Privacy Policy
Effective on: September 13, 2024
Privacy Summary
OUR CONTACT INFORMATION
The Browning Group International, Inc. DBA Emergenetics
Address: 2 Inverness Drive East, Suite 188
Centennial, CO 80112
Phone number: + 1-303-597-3830
Email address: privacy@emergenetics.com
Contact details of our Data Protection Officer:
VeraSafe, LLC
experts@verasafe.com
100 M Street SE, Suite 600, Washington D.C., 20003, U.S.A.
(617) 398-7067
Identity and contact details of the Representative in the EU and UK:
EU
VeraSafe Czech Republic s.r.o.
Klimentská 46
Prague 1, 11002
Czech Republic
VeraSafe Ireland Ltd.
Unit 3D North Point House
North Point Business Park
New Mallow Road
Cork T23AT2P
Ireland
UK
VeraSafe United Kingdom Ltd.
37 Albert Embankment
London SE1 7TL
United Kingdom
Contact form:
https://www.verasafe.com/privacy-services/contact-article-27-representative
GENERAL INFORMATION
Do we collect Personal Data?
YES. Some categories include biographical and contact information, as well as your responses to questions in a Profile.
Click here
to know which categories of personal data we collect and how we obtain them.
TRACKING
Do we use cookies or similar tracking technologies on our website?
YES
Click here
to read our cookie notice.
PRIVACY RIGHTS
Can you request to receive a copy of the personal data we have collected about you?
YES
Click here
to learn how.
Can you withdraw your consent to our processing of your personal data?
YES
Click here
to learn how. We also rely on lawful bases other than consent to process your personal data, such our need to perform a contract with you or our legitimate interests.
Click here
to learn more about our choice of legal bases.
Can you request to have your data deleted?
YES
Click here
to learn how.
SECURITY
Do we protect your personal data?
YES
Click here
to learn more about how we protect your personal data.
Introduction and Scope
The Browning Group International, Inc. doing business as Emergenetics International and its legal affiliates, including, without limitation, Emergenetics Europe Limited and Emergenetics Asia, Pte. Ltd. (collectively, “
Emergenetics
,” “
we
,” “
us
,” “
our
”) takes the protection of personal data very seriously. This Privacy Notice (the “
Notice
”) addresses data subjects (each a “
User
”, and collectively, “
Users
”) whose personal data we may process via the following information systems:
our hosted Emergenetics+ web application located at plus.emergenetics.com;
our Emergenetics+ mobile application for iOS and Android;
our website, located at
emergenetics.com
; and
our offline mailing system
(collectively, the “Emergenetics Platform” or the “Platform”).
The data subjects whose personal data we process within the context of this Notice include individuals who have taken one of our proprietary psychometric profiles, including, without limitation, the Emergenetics Profile (a
Profile
), including Emergenetics Associates and other representatives of our Partners (as defined below) who took a Profile as part of their Emergenetics training. Youth Services are covered by the
Youth Services Privacy Notice
.
This Notice does not apply to personal data concerning our employees. This Notice also does not apply to the processing of personal data by Emergenetics’ customers using the services. Please read the Privacy Notices of our customers.
Categories of Personal Data
The table below describes the categories of personal data we have collected about you in the last twelve months.
Personal Data We Collect, Process, or Store
How We Obtain It
Identifiers and Contact Information
Name, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, mailing address
Collected directly from you during account creation
You provide it directly to us when you use the Platform and services
Observed from interactions with the Platform
Internet or other similar network activity
Browsing history, search history, information on your interaction with a website, application, or advertisement
Observed from interactions with the Platform
Professional or employment-related information
Company
Collected directly from you during account creation
You provide it directly to us when you use the Platform and services
You provide it directly to us when you contact customer support
Inferences drawn from other personal data
Profile reflecting a person's personality, thinking and behavior preferences, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes
Generated by Emergenetics based on information you provide directly to us when you respond to questions in a Profile
Controllership
In the context of this Notice, Emergenetics typically acts as a joint data controller for the data we process with each of our Partners. If you sign up to use our services directly via our website as an individual participant or by invitation from an Emergenetics Associate located in the United States, Emergenetics acts as a data controller for your personal data.
Basis of Processing
Within the scope of this Notice, we may rely on one or more of the following legal grounds for processing your personal data:
the need to perform our obligations under a contract, such as the Emergenetics User Agreement, or to perform related pre-contractual duties;
the need to pursue our legitimate interests or those of our customers, such as providing Emergenetics psychometric profiling services to our customers or facilitating the provision of such services by our customers to their employees;
your consent; and
any other ground, as required or permitted by law in the specific respective context.
Where we receive your personal data as part of providing our services to you to fulfill a contract, we require such personal data to be able to carry out the contract. Without that necessary personal data, we will not be able to provide the services to you.
Purpose of Processing
We process personal data for the purposes of:
creating a psychometric profile of your personality based on your responses to Profile questions;
where applicable, enabling your use of the Platform;
where applicable, responding to client companies for debriefing purposes related to Profiles;
where applicable, sending you information about your Profile results by mail;
where applicable, sending you email or other marketing or advertising communications relating to Emergenetics that we think may be of interest to you;
responding to your inquiries, and/or other requests;
sending you email notifications about updates or changes to the Platform or our services; and
performing research and analysis to ensure that the Profiles remain accurate and current with societal norms.
Data Retention
When the purposes of processing are satisfied, we will delete such personal data within six months.
Cookies
A "cookie" is a small file stored on your device that contains information about your device. We may use cookies to provide basic relevant ads, website functionality, authentication (session management), usage analytics (web analytics), to remember your settings, and to improve our website and services. We use session and persistent cookies. Session cookies are deleted when you close your browser. Persistent cookies may remain even after you close your browser, but always have an expiration date. Most of the cookies placed on your device through our services are first-party cookies which are placed directly by us. Other parties, such as Google, also set their own (third-party) cookies on our websites. Please refer to the policies of these third parties to learn more about the way in which they collect and process information about you.
Google's Privacy Policy
HubSpot Privacy Policy
LinkedIn Privacy Policy
If you would prefer not to accept cookies, you can change the setup of your browser to reject all or some cookies. Note, if you reject certain cookies, you may not be able to use all features of our services. For more information, please visit
https://www.aboutcookies.org/
.
You may also set your browser to send a Do Not Track (DNT) or use a browser or plugin to send Global Privacy Control (GPC) signals. For more information, please visit
https://allaboutdnt.com/
and
https://globalprivacycontrol.org/
.
To learn more about our use of cookies please review our
Cookie Notice
.
Sharing Personal Data with Other Emergenetics Users
The Emergenetics Platform includes a social feature called "Connections" which allows you to connect with and share your Profile with other Users. You have complete control over whether your Profile is private or public. Private Profiles are not searchable by other Users of the Platform. If you choose to make your Profile public, other Users will have the ability to search for you by your name and email address, and to send a request to connect. Each User can send requests to connect with other Users, and each User can decide whether or not to accept a request to connect. If you choose to connect with another Platform User, that User will be able to see your Profile, including your name, contact information, and information about your personality type as determined by the Emergenetics Platform.
Sharing Personal Data with Service Providers
We share personal data with our service providers, who process personal data on behalf of Emergenetics. The following table describes, in the last twelve months, the categories of personal data we have disclosed to third parties for business purposes, and the categories of those third parties.
Personal Data Disclosed for Business Purposes?
Category
Yes or No
Categories of Third Parties Receiving Personal Data
Identifiers
YES
Collaboration tool providers
Customer relationship management software providers
Infrastructure service providers
Analytics service providers
B2B marketing data engines
Emergenetics Partners
Internet or similar network activity
YES
● Analytics service providers
● Infrastructure service providers
● B2B marketing data engines
Professional or employment-related information
YES
● Collaboration tool providers
● Customer relationship management software providers
● Infrastructure service providers
● Analytics service providers
● B2B marketing data engines
Inferences drawn from other personal data
YES
● Infrastructure service providers
● Emergenetics Partners
Our service providers may be located outside of the United States. However, we will either obtain your explicit consent to transfer your personal data to such third parties, or we will require that those third parties maintain at least the same level of confidentiality that we maintain for such personal data. We remain liable for the protection of your personal data that we transfer (except to the extent that we are not responsible for the event giving rise to any unauthorized or improper processing) or have transferred to third parties through our designated data transfer mechanism, such as the Data Privacy Framework or
Standard Contractual Clauses
as approved by the European Commission under
Article 46.2 of the GDPR
, except to the extent that we are not responsible for the event that leads to any unauthorized or improper processing.
Also, some of these third parties may be located outside of the European Economic Area, Switzerland and the United Kingdom. In some cases, the European Commission may not have determined that the countries data protection laws provide a level of protection equivalent to European Union law. We will only transfer your personal data to third parties in these countries when there are appropriate safeguards in place.
Sharing Personal Data with Emergenetics Partners
Emergenetics works with a variety of individuals and organizations in the Americas, Europe, and Asia to bring Emergenetics science to participants around the world. Our partners are Emergenetics client organizations, independent Emergenetics Associates, Country Representatives, Domain Administrators, and other third parties providing Emergenetics services globally (collectively, the
Emergenetics Partners
or the
Partners
).
In order to process your Profile(s), Emergenetics shares data with our Partners, who typically act as joint controllers with Emergenetics over the personal data processed via the Platform. If you took a Profile at the invitation of an Emergenetics Associate, are an employee or member of a corporate client or client organization, we likely received your data from a Partner. Emergenetics shares your personal data with its Partners in order to provide the Platform and services to you.
Other Disclosure of Your Personal Data
We may disclose your personal data (i) to the extent required by law or if we have a good-faith belief that such disclosure is necessary in order to comply with official investigations or legal proceedings initiated by governmental and/or law enforcement officials, or private parties, including but not limited to: in response to subpoenas, search warrants, or court orders, or (ii) if we sell or transfer all or a portion of our company's business interests, assets, or both, or in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, restructuring, or other company change, or (iii) to our subsidiaries or affiliates only if necessary for business and operational purposes as described in the section above.
We reserve the right to use, transfer, sell, and share aggregated, anonymous data, which does not include any personal data, about users of our Platform and services as a group for any legal business purpose, such as analyzing usage trends and seeking compatible advertisers, sponsors, clients, and customers.
If we must disclose your personal data in order to comply with official investigations or legal proceedings initiated by governmental and/or law enforcement officials, we may not be able to ensure that such recipients of your personal data will maintain the privacy or security of your personal data.
If you are a current Emergenetics client or user, we may send you occasional marketing newsletters. You will always have the ability to opt out or unsubscribe from marketing emails.
If you are not a current Emergenetics client or user, we will never send you any marketing materials without your express permission.
Sale of Your Personal Data
Emergenetics does not sell your personal data in the conventional sense (for money). And when you use our Services to take one of our proprietary psychometric profiles, we do not disclose or sell the information you provide to any third parties.
We do use analytics and advertising tools on our website, which can result in the transfer of website visitor information like online identifiers or browsing activity to certain third parties (see the Cookies section for more information). Using these tools may be considered a “sale” under certain laws such as the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA). If you would like to opt out of the “sale” of your personal data that may take place via these technologies, you can learn how below.
Data Integrity & Security
Emergenetics has implemented and will maintain technical, administrative, and physical measures that are reasonably designed to help protect personal data from unauthorized processing such as unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction.
What Privacy Rights Do You Have?
You have specific rights regarding your personal data that we collect and process. Please note that you can only exercise these rights with respect to personal data that we process about you when we act as a data controller or as a "business" under the CCPA.
In this section, we first describe those rights and then we explain how you can exercise those rights.
Right to Know What Happens to Your Personal Data
This is called the right to be informed. It means that you have the right to obtain from us all information regarding our data processing activities that concern you such as how we collect and use your personal data, how long we will keep it, and who it will be shared with, among other things.
We are informing you of how we process your personal data with this Notice.
Right to Know What Personal Data Emergenetics Has About You
This is called the right of access. This right allows you to ask for full details of the personal data we hold on you.
You have the right to obtain from us, including confirmation of whether or not we process personal data concerning you and, where that is the case, a copy or access to the personal data and certain related information.
Once we receive and confirm that the request came
from you
or
your authorized agent
, we will disclose to you:
The categories of your personal data that we process;
The categories of sources for your personal data;
Our purposes for processing your personal data;
Where possible, the retention period for your personal data, or, if not possible, the criteria used to determine the retention period;
The categories of third parties with whom we share your personal data;
If we carry out automated decision-making, including profiling
,
meaningful information about the logic involved, as well as the significance and the envisaged consequences of such processing for you;
The specific pieces of personal data we process about you in an easily-sharable format;
If we rely on legitimate interests as a lawful basis to process your personal data, the specific legitimate interests; and
The appropriate safeguards used to transfer personal data from the EEA or the UK to a third country, if applicable.
Under some circumstances, we may deny your access request. In that event, we will respond to you with the reason for the denial.
The CCPA does not allow us to disclose Social Security numbers, driver's license numbers or other government-issued identification numbers, financial account numbers, any health insurance or medical identification numbers, account passwords, or security questions and answers. We can inform you that we have this information generally, but we may not provide the specific numbers, passwords etc. to you for security and legal reasons.
Right to Change Your Personal Data
This is called the right to correct or rectification. It gives you the right to ask us to correct without undue delay anything that you think is wrong with the personal data we have on file about you, and to complete any incomplete personal data.
If your account settings do not allow you to change the information yourself, please
contact us
and we will do our best to change the personal data for you.
Right to Delete Your Personal Data
This is called the right to erasure, right to deletion, or the right to be forgotten. This right means you can ask for your personal data to be deleted.
Sometimes we can delete your information, but other times it is not possible for either technical or legal reasons. If that is the case,
we will consider if we can limit how we use it.
We will also inform you of our reason for denying your deletion request.
Right to Ask Us to Limit How We Process Your Personal Data
This is called the right to restrict processing. It is the right to ask us to only use or store your personal data for certain purposes. You have this right in certain instances, such as where you believe the data is inaccurate or the processing activity is unlawful.
Right to Ask Us to Stop Using Your Personal Data
This is called the right to object. This is your right to tell us to stop using your personal data. You have this right where we rely on a legitimate interest of ours (or of a third party).
You may also object at any time to the processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes.
We will stop processing the relevant personal data unless: (i) we have compelling legitimate grounds for the processing that override your interests, rights, or freedoms; or (ii) we need to continue processing your personal data to establish, exercise, or defend a legal claim.
If we have received your personal data in reliance on the Data Privacy Framework, you may also have the right to opt out of having your personal data shared with third parties and to revoke your consent to our sharing your personal data with third parties. You may also have the right to opt out if your personal data is used for any purpose that is materially different from the purpose(s) for which it was originally collected or which you originally authorized. An individual may request to exercise these rights in line with the Data Privacy Framework Principles by referring to the “How Can You Exercise Your Privacy Rights?” section below.
Right to Port or Move Your Personal Data
This is called the right to data portability. It is the right to ask for and receive a portable copy of your personal data that you have given us or that you have generated by using our services, so that you can:
Move it;
Copy it;
Keep it for yourself; or
Transfer it to another organization.
We will provide your personal data in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format. When you request this information electronically, we will provide you a copy in electronic format.
Right to Withdraw Your Consent
Where we rely on your consent as the legal basis for processing your personal data, you may withdraw your consent at any time. If you withdraw your consent, our use of your personal data before you withdraw is still lawful.
If you have given consent for your details to be shared with a third party and wish to withdraw this consent, please also contact the relevant third party in order to change your preferences.
Right to Non-Discrimination
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your privacy rights. Unless the applicable data protection laws permit it, we will not:
Deny you goods or services;
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits or imposing penalties;
Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services; or
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
Right to Opt Out of the Sale of Your Personal Data
You have the "right to opt out", which means you have the right to ask us to not sell your personal data at any time. As our use of some of the cookies that we use for statistical purposes and marketing purposes is the only sale of your personal data that Emergenetics may be engaging in, the only way to opt out of sales of personal data is to change your cookie preferences through our cookie consent management platform. In particular, you need to choose not to allow the following categories of cookies:
Statistics
Marketing
Please consider that the preferences you submit through the cookie consent management platform, including your requests to opt out from the sale of personal data, may be stored in cookies or similar technologies that are specific to your browser. If this browser is configured to block cookies or similar technologies, our tool may not be able to store your preferences. In addition, deleting cookies on this browser may result in your preferences being removed. If your preferences are removed after you delete cookies from this browser, you will have to update these preferences again. Also, remember that private browsing technologies (such as incognito mode) automatically delete all local storage and cookies when the browsing session ends, preventing us from recording your choice made during the session; and prevent us from accessing any local storage created outside of the current session, which does not enable us to access the choice you made during a normal or previous private browsing session.
We'll only store your preferences in this browser. Because some companies may not connect information about this browser with other web browsers or devices you may use (such as a web browser on another computer you may use, or one on a mobile device), you need to update your preferences through the cookie consent management platform to set your preferences separately for other browsers or devices you may use."
Your Right to Opt In to the Sale of Your Personal Data
As our use of some of the cookies that we use for statistical purposes and marketing purposes is the only sale of your personal data that Emergenetics may be engaging in, the only way to opt in to sales of personal data is to change your cookie preferences through our cookie consent management platform. In particular, you need to choose to allow the following categories of cookies:
Statistics
Marketing
How Can You Exercise Your Privacy Rights?
To exercise any of the rights described above, please submit a request by either:
Calling us
at
: 1-800-996-8665
Contacting us by email
at
privacy@emergenetics.com
(the preferred method)
Verification of Your Identity
In order to correctly respond to your privacy rights requests, we need to confirm that you made the request. Consequently, we may require additional information to confirm that you are who you say you are. We will verify your identity via using information we already have concerning you in our system.
We will only use the personal data you provide us in a request to verify your identity or authority to make the request.
Verification of Authority
If you are submitting a request on behalf of somebody else, we will need to verify your authority to act on behalf of that individual. When contacting us, please provide us with proof that the individual gave you signed permission to submit this request, such as a valid power of attorney on behalf of the individual. Alternatively, you may ask the individual to directly
contact us
by using the contact details above to verify their identity with Emergenetics and confirm with us that they gave you permission to submit this request.
Response Timing and Format of Our Responses
We will confirm the receipt of your request within ten (10) business days and, in that communication, we will also describe our identity verification process (if needed) and when you should expect a response, unless we have already granted or denied the request.
Please allow us up to a month to reply to your requests from the day we received your request. If we need more time (up to 90 days in total), we will inform you of the reason why and the extension period in writing.
If we cannot satisfy a request, we will explain why in our response. For data portability requests, we will choose a format to provide your personal data that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without difficulty.
We will not charge a fee for processing or responding to your requests. However, we may charge a fee if we determine that your request is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. In those cases, we will tell you why we made that determination and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
EU-U.S., the UK Extension to the EU-U.S., and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Frameworks
Emergenetics complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“EU-U.S. DPF”) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“Swiss-U.S. DPF”) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Emergenetics has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (“EU-U.S. DPF Principles”) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Emergenetics has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (“Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles”) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
and
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/participant-search
, respectively.
Dispute Resolution
If a privacy complaint or dispute relating to personal data received by Emergenetics in reliance on the Data Privacy Framework (or any of its predecessors) cannot be resolved through our internal processes, we have agreed to participate in the
VeraSafe Data Privacy Framework Dispute Resolution Procedure
. Subject to the terms of the VeraSafe Data Privacy Framework Dispute Resolution Procedure, VeraSafe will provide appropriate recourse free of charge to you. To file a complaint with VeraSafe and participate in the VeraSafe Data Privacy Framework Dispute Resolution Procedure, please submit the required information here:
https://www.verasafe.com/privacy-services/dispute-resolution/submit-dispute/
.
Binding Arbitration
If your dispute or complaint can't be resolved by us, nor through the dispute resolution program established by VeraSafe, you may have the right to require that we enter into binding arbitration with you pursuant to the Data Privacy Framework's Recourse, Enforcement and Liability Principle.
Regulatory Oversight
In the United States, Emergenetics is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the United States Federal Trade Commission.
If you are a data subject whose personal data we process, you may also have the right to lodge a complaint with a data protection regulator in one or more of the European Union member states.
Changes to this Privacy Notice
If we make any material change to this Notice, we will post the revised Notice to this webpage and update the "Effective" date above to reflect the date on which the new Notice became effective.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Notice or our processing of your personal data, please write to privacy@emergenetics.com or by contacting our Data Protection Officer using the contact information above.
English
Deutsch
Español
Français
Français Canadien
Hrvatski
Italiano
Magyar
Montenegrin
Nederlands
Română
Српски
لعربية
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.verasafe.com/privacy-services/contact-article-27-representative:
Home
Public Resources
Contact an Organization Participating in the Data Protection Representative Program
This page is available in multiple languages
English
Čeština
Deutsch
Español
Français
Nederlands
Polski
Your Inquiry
* Indicates required field
Name of the VeraSafe Client Your Inquiry Is Directed To
*
HTML
Note: We can only handle inquiries related to foreign organizations that have actually appointed VeraSafe to act as their Data Protection Representative. We have no way to prevent an organization from falsely claiming that VeraSafe is their Data Protection Representative.
Provide a Detailed Description of Your Inquiry
*
Your First Name
*
Your Last Name
*
Your Email Address
*
Any Other Contact Information You Wish to Share
We will process your personal data as described in our
Privacy Policy
Submit
If you are a human seeing this field, please leave it empty.
A quick summary of how your inquiry will be handled:
As you’re likely aware, the purpose of this form is to help make it easier for you to get in touch with non-EU and/or non-UK organizations that process your personal data. Given that, any data you submit on this form will be transferred to the foreign organization that you identify in the “Name of the organization that your inquiry relates to” field, above, with the aim of helping resolve your concern. Note that you likely won’t hear any response to your inquiry from VeraSafe directly. Unless the foreign organization specifically authorizes us to respond to you directly, the foreign organization will be fully responsible for handling your inquiry on their own, without any involvement from VeraSafe. In our role as a representative working on behalf of foreign organizations, we can facilitate communication between you and the foreign organization but we don’t have any way to resolve your inquiry ourselves. We want to help you, but we have no power to force any foreign organization to respond to your inquiry, even if we (you and us) both think they should.
Since VeraSafe has a legal obligation to relay your inquiry to the foreign organization you identify above, your rights to request that we not use your data for this purpose are quite limited. Likewise, please be aware that we have a legal obligation to document how we handle your inquiries, which may prevent us from erasing your personal data upon your request. If you do not want VeraSafe to process your personal data, you must not submit such personal data to us in any way. You can always direct your concern to the foreign organization directly (instead of VeraSafe), and you have no obligation to send your inquiry to VeraSafe.
Examples of inquiries that are not likely to be accepted using this form:
Customer service issues
Inquiries that don’t provide enough information or context
Complaints that involve any threats, abusive language, or delivering legal notices
Requests for legal advice
Issues un-related to data protection
Inquiries directed to organizations that have not appointed any VeraSafe entity or affiliate as their Data Protection Representative
Examples of inquiries that are likely to be accepted using this form:
Substantive privacy concerns
Inquiries from regulatory agencies
Requests to exercise privacy rights
Sub-policy 1
https://emergenetics.com/youth-privacy-notice/:
To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.
The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.
The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.
The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.
The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.
Manage options
Manage services
Manage {vendor_count} vendors
Read more about these purposes
Accept
Deny
View preferences
Save preferences
View preferences
{title}
{title}
{title}
To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.
The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.
The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.
The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.
The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.
Manage options
Manage services
Manage {vendor_count} vendors
Read more about these purposes
Accept
Deny
View preferences
Save preferences
View preferences
Emergenetics Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
{title}
Skip to content
Take Quiz
Blog
Blog
Blog
블로그
ブログ
Blog
目錄
Blog
Blog
Blog
Blog
Blog
Take Your Profile
Prenez votre profil
SCOPRI IL TUO PROFILO
ENTDECKEN SIE IHR PROFIL
Neem je profiel
Take Your Profile
프로파일 검사하기
プロファイルを取得する
Lấy hồ sơ của bạn
填寫您的報告
Take Your Profile
Toma tu perfil
Emergenetics+ Login
Emergenetics + Iniciar sesión
EMERGENETICS + 로그인
Emergenetics+ へログインする
Emergenetics + Đăng nhập
Emergenetics+登錄
Emergenetics + Connexion
Emergenetics + Login
Emergenetics+ Login
Emergenetics + Inloggen
Search
Buscar
검색
検索
Tìm kiếm
搜索
Chercher
Cerca
Suche
Zoeken
English (US)
Americas
English (US)
Español
Asia Pacific
English (UK)
日本語
한국어
中文
Tiếng Việt
Europe, Middle East & Africa
English (UK)
Deutsch
Français
Italiano
Nederlands
Emergenetics Youth Services Privacy Notice
Effective on: September 13, 2024
Introduction
Hey there! We at Emergenetics care about keeping your personal information safe. This Youth Privacy Notice (“
Youth Notice
”) supplements our
Privacy Policy
. It applies to the Youth Services we provide through your school or youth organization, like when you take the Emergenetics Youth Report. We have summarized the key information here for you, and if you want more details you can read the Privacy Policy. Please note that to the extent there are any differences between the Privacy Policy and the Youth Notice, the Youth Notice governs for Youth Services.
What Is Covered by this Notice?
This notice is for people (like kids and students) whose personal information we get from our customers (usually schools and youth organizations) when they use our online website for Youth Reports (“
Youth
Services
”). For simplicity, we call our customers “
organizations
” in this Youth Notice.
This Notice doesn't address:
Info from people who just visit our website;
Info about people who use other services provided by us;
Info about our workers, people who want to work with us, or others who help Emergenetics; and
Info that doesn't tell us who you are.
Our Role with Your Info
We help organizations by providing services for youth at their direction. Your organization decides who can use your information and for what purposes, like teachers and students. We only use your info in ways the organization tells us to or when the law says we have to. Remember, your organization has its own privacy practices, so if you have questions, please talk to them.
Why Can We Use Your Info?
We are allowed to use your info because your organization or your parents have asked us to. We work with organizations just like their own employees do. We help with things the organization would have their employees do, we follow the organization's rules about using and taking care of their records, and we don't share your info without permission. You can ask your organization, your teachers, or your parents to tell you more if you have questions.
What Info We Collect About You and How We Get It
Below is a list of the information we may collect when we provide Youth Services:
Biographical Information
- Your name, your parents' or guardians' names, age, organization, and the special code given to you by Emergenetics.
Questionnaire Results
– Certain things about you which we learn when you take the Youth Report questionnaire, like how you prefer to think, learn and talk to your classmates and your teachers.
Device Information
– We may get information about the device you use to complete the questionnaire online, like your computer’s IP address.
We get this info because you give it to us when you sign up for our Platform, your organization gives it to us, or we conclude based on your answers to the questionnaire. We won't collect more info about you without telling you.
How Do We Use Your Info?
We might use your personal information to do these things:
Make a special name and secret code for you to use our website.
Provide Youth Services, such as creating an Emergenetics Youth Report
Help you use our Youth Services better by:
Changing it to match what you like and work with your computer or tablet;
Making it easier to use;
Keeping it safe and protected;
See how well our platform is working.
Help with things you do with your organization.
Answer any questions or help you if you ask us.
Follow the law and make sure people follow the rules.
Make our Youth Services better.
How Long We Keep Your Info
We keep your personal information for as long as the person in charge of your account tells us to (normally, your organization), or until you ask us to stop processing it (as explained below). And after we process your questionnaire responses to generate a Youth Report, we delete your specific responses.
Sharing Your Info with Third Parties
We do not share your information with anyone beyond your organization, except when necessary to operate our service or when required by law.
We use a cloud hosting provider to operate our website and Youth Services, but they can only use your information to help us and must keep your information secure and private.
We might share your information if the law says we have to, or if we think we need to in order to help with important investigations or legal cases. If we share your information with government or law enforcement officials, we can't promise they will keep it private and safe.
We might also share your information if our company joins with another company, sells some of its business, or changes in some way. We will only do this if the new company promises to keep your information safe, like we do.
Notice to Parents
Protecting the privacy of children (under the age of 13) is important to Emergenetics. We work as a contracted service provider to education institutions, and only collect information that is reasonably necessary for providing our services. We do not share children’s information with third parties beyond what is described above. If you believe that you child may have provided us with their information in violation of this Notice or you would like to review or delete their information, please contact your child’s school or contact us at
privacy@emergenetics.com
.
What Privacy Rights Do You Have?
You may have specific rights regarding the info about you that we collect and process, such as to access, correct, and delete it. You may also have the right to ask that we limit our processing of such info, as well as the right to object to our processing of such info. You may also have the right to data portability. But since we process your info at the direction of your organization, your organization is responsible for managing those rights and you should speak with your organization if you have any questions.
We also acknowledge the right of EU, UK and Swiss individuals to access their info pursuant to the Data Privacy Framework (as described in the International Transfers section below) and will grant individuals reasonable access to info we received pursuant to the Data Privacy Framework Principles, consistent with our role in supporting organizations. In addition, we will take reasonable steps consistent with our role in supporting organizations to permit individuals to correct, amend, or delete such information that is demonstrated to be inaccurate or processed in violation of the Data Privacy Framework Principles. Additionally, if we have received your info in reliance on the Data Privacy Framework, while you may also have the right to opt out of having your info shared with third parties, that right is not applicable since we do not share your info with third parties. You may also have the right to opt out if your info is used for any purpose that is materially different from the purpose(s) for which it was originally collected or which you originally authorized. An individual may request to access their info, or otherwise correct, amend, delete, withdraw their consent or limit the processing of their Personal Data in line with the Data Privacy Framework Principles by contacting the organization.
Data Integrity & Security
At Emergenetics, we take your information seriously and we promise to keep it safe. We have special ways to protect your information from bad people who might try to steal it. Some of the things we do are: we use special technology to make sure no one can read your password, we only let certain people like teachers, school administrators, and organization leaders see your information if they really need to, and we have a team of people whose work is to ensure your information stays safe.
International Transfers
Sometimes we may need to transfer information from the European Economic Area and United Kingdom to the United States, such as if you attend school in certain European countries. In those circumstances, we have committed to protecting your information under something called the Data Privacy Framework. In this section, we include information that is required for the Data Privacy Framework, which basically explains our participation in the framework and how you can contact us and work through any complaints you may have.
Emergenetics complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“
EU-U.S. DPF
”) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“
Swiss-U.S. DPF
”) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.  Emergenetics has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (“
EU-U.S. DPF Principles
”) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Emergenetics has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (“
Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles
”) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF.  If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern.  To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov
and
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/participant-search
, respectively.
Third Parties
If you are in Europe and we transfer your information to third parties outside of Europe, we will either ask for your explicit consent or require the third party to maintain at least the same level of privacy and security for your information that we do. We remain liable for the protection of your information that we transfer or have transferred to third parties through our designated data transfer mechanism, except to the extent that we are not responsible for the event that leads to any unauthorized or improper processing.
Dispute Resolution
Where a privacy complaint or dispute relating to Personal Data received by Emergenetics in reliance on the Data Privacy Framework (or any of its predecessors) cannot be resolved through our internal processes, we have agreed to participate in the
VeraSafe Data Privacy Framework Dispute Resolution Procedure
. Subject to the terms of the VeraSafe Data Privacy Framework Dispute Resolution Procedure, VeraSafe will provide appropriate recourse free of charge to you. To file a complaint with VeraSafe and participate in the VeraSafe Data Privacy Framework Dispute Resolution Procedure, please submit the required information here:
https://www.verasafe.com/privacy-services/dispute-resolution/submit-dispute/
Binding Arbitration
If your dispute or complaint related to your Personal Data that we received in reliance on the Data Privacy Framework cannot be resolved by us, nor through the dispute resolution mechanism mentioned above, you may have the right to require that we enter into binding arbitration with you under the Data Privacy Framework “Recourse, Enforcement and Liability” Principle and Annex I of the Data Privacy Framework
.
U.S. Regulatory Oversight
Emergenetics is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the United States Federal Trade Commission.
Right to Lodge a Complaint with a Supervisory Authority
If you live in Europe, you can also complain to a supervisory authority in your country about how we use your info if you think we have done something wrong with it. Ask your school or your parents to help you with doing this. Ask your organization or your parents to help you with doing this.
Changes to This Notice
If we make any changes to this Youth Notice, we will tell you by updating this page and noting the new date. If we do change this Youth Notice and you keep using Emergenetics, it means you agree to the changes.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Youth Notice, you can contact Emergenetics’ Data Protection Officer by email, phone, or mail at:
VeraSafe, LLC
experts@verasafe.com
100 M Street SE, Suite 600, Washington D.C., 20003, U.S.A.
(617) 398-7067
If you are in the EU or UK and want to contact our representative, please refer to our main
Privacy Policy
for our representative’s information.
x
Personality Pop-Quiz
1) Select the statement below that best describes you:
*
I like to make a plan and follow it.
I'd love to share the experience with you; let's put it on the calendar.
I prefer to create things in partnership with others.
I see the forest and want others to count the trees.
Back
Next
2) Select the statement below that best describes you:
*
I'm a rational, practical thinker.
I like to get the job done working with others.
I'm intuitive about people and ideas.
I bring clear thinking to big ideas.
Back
Next
3) Select the statement below that best describes you:
*
I'm a logical problem solver.
I appreciate when people share details.
People and possibilities inspire me.
My logical perspective can sometimes be at odds with my imagination.
Back
Next
4) Select the statement below that best describes you:
*
I like to work with facts, statistics and research.
I get energy from having a plan and set deadlines.
I work best through relationships.
I like to connect data with big ideas.
Back
Next
5) Select the statement below that best describes you:
*
I work best when I receive a defined objective and plan of action as I approach a project.
I work best when I receive examples of the desired outcome.
I work best when I have an opportunity for conversation and connection before getting started.
I work best when I understand the high-level 'why' behind a project.
Back
Next
Your Email
*
Back
Next
This field is hidden when viewing the form
Region
*
This field is hidden when viewing the form
Counter
*
Manage consent
Manage consent
Scroll To Top
Notifications
Sub-policy 2
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 3
https://legal.hubspot.com/privacy-policy:
×
close
We use cookies to improve HubSpot’s site. Some cookies are necessary for our website and services to function properly. Other cookies are optional and help personalize your experience, including advertising and analytics. You can consent to all cookies, decline all optional cookies, or manage optional cookies. Without a selection, our default cookie settings will apply. You can change your preferences at any time. To learn more, check out our
Cookie Policy
.
Accept all
Decline all
Manage Cookies
Legal
For Customers
Customer Terms of Service
Product Specific Terms
Jurisdiction Specific Terms
Data Processing Agreement
Product and Services Catalog
Acceptable Use Policy
HubSpot Security Program
Content Moderation @HubSpot
For Partners
App Partner Program Agreement
Solutions Partner Program Agreement
Marketing Affiliate Program Agreement
HubSpot for Startups Partner Agreement
Education Partner Agreement
For Developers
HubSpot Developer Terms
HubSpot Developer Policy
Acceptable Use Policy
For Everyone
Website Terms of Use
Website Accessibility
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
European Union Digital Services Act
Modern Slavery Statement
Other Legal Docs
Community Terms of Use
Marketplace Terms of Use
HUG Program Agreement
UX Research Participation Agreement
Back to Legal Stuff home
HubSpot is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy applies to the personal data we collect and process in the course of our business. HubSpot acts in different ways when processing data:
(i) HubSpot acts as a controller of your personal data when you sign up for our products and services, visit our websites or interact with us through other channels (for example in person events). We use this data for a variety of purposes, including to provide our products and services to you, contact you about relevant content, and improve and promote our products and services.
(ii) HubSpot acts as a processor when our customers use our products and services to collect and process personal data in connection with their sales, marketing, and other business activities. In this case, we act as a processor (or service provider) on behalf of our customers (who are controllers of personal data) under the HubSpot
Data Processing Agreement
included in the
Customer Terms of Service
.
(iii) HubSpot also acts as a controller when we collect and process personal data about individuals in their professional capacity, and make that information available to customers for their own sales, marketing, and other business activities. This includes personal data we may collect indirectly about you, such as from publicly available sources, our customers, or other third parties. For more information see the “What Information We Collect and Process” section.
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy "Personal Data" means any information relating to an identified or identifiable individual. This Privacy Policy describes your choices and rights with respect to your Personal Data, including your rights of access and correction.
(i) For information about how to exercise your privacy rights when HubSpot acts as a controller of personal data, please see the “Your Privacy Rights and Choices” section.
(ii) To opt out and delete your personal data from our commercial dataset of professionals, please fill out
this form
.
(iii) If you wish to exercise your privacy rights regarding Personal Data we process on behalf of a customer, please refer to the customer policies and contact the customer directly.
We update this Privacy Policy from time to time and encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically. We will post any Privacy Policy changes on this page and, if the changes are material, notify you directly (for example, by sending you an email notification). Terms not otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy have the meaning given to them in the
HubSpot Customer Terms of Service
.
1.
What
Information We Collect and Process
2.
How We Use Personal Data
3.
How We Share Personal Data
4.
How We Transfer Personal Data Internationally
5.
How We Store and Secure Personal Data
6.
Cookies and Similar Technologies
7.
Your Privacy Rights and Choices
8.
California Privacy Rights
9.
Other Important Privacy Information
10.
Google Integrations
11.
Contact Us
1
. WHAT INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND PROCESS
1.1 Information You Provide to HubSpot.
When you interact with us via our websites or any sites or services that link to this Privacy Policy (such as HubSpot.com, the Hustle.co, etc.) or use the Subscription Service, we may collect Personal Data and other information from you, as further described below.
1.1.1 When You Visit Our Websites. We collect Personal Data from you when you submit web forms or interact with our websites, for example by subscribing to a HubSpot blog, signing up for a webinar, subscribing to one of our services or requesting customer support. We may ask for your email address, first and last name, job title, and other similar business information. You are free to explore some of our websites without providing any Personal Data about yourself.
1.1.2 INBOUND and Other Event Information. When you register for
INBOUND
or a HubSpot event, we collect information such as name, address, phone number, and email address. We use this information to communicate with you and in some cases facilitate your registration. Additionally, we may share your registration data with service providers of INBOUND in order to provide event information and improve your experience at INBOUND or future HubSpot events.
1.1.3 Account and User Information. We collect Personal Data when you sign-up for a HubSpot account, create or modify user information, set preferences, or provide any other related information to access or utilize our Subscription Service.
1.1.4 Payment Information. We collect payment and billing information when you register for or purchase paid products or services. For example, we may ask you to provide a billing address, or a billing contact for your HubSpot account. If you give us payment information, we use it solely as authorized by you in accordance with this Privacy Policy. We use secure third-party payment service providers to manage payment processing, which is collected through a secure payment process.
1.1.5 Testimonials. We may post testimonials and comments on our websites, which may contain Personal Data.
1.2 Information We Process on Behalf of Customers When They Use the Subscription Service.
Our product, or the Subscription Service, allows our customers to create and share marketing, sales and customer service content. When customers use our product, they may process Personal Data such as first and last name, email address, physical address, phone number, or other information about you. We call the information that our customers submit or collect via the product ‘Customer Data’ under our
Customer Terms of Service
.
We generally store and process information about and on behalf of our customers on our servers as a processor (or service provider) based on a customer’s instructions and in accordance with our
Customer Terms of Service
.  Each customer controls and is  responsible for the information they process using the Subscription Service and for complying with any regulations or laws that require providing notice, disclosure, and/or obtaining consent prior to transferring the Personal Data to HubSpot for processing purposes.
If you have questions about the Personal Data we process on behalf of a customer, please contact the customer directly and refer to their policies.
1.3 Information We Collect and Process When You Use the Subscription Service.
1.3.1 Usage Data. We collect usage data when you or your users in your HubSpot account interact with the Subscription Service. Usage data includes metrics and information regarding your use and interaction with the Subscription Service such as what product features you use the most, when an object (like a ticket) is opened and closed, and how often certain features (like workflows) are triggered in your account.
We engage third party providers to collect usage data. For more information about how we protect your information with these service providers, please see the "How We Share Personal Data" section.
1.3.2 Mobile. When you access or use the Subscription Service via our mobile applications, we automatically collect information such as your device model and version, operating system, or device identifiers.
1.3.3 Log Files. Like most websites and technology services delivered over the Internet, we automatically collect and store information about your computer hardware and software when you visit our websites, use our product and services, or visit other sites or services that link to this Privacy Policy. This information can include your IP address, browser type, domain names, internet service provider (ISP), and the files viewed on our websites (e.g., HTML pages, graphics, etc.), the files viewed on our, or our customer’s websites (if those websites are hosted on HubSpot e.g. HTML pages or, graphics etc.), your operating system, access times and referring website addresses.
When you use the Subscription Service, we collect and store the categories of information listed above in logs in the following instances, subject to the customer’s implementation settings:
(i) when a HubSpot User logs into their account and accesses tools in the HubSpot Platform;
(ii) when an individual visits a customer’s website, if the website is hosted by our product and services; or
(iii) when an individual visits a customer’s website, if the customer’s website is self-hosted, if the customer uses our plug-ins, and the customer uses HubSpot scripts and content (such as embedded forms).; or
(iv) third-party features and content from other companies.
Our websites may include features and widgets (such as the share and/or "like" button or interactive mini-programs) that run on our websites. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our sites, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. These features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our websites.
1.3.4 Third Party Integrations
You may connect third party integrations to your HubSpot account, which may ask for certain permissions to access data or send information to your HubSpot account. It is your responsibility to review any third party integrations you authorize. We may collect information about what types of integrations you use in your HubSpot account.
Any permission(s) granted by you, grants these third parties access to your data, which may include (but is not limited to) granting third party applications access to view, store, and modify your HubSpot account data.  We are not responsible for the practices of third party integrations, so please carefully review the permissions you grant to third party applications.
HubSpot Terms Tip: For more information on integrations with third party providers, please see the
"Connect apps to HubSpot"
knowledge base article.
1.4 Information We Collect From Other Sources.
1.4.1 HubSpot Partners. We may receive information about you, or Users of your HubSpot Account (if applicable), from our global network of partners. We may receive this data through a number of ways, including through our deal and lead registration processes.
We may also collect information about you through our partner co-marketing partnerships. For example, you may sign up to a webinar or download a white paper published by HubSpot and a HubSpot co-marketing partner. You can read more information about our co-marketing program at https://www.hubspot.com/co-marketing-request-form. For more information about how we share data with our partners, review the "Partners" subsection of the "How We Share Personal Data" provision of this privacy policy.
1.4.2 Third Parties. We may receive information from third party service providers, from related companies, and from our business and solution partners.
1.4.3 Personal Data from Different Sources. We may collect Personal Data about you from other sources, such as third party providers and publicly available sources (like social media platforms). This may include physical mail addresses, job titles, email addresses, phone numbers, IP addresses, and social media profiles. This helps us to update and improve our products, services, and records, identify new customers, create more personalized advertising, suggest products and services that may interest you, deliver personalized communications, and promote events.
1.4.4 Other HubSpot Companies and Affiliates. We may receive information about you from other companies that are owned or operated by HubSpot.
1.5 Information We Collect and Process in Connection with Our Enrichment Products. HubSpot collects business contact and similar professional data from various sources, including publicly available sources, third party providers, and customers who use our enrichment products. This information powers our commercial dataset. We provide information from our commercial dataset to customers who choose to use enrichment products within the Subscription Services as part of their sales, marketing, and other business activities.
If you’d like to remove your Personal Data from our commercial dataset, complete and submit
this form
. For more information about how to exercise your privacy rights and choices, please see the “Your Privacy Rights and Choices” section for more information.
1.6 Information We Collect and Process via the HubSpot Tracking Code. Our Customers may install the HubSpot Tracking Code on their website to collect information about website visitors. HubSpot uses information collected by the tracking code, such as IP addresses and online identifiers, to improve our products and services, including our commercial dataset. We store information about website visitors on our servers and process this data for our own purposes as a controller.
HubSpot Terms Tip: Please see the
"Install the HubSpot tracking code"
knowledge base article to learn more about data sharing with HubSpot.
2
. HOW WE USE PERSONAL DATA
2.1 To Communicate with You About the Product and Services. We use the account information you provide to HubSpot when signing up for our products and services, to send you transactional emails or in-app notification about billing, account management, and other administrative matters.
We also use your information to recommend new products and services and to provide customer support, such as resolving technical issues you encounter and analyzing product outages or bugs.
If you use the HubSpot mobile applications, we may send you push notifications from time to time in order to update you about events and promotions. If you no longer wish to receive such communications, you may turn them off at the device level.
2.2 To Provide the Subscription Service. We use your account information and Customer Data to provide the product and services to you. For example, we use the email address you provide when signing up for the product to create your user account, and we use your payment information to process payments for paid use of the Subscription Service. We also use this information to authenticate you when you log in and to provide customer support.
2.3 To Improve and Develop Our Product and Services. We use professional data, log files, and usage data about how you or your users interact with our product and services to develop and improve our products and services. For example, we use usage data to assess trends and usage across the product to help us determine what new features or integrations our users may be interested in.
We may use Customer Data to support and develop AI features and functionality within the Subscription Service and similar products and services that rely on machine learning. You may opt out of having your Customer Data used to train HubSpot models by emailing
privacy@hubspot.com
.
We may publish data about how our product and services are being used across our customer base. When we share statistical information externally in this way, the data will be aggregated and we will not identify individual users or customers. For example, we may publish blog posts on trends or insights into how users are interacting with our product.
HubSpot Terms Tip: Please see the "
Opt out of HubSpot's machine learning data use"
knowledge base article to learn more about how your Customer Data is being used to train HubSpot models.
2.4 To Secure and Protect our Product and HubSpot Users. We use your account information to investigate and help prevent security incidents. We may also use this information to meet legal requirements. We use your information to verify user accounts, new product sign-ups, and to detect and prevent product abuse. This includes enforcing our
Acceptable Use Policy
.
We use log files to provide general statistics regarding use of the websites by you, including how you use our websites, what country you are logging in from (for analytics, export control and regulatory purposes) and to help improve the navigation experience. Your IP addresses are also collected and logged for security and debugging purposes, for example to track access patterns, investigate security events and incidents. For these purposes we associate automatically-collected data to other personal data provided by you such as name, email address, address, and phone number.
2.5 To Market and Promote the Subscription Service. We use Personal Data to advertise, market, and promote our products, services, and other offerings. For example, we use information like your email or physical address to send information or HubSpot content to you we think may be of interest to you, including by post, email, or other means.  We may also send you marketing communications relating to our business.
You may opt out of receiving this promotional content by following the instructions contained in each communication that we send to you. If you unsubscribe from our marketing lists, we will continue to contact you regarding administrative matters, and to respond to your requests.
We may reach out to you via telephone to ask about other HubSpot products or services you may be interested in. If you have a call scheduled with a HubSpot representative, we may record and transcribe the call. You will be notified prior to the call that the call is being recorded, and you will be offered an opportunity to opt-out of having the call recorded.  We may also reach out to you via SMS, and you will be offered an opportunity to opt out of those communications.
Where required by law, we will only send marketing communications with your consent. Otherwise, we will market and advertise our products and services on the basis of our legitimate business interests.
We may use information collected from third party service providers and other sources in combination with other information we collect through other means described in this Privacy Policy for the purposes of providing you with updates and improved services, personalized communications, event promotion, and to otherwise improve the user experience.
2.6 Other Purposes if We Obtain Your Consent. We may use your data for other purposes when you give us consent to do so.
2.7 Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data (EEA and UK visitors only). If you are a website visitor located in the European Economic Area ("EEA") or United Kingdom ("UK"), HubSpot Ireland Limited is the data controller of your Personal Data. HubSpot's Data Protection Officer can be contacted
here
.
Our legal basis for collecting and using the Personal Data described above will depend on the Personal Data concerned and the specific context in which we collect it. However, we will normally collect Personal Data from you only where we have your consent to do so, where we need the Personal Data to perform a contract with you, or where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect Personal Data from you.
If we ask you to provide Personal Data to comply with a legal requirement or to perform a contract with you, we will make this clear at the relevant time and advise you whether the provision of your Personal Data is mandatory or not (as well as of the possible consequences if you do not provide your Personal Data). Similarly, if we collect and use your Personal Data in reliance on our legitimate interests (or those of any third party), we will make clear to you at the relevant time what those legitimate interests are.
3
. HOW WE SHARE PERSONAL DATA
3.1 Service Providers.
We may share Personal Data with our third party service providers to support our websites, products, and services. For example, we use service providers for data hosting, application development, marketing, sales support and customer support. We may need to share your information with service providers to provide information about products or services to you. Examples may include removing repetitive information from prospect lists, analyzing data or performing statistical analysis on your use of the Subscription Service or interactions on our websites, providing marketing assistance, processing credit card payments, supplementing the information you provide us in order to provide you with better service, developing and improving the product and services, and providing customer service or support. These service providers are prohibited from using your Personal Data except for these purposes, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information. In all cases where we share your information in this way, we explicitly require the third party service providers to acknowledge and adhere to our privacy and data protection policies and standards.
3.2 Partners. We may share your personal data with trusted HubSpot partners to: (i) contact you based on your communication preferences; (ii) help us perform statistical analysis; (iii) provide sales support; (iv) provide customer support; and (v) to improve our partner programs and Subscriptions Services. Partners are prohibited from using your Personal Data except for these purposes, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your data.
We also partner with trusted third parties to provide you with co-marketing content that we think may be relevant to you. When you engage with these co-marketing partners, we will tell you who we are sharing data with, and provide a link to the co-marketing partner’s privacy policy so you can learn more about their privacy practices and how to opt-out of the partner’s communications. You will always have a choice as to whether to disclose your Personal Information to our co-marketing partners. These co-marketing partners are required to adhere to our privacy and data protection policies. For more information on our co-marketing program, see
this page
.
3.3 Advertising Partners. We allow advertising networks to collect information about your interactions with our websites in order to deliver Hubspot’s personalized ads. We may also share Personal Data, such as your email address, with our advertising partners to deliver Hubspot’s personalized ads on other companies' sites or mobile apps.  You can opt out of having your data disclosed to our advertising partners through this
form
.
3.4 Corporate Events. If we (or our assets) are acquired by another company, whether by merger, acquisition, bankruptcy or otherwise, that company would receive all information gathered by HubSpot on the websites and the Subscription Service. In this event, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our website, of any change in ownership, uses of your Personal Data, and choices you may have regarding your Personal Data.
3.5 Public Forums. Our websites may offer publicly accessible message boards, blogs, and community forums (e.g., HubSpot Community, Connect.com, etc.). Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose any information through our public message boards, blogs, or forums (including profile information associated with the account you use to post the information) it may be read, collected and used by any member of the public who accesses these websites. Your posts and certain profile information may remain even after you terminate your account. We urge you to consider the sensitivity of any information you may disclose in this way. We will correct or delete any information you have posted on the websites if you so request, as described in the"Your Privacy Rights and Choices" section of this Privacy Notice. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your information; we will let you know if we are unable to and why, if permitted.
3.6 Compelled Disclosure. We reserve the right to use or disclose your Personal Data if required by law or if we reasonably believe that use or disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or comply with a law, court order, or legal process. If you use the Subscription Service, Customer Data is considered Confidential Information and you should review the Confidentiality terms in the
Customer Terms of Service
for more information. HubSpot shares data about requests for customer information, to learn more see our
Data Disclosure and Transparency Report
.
3.7 HubSpot, Other Companies, and Affiliates. We may share your Personal Data with our current and future parents, Affiliates, subsidiaries, and other entities under common control and ownership to the extent necessary to fulfill your request or for other purposes permitted under this Privacy Policy.
3.8 HubSpot Customers in Connection with Our Enrichment Products. We may share Personal Data about individuals in our commercial dataset with our customers that use our enrichment products. Customers may use this information for their sales and marketing activities. We rely on our legitimate interests, as well as those of our customers, to collect and share data for the purposes listed. HubSpot’s and our customers’ legitimate interests are not more important than your privacy rights, and we process your data on the basis that people would expect their work-related data to be shared in this way. See the “Information We Collect and Process In Connection With Our Enrichment Products” section for more information.
4
. HOW WE TRANSFER PERSONAL DATA INTERNATIONALLY
4.1 International Transfers within the HubSpot Group. To facilitate our global operations, we may transfer information that may include Personal Data to other HubSpot Affiliates who act as subprocessors, where we have operations for the purposes described in this policy. Please see
Annex 3 of our Customer Data Processing Agreement
for a list of impacted HubSpot Affiliates and their locations.
This Privacy Policy will apply even if we transfer Personal Data to other countries. We have taken appropriate safeguards to require that your Personal Data will remain protected wherever it is transferred. When we share Personal Data of individuals in the European Economic Area ("EEA"), Switzerland or the United Kingdom ("UK") within and among HubSpot’s Affiliates, we rely upon the the Standard Contractual Clauses (approved by the European Commission and Swiss authorities) and UK Addendum to the Standard Contractual Clauses (approved by the UK authorities) where required.  We also have additional safeguards where appropriate (such as commercial industry standard secure encryption methods to protect customer data at rest and in transit, TLS for HubSpot hosted sites, web application firewall protection, and other appropriate contractual and organizational measures), as described more in detail in the
HubSpot Trust Center
.
4.2 International Transfers to Third Parties. Some of the third parties described in this Privacy Policy, which provide services to us under contract, are based in other countries that may not have equivalent privacy and data protection laws to the country in which you reside. When we share Personal Data of individuals in the EEA, Switzerland or UK with third parties, we use a variety of legal mechanisms to safeguard the transfer including the European Commission-approved Data Privacy Framework Standard Contractual Clauses, as well as additional safeguards where appropriate. For transfers to or from the United Kingdom, we make use of the UK Addendum. For transfers to or from Canada, we make use of the standard contractual clauses. With respect to personal data received from or transferred to Canada, HubSpot is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the Office of the Privacy Commissioner of Canada. Please contact us if you need more information about the legal mechanisms we rely on to transfer personal data outside the EEA, Switzerland, Canada, and UK.
4.3 Data Privacy Framework Notice. HubSpot complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“EU-U.S. DPF”), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“Swiss-U.S. DPF”) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce (collectively “the Data Privacy Framework”).
HubSpot has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-US DPF Principles with regard to the processing of Personal Data received from the European Union, and the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) and to the Swiss-US DPF Principles with regard to the processing of Personal Data received from Switzerland. If there is any conflict between this Privacy Policy and the DPF Principles, the DPF Principles will govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
If you are located in the EU, UK or Switzerland, you have the right to request access to the Personal Data that we hold about you and request that we correct, amend or delete your Personal Data if it is inaccurate or processed in violation of the DPF Principles. We will give you an opportunity to opt out where Personal Data we control about you is to be disclosed to an independent third party or used for a purpose that is materially different from those set out in this Privacy Policy. If you would like to exercise any of your rights, please contact us via the details provided below.
In compliance with the DPF Principles, HubSpot commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your Personal Data. EU, UK and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of Personal Data received in reliance on the DPF Principles should first contact HubSpot at
privacy@hubspot.com
. We will investigate and attempt to resolve any DPF Principles-related complaints within 45 days.
In compliance with the Data Privacy Framework, HubSpot commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the Data Privacy Framework to an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of TRUSTe Dispute Resolution, are provided at no cost to you.
Under certain conditions, more fully described on the DPF website, you may be entitled to invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted. The U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC) has jurisdiction over HubSpot’s compliance with the DPF Principles. HubSpot is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the FTC.
In the context of an onward transfer, HubSpot is responsible for the processing of Personal Data it receives under the DPF Principles and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on our behalf. HubSpot will remain liable under the DPF Principles if our agent processes your Personal Data in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless HubSpot is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
Please note that under certain circumstances, we may be required to disclose your Personal Data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
5. HOW WE STORE AND SECURE PERSONAL DATA
5.1 Data Storage and Security. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. We secure the Personal Data you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. All Personal Data is protected using appropriate physical, technical and organizational measures. For more on Security at HubSpot, please see
https://trust.hubspot.com/
.
5.2 Retention of Personal Data. How long we keep information we collect about you depends on the type of information and how we collect and store it. After a reasonable period of time, we will either delete or anonymize your information or, if this is not possible, then we will securely store your information and isolate it from any further use until deletion is possible.
We retain Personal Data that you provide to us where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, as needed to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements).
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your Personal Data, we securely delete the information or anonymize it or, if this is not possible, securely store your Personal Data and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible. We will delete this information at an earlier date if you so request, as described in the "Privacy Rights and Choices" section.
If you have elected to receive marketing communications from us, we retain information about your marketing preferences for a reasonable period of time from the date you last expressed interest in our content, products, or services, such as when you last opened an email from us or ceased using your HubSpot account.  We retain information derived from cookies and other tracking technologies for a reasonable period of time from the date such information was created.
The data we process on behalf of customers connection with the Subscription Service is stored and secured according to the
HubSpot Customer Terms of Service
and Customer
Data Processing Agreement
.
6. COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES
6.1 Cookies. When you visit our websites, sign up for a HubSpot account, attend a HubSpot virtual event, or request more information about HubSpot, we collect information automatically using tracking technologies, like cookies and tracking pixels. For more information, and to learn how to opt out, please refer to our
Cookie Policy
.
HubSpot may use cookies or similar technologies (such as web beacons and JavaScript) to analyze trends, administer the website, monitor how visitors navigate around the websites, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. To find out more about how we use cookies on our websites and how to manage your cookie preferences please see the
HubSpot Cookie Policy
as updated by us from time-to-time, without additional notice.
6.2 Advertising. We partner with third party ad networks to display advertising on our website or to manage our advertising on other sites. Our ad network partner uses cookies and web beacons to collect information about your activities on this and other websites to provide you targeted advertising based upon your interests.  If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you targeted ads, you may opt-out by using these services:
https://optout.networkadvertising.org/
or
https://optout.aboutads.info/
(or if located in the European Union, by clicking here:
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
). Please note this does not opt you out of being served advertising you will continue to receive generic ads.
7. YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS AND CHOICES
7.1 Personal Data Requests. Depending on your location and applicable laws, you may have the following data protection rights:
(i) Access, Correction or Deletion. You can request access, correction, updates or deletion of your Personal Data.
(ii) Objection or Restriction. You can object to our processing of your Personal Data, ask us to restrict processing of your Personal Data or request portability of your Personal Data.
(iii) Withdraw Consent. If we have collected and processed your Personal Data with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your Personal Data conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
To exercise any of these rights:
(i) for HubSpot, including our websites and product or services, please use
this form
;
(ii) for the Hustle, please contact us at
privacy@thehustle.co
.
If you’d like your information to be removed from our commercial dataset, or would like to opt out from the sharing of your Personal Data for our advertising and marketing activities, please fill out
this form
.
For all HubSpot brands (including the Hustle), you may also write to us by mail at HubSpot, Inc., Two Canal Park, Cambridge, MA 02141 USA, Attn: Privacy and Data Protection Officer.
Please note that to protect Personal Data, we may verify your identity by a method appropriate to the type of request you are making. Depending on where you reside, you may be entitled to empower an “authorized agent” to submit requests on your behalf. We will require authorized agents to confirm their identity and authority, in accordance with applicable laws. You are entitled to exercise the rights described above free from discrimination.
We will respond to your request to change, correct, or delete your data within a reasonable timeframe and notify you of the action we have taken. In some instances, your rights may be limited, such as where fulfilling your request would impair the rights of others, our ability to provide a service you have requested, or our ability to comply with our legal obligations and enforce our legal rights. Depending on your location, and applicable laws, you may have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data. Contact details for data protection authorities in the EEA are available on the European Data Protection Board member page
here
.
If you are a customer, prospect, or otherwise interact with a HubSpot customer that uses our Subscription Service and would like to access, correct, amend or delete your data controlled by the customer, please contact the relevant customer directly. HubSpot acts as a processor for our customers in most cases and will work with our customers to fulfill these requests when applicable.
7.2 Anti-Spam Policy. Our
Acceptable Use Policy
applies to us and to our customers and, among other things, prohibits use of the Subscription Service to send unsolicited commercial email in violation of applicable laws, and requires the inclusion in every email sent using the Subscription Service of an "opt-out" mechanism and other required information. We require all of our customers to agree to adhere to the Acceptable Use Policy at all times, and any violations of the Acceptable Use Policy by a customer can result in immediate suspension or termination of the Subscription Service.
7.3 To Unsubscribe From Our Communications. You may unsubscribe from our marketing communications through the following methods:
(i) by clicking on the "unsubscribe" link located on the bottom of our e-mails;
(ii) updating your communication preferences;
(iii) for HubSpot, by contacting us on the
HubSpot Privacy Request Form
;
(iv) for the Hustle by contacting us at
privacy@thehustle.co
; or
(v) for all HubSpot brands (including the Hustle) write to us by mail at HubSpot, Inc., Two Canal Park, Cambridge, MA 02141 USA, Attn: Privacy and Data Protection Officer.
Customers cannot opt out of receiving transactional emails related to their HubSpot Account or the Subscription Service.
7.4 To Unsubscribe From Our Customers' Communications. Our customers are solely responsible for their own marketing emails and other communications; we cannot unsubscribe you from their communications. Individuals who interact with a HubSpot customer can unsubscribe from our customers' marketing communications by clicking on the "unsubscribe" link located on the bottom of their emails, or by contacting them directly.
8. CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
8.1 Applicability. This section applies only to California consumers. For purposes of this section "Personal Information" has the meaning given in the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”). It describes how we collect, use, and share California consumers' Personal Information in our role as a business, and the rights applicable to such residents.
If you are unable to access this Privacy Policy due to a disability or any physical or mental impairment, please contact us and we will arrange to supply you with the information you need in an alternative format that you can access.
8.2 How We Collect, Use, and Disclose Your Personal Information. We have collected the following statutory categories of Personal Information in the past twelve (12) months:
(i) Identifiers, such as name, e-mail address, mailing address, and phone number. We collect this information directly from you or from third party sources.
(ii) Commercial information, such as subscription records. We collect this information directly from you.
(iii) Internet or network information, such as browsing and search history. We collect this information directly from your device.
(iv) Geolocation data, such as IP address. We collect this information from your device.
(v) Financial information, such as Payment Information or financial account numbers in the process of providing you with a subscription. We collect this information from you.
(vi) Professional data, such as your job title and company.
(vii) Other Personal Data, in instances when you interact with us online, by phone or mail in the context of receiving help through our help desks or other support channels; participation in customer surveys or contests; or in providing the Subscription Service.
(viii) Inferences drawn from any of the above categories, alone or in combination.
The business and commercial purposes for which we collect this information are described in this Privacy Policy. The categories of third parties to whom we "disclose" this information for a business purpose are described in the “How We Share Personal Data” section of this Privacy Policy. The period of time for which we retain this information is described in the “How We Store and Secure Personal Data” section of this Privacy Policy.
In the preceding 12 months, we have “sold” or “shared” (as defined under the CCPA) certain information, including identifiers, to our advertising partners. We have also “sold” or “shared” certain information, including identifiers, approximate location data, and professional data to our customers.
8.3 Your California Rights. You have certain rights regarding the Personal Information we collect or maintain about you. Please note these rights are not absolute, and there may be cases when we decline your request as permitted by law. These rights include:
(i) The right of access means that you have the right to request that we disclose what Personal Data we have collected and maintained about you in the past 12 months.
(ii) The right of deletion means that you have the right to request that we delete Personal Data collected or maintained by us, subject to certain exceptions.
(iii) The right of correction means that you have the right to request that we correct any inaccurate Personal Data that we maintain about you.
(iv) The right to request information concerning the categories of Personal Data (if any) that we disclose to third parties or affiliates for their direct marketing purposes.
(v) The right to limit the use of sensitive personal information means that you have the right to direct businesses to only use your sensitive personal information for limited purposes. We only collect sensitive personal information (such as your payment information), as defined by applicable laws for the purposes allowed by law or with your consent. We do not collect or process sensitive personal information for the purpose of inferring characteristics about you.
(vi) The right to appeal means that you can appeal any decision by us to deny your privacy rights under applicable laws.
(vii) The right to non-discrimination means that you will not receive any discriminatory treatment when you exercise one of your privacy rights.
We respond to all appeal requests as soon as we reasonably can, and no later than legally required.
8.4 How to Exercise Your California Rights. You can exercise your rights yourself or you can alternatively designate an authorized agent to exercise these rights on your behalf. Please note that to protect your Personal Data, we will verify your identity by a method appropriate to the type of request you are making. Depending on your request, we will ask for information such as your name and your email address. We may also request that your authorized agent have written permission from you to make requests on your behalf, and we may also need to verify your authorized agent's identity to protect your Personal Data. We may deny a request from an agent that does not submit proof that they have been authorized to act on your behalf.
We will respond within the time frame permitted by applicable law. Please note that we may charge a reasonable fee for multiple requests in the same 12-month period, as permitted by law.
Please use the contact details below, or see the  "Your Privacy Rights and Choices" section above, if you would like to:
(i) Access this policy in an alternative format;
(ii) Exercise any of your rights described above;
(iii) Learn more about your rights or our privacy practices; or
(iv) Designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf.
8.5 Right to Opt Out of "Sale" or "Sharing". HubSpot collects data from publicly available sources or other third-party sources and discloses that information to our customers who purchase our enrichment products. This may be considered a “sale” or “sharing” under certain state privacy laws, such as the CCPA. Please see the "Information We Collect and Process in connection with our enrichment products” section for more information.
We may also "share" your Personal Data, as defined under the CCPA , with third party advertising partners to deliver personalized ads on HubSpot's behalf on other companies' sites or mobile apps. Please see the  "Advertising Partners" section for more information.
If you’d like your information to be removed from our commercial dataset, or would like to opt out from the "sharing" of your Personal Data for our advertising and marketing activities, please fill out
this form
.
You can also control the personalized advertising you see by using these services:
https://optout.networkadvertising.org/
or
https://optout.aboutads.info
/ (or if located in the European Union, by clicking here:
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
). Please note this does not opt you out of being served advertising and you will continue to receive generic ads.
We do not knowingly “sell” or “share” Personal Data of children under 16 years of age.
9. OTHER IMPORTANT PRIVACY INFORMATION
9.1 Information About Children. HubSpot's websites, products, and services are not intended for or targeted at children under 16, and we do not knowingly or intentionally collect Personal Data about children under 16. If you believe that we have collected Personal Data about a child under 16, please contact us
here
, so that we may delete the information.
9.1.1 Children's Information In the Subscription Service. Our product, or the Subscription Service, allows our customers to collect children's information, which may be included in Customer Data, under our
Customer Terms of Service
. For more information about how we process data on behalf of our customers as a processor, review the 'Information We Process on Behalf of Customers When They Use the Subscription Service’ subsection of this privacy policy.
9.2 Third Party Dispute Resolution. If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
.
10. GOOGLE PRODUCTS AND INTEGRATIONS
10.1 Google reCAPTCHA. We have implemented Google reCAPTCHA Enterprise on certain products and services to prevent malicious software from engaging in abusive activities on our websites. You can learn more about data collected by Google and what this data is used for in
Google's Privacy Policy
. Additional information on Google services and products is available in
Google's Terms of Service
.
10.2 Gmail Integration. If you use the Gmail integration or choose to integrate any other Google Workspace application with HubSpot, you will be asked to give us access to information from your Gmail or Google account.
By using the Gmail integration with the Subscription Service you will grant the Subscription Service access to information associated with your account, including contacts, emails, calendar, distribution lists, subject lines, and URLs of tracked links from your email, if you use the email tracking functionality. In addition, the Subscription Service will be able to read, modify, create, and send emails from your connected Gmail account. The Subscription Service will scan the content of your emails to identify which emails you have elected to track in order to provide you with the notifications feature. The Subscription Service will store replies, outgoing mail, email headers, subject line, distribution lists, aliases, time sent, and email bodies. Your email may contain sensitive, private, or highly confidential information, such as names of your contacts, your private communications, or financial or medical information. You understand that the correspondences you track will be visible to other users on your Subscription team. Google Workspace APIs are not used to develop, improve, or train generalized AI and/or ML models.
If you connect your Gmail account via IMAP (or Generic Inbox Connection), the Subscription Service will have access only to email address, password, server information, email metadata, and message bodies. Additionally, connecting your Gmail account via IMAP does not require you to connect any other Google Workspace applications.
HubSpot Terms Tip: You can learn more about how we access this data in the "
Connect your personal email
" knowledge base article.
10.3 Additional Limits on Use of Your Google User Data. HubSpot's use and transfer to any other app of information received from Google APIs will adhere to the
Google API Services User Data Policy
, including the Limited Use requirements.
10.4 Google Calendar Integration. The Subscription Service will have access to both your Google Calendar and any other calendar you access via Google in order to power our Meetings tool, and allow you to associate events with contacts in your HubSpot account. The Subscription Service will have the ability to: create or change your calendars, and update individual calendar events.
10.5 Google Drive Integration. As part of connecting your Google Drive, the Subscription Service will be able to: see your files, upload and download your files, and store file contents and titles. The Subscription Service uses these permissions to power the features of our Composer and Collect tools, allowing you to create drafts of blog posts in Drive and then upload directly for publishing.
10.6 Google Search Console. You can integrate your Google Search Console with our Content Management System (CMS) and our Marketing Hub product. As part of this integration, the Subscription Service will be able to view, manage and store properties which include the list of sites and domains you control in HubSpot and the Search Console data for your connected properties.
10.7 Chrome Extensions.
10.7.1 Sales Extension. You can install the HubSpot Sales Chrome Extension to track Gmail and Google Workspace emails through your Chrome browser. Once installed, the Extension can read and change all your data on the websites you visit and display notifications. It logs all emails from Gmail and can be used in conjunction with the Inbox Integration.
10.7.2 Collect Extension. The Collect Extension integrates with your Google Drive, allowing you to upload files and text directly from your Chrome Browser into your drive. These files will then be available for your use through the Google Drive integration.
10.7.3 Social Extension. The HubSpot Social Chrome Extension allows sharing of pages, text, and images from around the web with the HubSpot Social Composer tool. You are able to draft or schedule posts, assign campaigns, and then see posts on the Social Calendar tool or in Social Reports once published.
HubSpot Terms Tip: The Social Extension only accesses information about the current page, after its toolbar button is clicked, utilizing the permissions granted at this ''
Install and use the HubSpot Social Chrome extension
" knowledge base article.
10.8 YouTube Integration. If you are a HubSpot Customer and choose to use the YouTube integration with your HubSpot Subscription Services, you will be asked to give us access to information from your YouTube account and have the option to link your accounts.
By using the YouTube integration with the Subscription Service you grant the HubSpot Subscription Service access to information associated with your YouTube account. The Subscription Service will scan the content of your YouTube account to identify content you have elected to track in order to provide you with features in the Subscription Services. The Subscription Service will store information from your YouTube account. You understand that the information from your YouTube Account you track in the Subscription Services may be visible to other Users within your HubSpot Account.
Your use of HubSpot’s YouTube integration is subject to the YouTube Terms of Service available at
https://www.youtube.com/t/terms
and the Google Privacy Policy available at
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy
.
In addition to the typical data deletion functionality supported in the Subscription Services, Customers may have the option to revoke the YouTube integration from your HubSpot account, in the Google security settings page at
https://security.google.com/settings/security/permissions
.
HubSpot Terms Tip: You can learn more about how we access information or remove access to your Google account by following the steps in the "
Remove access to HubSpot in your Google account
" knowledge base article.
11. CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices, or if you have a disability and need to access this notice in a different format:
(i) for HubSpot contact us on our
Privacy Request Form
;
(ii) for the Hustle please contact us at
privacy@thehustle.co
; or
(iii) You may also contact us by postal mail for all HubSpot brands at:
Attn: Privacy and Data Protection Officer
HubSpot, Inc.
Two Canal Park
Cambridge, MA 02141 USA
Sub-policy 4
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy:
Skip to main content
LinkedIn respects your privacy
LinkedIn and 3rd parties use essential and non-essential cookies to provide, secure, analyze and improve our Services, and to show you relevant ads (including
professional and job ads
) on and off LinkedIn. Learn more in our
Cookie Policy
.
Select Accept to consent or Reject to decline non-essential cookies for this use. You can update your choices at any time in your
settings
.
Accept
Reject
Privacy Policy
Effective September 18, 2024
LinkedIn's global Privacy Policy below applies worldwide. If you're located in the EU, EEA, UK, or Switzerland, you can review additional information that will apply to you in our
European Regional Privacy Notice
.
Your Privacy Matters
LinkedIn’s mission is to connect the world’s professionals to allow them to be more productive and successful. Central to this mission is our commitment to be transparent about the data we collect about you, how it is used and with whom it is shared.
This Privacy Policy applies when you use our Services (described below). We offer our users
choices
about the data we collect, use and share as described in this Privacy Policy,
Cookie Policy
, Settings and our
Help Center.
Choices
﻿
Settings
are available to Members of LinkedIn and Visitors are provided separate controls.
Learn More
.
Table of Contents
Data We Collect
How We Use Your Data
How We Share Information
Your Choices and Obligations
Other Important Information
Introduction
We are a social network and online platform for professionals. People use our Services to find and be found for business opportunities, to connect with others and find information. Our Privacy Policy applies to any Member or Visitor to our Services.
Our registered users (“Members”) share their professional identities, engage with their network, exchange knowledge and professional insights, post and view relevant content, learn and develop skills, and find business and career opportunities. Content and data on some of our Services is viewable to non-Members (“Visitors”).
We use the term “Designated Countries” to refer to countries in the European Union (EU), European Economic Area (EEA), and Switzerland. Members and Visitors located in the Designated Countries or the UK can review additional information in our
European Regional Privacy Notice
.
Services
This Privacy Policy, including our Cookie Policy applies to your use of our Services.
This Privacy Policy applies to LinkedIn.com, LinkedIn-branded apps, and other LinkedIn-branded sites, apps, communications and services offered by LinkedIn (“Services”), including off-site Services, such as our ad services and the “Apply with LinkedIn” and “Share with LinkedIn” plugins, but excluding services that state that they are offered under a different privacy policy. For California residents, additional disclosures required by California law may be found in our
California Privacy Disclosure
.
Data Controllers and Contracting Parties
If you are in the “Designated Countries”, LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company (“LinkedIn Ireland”) will be the controller of your personal data provided to, or collected by or for, or processed in connection with our Services.
If you are outside of the Designated Countries, LinkedIn Corporation will be the controller of (or business responsible for) your personal data provided to, or collected by or for, or processed in connection with our Services.
As a Visitor or Member of our Services, the collection, use and sharing of your personal data is subject to this Privacy Policy and other documents referenced in this Privacy Policy, as well as updates.
Change
Changes to the Privacy Policy apply to your use of our Services after the “effective date.”
LinkedIn (“we” or “us”) can modify this Privacy Policy, and if we make material changes to it, we will provide notice through our Services, or by other means, to provide you the opportunity to review the changes before they become effective. If you object to any changes, you may
close your account.
You acknowledge that your continued use of our Services after we publish or send a notice about our changes to this Privacy Policy means that the collection, use and sharing of your personal data is subject to the updated Privacy Policy, as of its effective date.
1. Data We Collect
1.1 Data You Provide To Us
You provide data to create an account with us.
Registration
To create an account you need to provide data including your name, email address and/or mobile number, general location (e.g., city), and a password. If you register for a premium Service, you will need to provide payment (e.g., credit card) and billing information.
You create your LinkedIn profile (a complete profile helps you get the most from our Services).
Profile
You have
choices
about the information on your profile, such as your education, work experience, skills, photo,
city or area
, endorsements, and optional
verifications
of information on your profile (such as verifications of your identity or workplace). You don’t have to provide additional information on your profile; however, profile information helps you to get more from our Services, including helping recruiters and business opportunities find you. It’s your choice whether to include
sensitive information
on your profile and to make that sensitive information public. Please do not post or add personal data to your profile that you would not want to be publicly available.
You may give other data to us, such as by syncing your calendar.
Posting and Uploading
We collect personal data from you when you provide, post or upload it to our Services, such as when you fill out a form, (e.g., with demographic data or salary), respond to a survey, or submit a resume or fill out a job application on our Services.
If you sync your calendars with our Services, we will collect your calendar meeting information to keep growing your network by suggesting connections for you and others, and by providing information about events, e.g. times, places, attendees and contacts.
You don’t have to post or upload personal data; though if you don’t, it may limit your ability to grow and engage with your network over our Services.
1.2 Data From Others
Others may post or write about you.
Content and News
You and others may post content that includes information about you (as part of articles, posts, comments, videos) on our Services. We also may collect public information about you, such as professional-related news and accomplishments, and make it available as part of our Services, including, as permitted by your settings, in notifications to others of
mentions in the news
.
Others may sync their calendar with our Services
Contact and Calendar Information
We receive personal data (including contact information) about you when others import or sync their calendar with our Services, associate their contacts with Member profiles, scan and upload business cards, or send messages using our Services (including invites or connection requests). If you or others opt-in to sync email accounts with our Services, we will also collect “email header” information that we can associate with Member profiles.
Customers and partners may provide data to us.
Partners
We receive personal data (e.g., your job title and work email address) about you when you use the services of our customers and partners, such as employers or prospective employers and applicant tracking systems providing us job application data.
Related Companies and Other Services
We receive data about you when you use some of the other services provided by us or our
Affiliates
, including Microsoft. For example, you may choose to send us information about your contacts in Microsoft apps and services, such as Outlook, for improved professional networking activities on our Services
1.3 Service Use
We log your visits and use of our Services, including mobile apps.
We log usage data when you visit or otherwise use our Services, including our sites, app and platform technology, such as when you view or click on content (e.g., learning video) or ads (on or off our sites and apps), perform a search, install or update one of our mobile apps, share articles or apply for jobs. We use log-ins, cookies,
device information
and internet protocol (“IP”) addresses to identify you and log your use.
1.4 Cookies and Similar Technologies
We collect data through cookies and similar technologies.
As further described in our
Cookie Policy
, we use cookies and similar technologies (e.g., pixels and ad tags) to collect data (e.g., device IDs) to recognize you and your device(s) on, off and across different services and devices where you have engaged with our Services. We also allow some others to use cookies as described in our Cookie Policy. If you are outside the Designated Countries, we also collect (or rely on others who collect) information about your device where you have not engaged with our Services (e.g., ad ID, IP address, operating system and browser information) so we can provide our Members with relevant ads and better understand their effectiveness.
Learn more
. You can
opt out
from our use of data from cookies and similar technologies that track your behavior on the sites of others for ad targeting and other ad-related purposes. For Visitors,
the controls are
here
.
1.5 Your Device and Location
We receive data through cookies and similar technologies
When you visit or leave our Services (including some plugins and our cookies or similar technology on the sites of others), we receive the URL of both the site you came from and the one you go to and the time of your visit. We also get information about your network and device (e.g., IP address, proxy server, operating system, web browser and add-ons, device identifier and features, cookie IDs and/or ISP, or your mobile carrier). If you use our Services from a mobile device, that device will send us data about your location based on your phone settings. We will ask you to opt-in before we use GPS or other tools to identify your precise location.
1.6 Communications
If you communicate through our Services, we learn about that.
We collect information about you when you communicate with others through our Services (e.g., when you send, receive, or engage with messages, events, or connection requests, including our marketing communications). This may include information that indicates who you are communicating with and when. We also use
automated systems
to support and protect our site. For example, we use such systems to suggest possible responses to messages and to manage or block content that violates our User Agreement or
Professional Community Policies
.
1.7 Workplace and School Provided Information
When your organization (e.g., employer or school) buys a premium Service for you to use, they give us data about you.
Others buying our Services for your use, such as your employer or your school, provide us with personal data about you and your eligibility to use the Services that they purchase for use by their workers, students or alumni. For example, we will get contact information for “
LinkedIn Page
” (formerly Company Page) administrators and for authorizing users of our premium Services, such as our recruiting, sales or learning products.
1.8 Sites and Services of Others
We get data when you visit sites that include our ads, cookies or plugins or when you log-in to others’ services with your LinkedIn account.
We receive information about your visits and interaction with services provided by others when you log-in with LinkedIn or visit others’ services that include some of our plugins (such as “Apply with LinkedIn”) or our ads, cookies or similar technologies.
1.9 Other
We are improving our Services, which means we get new data and create new ways to use data.
Our Services are dynamic, and we often introduce new features, which may require the collection of new information. If we collect materially different personal data or materially change how we collect, use or share your data, we will notify you and may also modify this Privacy Policy.
Affiliates
Affiliates are companies controlling, controlled by or under common control with us, including, for example, LinkedIn Ireland, LinkedIn Corporation, LinkedIn Singapore and Microsoft Corporation.
2. How We Use Your Data
We use your data to provide, support, personalize and develop our Services.
How we use your personal data will depend on which Services you use, how you use those Services and the choices you make in your
settings
. We may use your personal data to improve, develop, and provide products and Services, develop and train artificial intelligence (AI) models, develop, provide, and personalize our Services, and gain insights with the help of AI, automated systems, and inferences, so that our Services can be more relevant and useful to you and others. You can review LinkedIn's Responsible AI principles
here
and learn more about our approach to generative AI
here
.
Learn more
about the inferences we may make, including as to
your age and gender
and how we use them.
2.1 Services
Our Services help you connect with others, find and be found for work and business opportunities, stay informed, get training and be more productive.
We use your data to authorize access to our Services and honor your settings.
Stay Connected
Our Services allow you to stay in touch and up to date with colleagues, partners, clients, and other professional contacts. To do so, you can “connect” with the professionals who you choose, and who also wish to “connect” with you. Subject to your and their
settings
, when you connect with other Members, you will be able to search each others’ connections in order to exchange professional opportunities.
We use data about you (such as your profile, profiles you have viewed or data provided through address book uploads or partner integrations) to help others find your profile, suggest connections for you and others (e.g. Members who share your contacts or job experiences) and enable you to invite others to become a Member and connect with you. You can also opt-in to allow us to use your precise location or proximity to others for certain tasks (e.g. to suggest other nearby Members for you to connect with, calculate the commute to a new job, or notify your connections that you are at a professional event).
It is your choice whether to invite someone to our Services, send a connection request, or allow another Member to become your connection. When you invite someone to connect with you, your invitation will include your network and basic profile information (e.g., name, profile photo, job title, region). We will send invitation reminders to the person you invited. You can
choose
whether or not to share your own list of connections with your connections.
Visitors have
choices
about how we use their data.
Stay Informed
Our Services allow you to stay informed about news, events and ideas regarding professional topics you care about, and from professionals you respect. Our Services also allow you to improve your professional skills, or learn new ones. We use the data we have about you (e.g., data you provide, data we collect from your engagement with our Services and inferences we make from the data we have about you), to personalize our Services for you, such as by recommending or ranking relevant content and conversations on our Services. We also use the data we have about you to suggest skills you could add to your profile and skills that you might need to pursue your next opportunity. So, if you let us know that you are interested in a new skill (e.g., by watching a learning video), we will use this information to personalize content in your feed, suggest that you follow certain Members on our site, or suggest related learning content to help you towards that new skill. We use your content, activity and other data, including your name and photo, to provide notices to your network and others. For example, subject to your
settings
, we may notify others that you have updated your profile, posted content, took a
social action
, used a feature, made new connections or were
mentioned in the news
.
Career
Our Services allow you to explore careers, evaluate educational opportunities, and seek out, and be found for, career opportunities. Your profile can be found by those looking to hire (for a job or a
specific task
) or be hired by you. We will use your data to recommend jobs and show you and others relevant professional contacts (e.g., who work at a company, in an industry, function or location or have certain skills and connections). You can signal that you are
interested
in changing jobs and share information with recruiters. We will use your data to recommend jobs to you and you to recruiters. We may use automated systems to provide content and recommendations to help make our Services more relevant to our Members, Visitors and customers. Keeping your profile accurate and up-to-date may help you better connect to others and to opportunities through our Services.
Productivity
Our Services allow you to collaborate with colleagues, search for potential clients, customers, partners and others to do business with. Our Services allow you to communicate with other Members and schedule and prepare meetings with them. If your
settings
allow, we scan messages to provide “bots” or similar tools that facilitate tasks such as scheduling meetings, drafting responses, summarizing messages or recommending next steps.
Learn more
.
2.2 Premium Services
Our premium Services help paying users to search for and contact Members through our Services, such as searching for and contacting job candidates, sales leads and co-workers, manage talent and promote content.
We sell premium Services that provide our customers and subscribers with customized-search functionality and tools (including messaging and activity alerts) as part of our talent, marketing and sales solutions. Customers can export limited information from your profile, such as name, headline, current company, current title, and general location (e.g., Dublin), such as to manage sales leads or talent, unless you
opt-out
. We do not provide contact information to customers as part of these premium Services without your consent. Premium Services customers can store information they have about you in our premium Services, such as a resume or contact information or sales history. The data stored about you by these customers is subject to the policies of those customers. Other enterprise Services and features that use your data include
TeamLink
and
LinkedIn Pages
(e.g., content analytics and followers).
2.3 Communications
We contact you and enable communications between Members. We offer settings to control what messages you receive and how often you receive some types of messages.
We will contact you through email, mobile phone, notices posted on our websites or apps, messages to your LinkedIn inbox, and other ways through our Services, including text messages and push notifications. We will send you messages about the availability of our Services, security, or other service-related issues. We also send messages about how to use our Services, network updates, reminders, job suggestions and promotional messages from us and our partners. You may change your communication
preferences
at any time. Please be aware that you cannot opt out of receiving service messages from us, including security and legal notices.
We also enable
communications
between you and others through our Services, including for example
invitations
,
InMail
,
groups
and
messages
between connections.
2.4 Advertising
We serve you tailored ads both on and off our Services. We offer you choices regarding personalized ads, but you cannot opt-out of seeing non-personalized ads.
We target (and measure the performance of) ads to Members, Visitors and others both on and off our Services directly or through a variety of partners, using the following data, whether separately or combined:
Data collected by advertising technologies on and off our Services using pixels, ad tags (e.g., when an advertiser installs a LinkedIn
tag
on their website), cookies, and other device identifiers;
Member-provided information (e.g., profile, contact information, title and industry);
Data from your use of our Services (e.g., search history, feed, content you read, who you follow or is following you, connections,
groups
participation, page visits, videos you watch, clicking on an ad, etc.), including as described in Section 1.3;
Information from advertising
partners
, vendors and
publishers
; and
Information inferred from data described above (e.g., using job titles from a profile to infer industry, seniority, and compensation bracket; using graduation dates to infer age or using first names or pronoun usage to infer gender; using your feed activity to infer your interests; or using device data to recognize you as a Member).
Learn more
about the inferences we make and how they may be used for advertising.
Learn more
about the ad technologies we use and our advertising services and partners. You can learn more about our compliance with laws in the Designated Countries or the UK in our
European Regional Privacy Notice
.
We will show you ads called
sponsored content
which look similar to non-sponsored content, except that they are labeled as advertising (e.g., as “ad” or “sponsored”). If you take a social action (such as like, comment or share) on these ads, your action is associated with your name and viewable by others, including the advertiser. Subject to your
settings
, if you take a social action on the LinkedIn Services, that action may be mentioned with related ads. For example, when you like a company we may include your name and photo when their sponsored content is shown.
Ad Choices
You have choices regarding our uses of certain categories of data to show you more relevant ads. Member settings
can be found here
. For Visitors,
the setting is here
.
Info to Ad Providers
We do not share your personal data with any third-party advertisers or ad networks except for: (i) hashed IDs or device identifiers (to the extent they are personal data in some countries); (ii) with your separate permission (e.g., in a lead generation form) or (iii) data already visible to any users of the Services (e.g., profile). However, if you view or click on an ad on or off our Services, the ad provider will get a signal that someone visited the page that displayed the ad, and they may, through the use of mechanisms such as cookies, determine it is you. Advertising partners can associate personal data collected by the advertiser directly from you with hashed IDs or device identifiers received from us. We seek to contractually require such advertising partners to obtain your explicit, opt-in consent before doing so where legally required, and in such instances, we take steps to ensure that consent has been provided before processing data from them.
2.5 Marketing
We promote our Services to you and others.
In addition to advertising our Services, we use Members’ data and content for invitations and communications promoting membership and network growth, engagement and our Services, such as by showing your connections that you have used a feature on our Services.
2.6 Developing Services and Research
We develop our Services and conduct research
Service Development
We use data, including public feedback, to conduct
research
and development for our Services in order to provide you and others with a better, more intuitive and personalized experience, drive membership growth and engagement on our Services, and help connect professionals to each other and to economic opportunity.
Other Research
We seek to create economic opportunity for Members of the global workforce and to help them be more productive and successful. We use the personal data available to us to research social, economic and workplace trends, such as jobs availability and skills needed for these
jobs
and policies that help bridge the gap in various industries and geographic areas. In some cases, we work with trusted third parties to perform this research, under
controls
that are designed to protect your privacy. We may also make public data available to
researchers
to enable assessment of the safety and legal compliance of our Services. We publish or allow others to publish economic insights, presented as aggregated data rather than personal data.
Surveys
Polls and surveys are conducted by us and others through our Services. You are not obligated to respond to polls or surveys, and you have choices about the information you provide. You may
opt-out
of survey invitations.
2.7 Customer Support
We use data to help you and fix problems.
We use data (which can include your communications) to investigate, respond to and resolve complaints and for Service issues (e.g., bugs).
2.8 Insights That Do Not Identify You
We use data to generate insights that do not identify you.
We use your
data
to perform analytics to produce and share insights that do not identify you. For example, we may use your data to generate statistics about our Members, their profession or industry, to calculate ad impressions served or clicked on (e.g., for basic business reporting to support billing and budget management or, subject to your
settings
, for reports to advertisers who may use them to inform their advertising campaigns), to show Members' information about engagement with a
post
or LinkedIn
Page
, to publish visitor demographics for a Service or create demographic workforce insights, or to understand usage of our services.
2.9 Security and Investigations
We use data for security, fraud prevention and investigations.
We and our Affiliates, including Microsoft, may use your data (including your communications) for security purposes or to prevent or investigate possible fraud or other violations of the law, our
User Agreement
and/or attempts to harm our Members, Visitors, company, Affiliates, or others.
Social Action
E.g. like, comment, follow, share
Partners
Partners include ad networks, exchanges and others
3. How We Share Information
3.1 Our Services
Any data that you include on your profile and any content you post or social action (e.g., likes, follows, comments, shares) you take on our Services will be seen by others, consistent with your settings.
Profile
Your profile is fully visible to all Members and customers of our Services. Subject to your
settings
, it can also be visible to others on or off of our Services (e.g., Visitors to our Services or users of third-party search tools). As detailed in our
Help Center
, your settings, degree of connection with the viewing Member, the subscriptions they may have, their
usage of our Services
, access channels and search types (e.g., by name or by keyword) impact the availability of your profile and whether they can view certain fields in your profile.
Posts, Likes, Follows, Comments, Messages
Our Services allow viewing and sharing information including through posts, likes, follows and comments.
When you share an article or a post (e.g., an update, image, video or article) publicly it can be viewed by everyone and re-shared anywhere (subject to your
settings
). Members, Visitors and others will be able to find and see your publicly-shared content, including your name (and photo if you have provided one).
In a
group
, posts are visible to others according to group type. For example, posts in private groups are visible to others in the group and posts in public groups are visible publicly. Your membership in groups is public and part of your profile, but you can change visibility in your
settings
.
Any information you share through companies’ or other organizations’ pages on our Services will be viewable by those organizations and others who view those pages' content.
When you follow a person or organization, you are visible to others and that “page owner” as a follower.
We let senders know when you act on their message, subject to your
settings
where applicable.
Subject to your
settings
, we let a Member know when you view their profile. We also give you
choices
about letting organizations know when you've viewed their Page.
When you like or re-share or comment on another’s content (including ads), others will be able to view these “social actions” and associate it with you (e.g., your name, profile and photo if you provided it).
Your employer can see how you use Services they provided for your work (e.g. as a recruiter or sales agent) and related information. We will not show them your job searches or personal messages.
Enterprise Accounts
Your employer may offer you access to our enterprise Services such as Recruiter, Sales Navigator, LinkedIn Learning or our advertising Campaign Manager. Your employer can review and manage your use of such enterprise Services.
Depending on the enterprise Service, before you use such Service, we will ask for permission to share with your employer relevant data from your profile or use of our non-enterprise Services. For example, users of Sales Navigator will be asked to share their “social selling index”, a score calculated in part based on their personal account activity. We understand that certain activities such as job hunting and personal messages are sensitive, and so we do not share those with your employer unless you choose to share it with them through our Services (for example, by applying for a new position in the same company or mentioning your job hunting in a message to a co-worker through our Services).
Subject to your
settings
, when you use workplace tools and services (e.g., interactive employee directory tools) certain of your data may also be made available to your employer or be connected with information we receive from your employer to enable these tools and services.
3.2 Communication Archival
Regulated Members may need to store communications outside of our Service.
Some Members (or their employers) need, for legal or professional compliance, to archive their communications and social media activity, and will use services of others to provide these archival services. We enable archiving of messages by and to those Members outside of our Services. For example, a financial advisor needs to archive communications with her clients through our Services in order to maintain her professional financial advisor license.
3.3 Others’ Services
You may link your account with others’ services so that they can look up your contacts’ profiles, post your shares on such platforms, or enable you to start conversations with your connections on such platforms. Excerpts from your profile will also appear on the services of others.
Subject to your
settings
, other services may look up your profile. When you opt to link your account with other services, personal data (e.g., your name, title, and company) will become available to them. The sharing and use of that personal data will be described in, or linked to, a consent screen when you opt to link the accounts. For example, you may link your Twitter or WeChat account to share content from our Services into these other services, or your email provider may give you the option to upload your LinkedIn contacts into its own service. Third-party services have their own privacy policies, and you may be giving them permission to use your data in ways we would not. You may
revoke
the link with such accounts.
The information you make available to others in our Services (e.g., information from your profile, your posts, your engagement with the posts, or message to Pages)
may be available to them on other services
. For example, search tools, mail and calendar applications, or talent and lead managers may show a user limited profile data (subject to your
settings
), and social media management tools or other platforms may display your posts. The information retained on these services may not reflect updates you make on LinkedIn.
3.4 Related Services
We share your data across our different Services and LinkedIn affiliated entities.
We will share your personal data with our Affiliates to provide and develop our Services. For example, we may refer a query to Bing in some instances, such as where you'd benefit from a more up to date response in a chat experience. In regions outside the Designated Countries, we may also share your publicly-shared content (such as your public LinkedIn posts) with our Affiliates, including Microsoft, to provide or develop their services.
Where allowed
, we may combine information internally across the different Services covered by this Privacy Policy to help our Services be more relevant and useful to you and others. For example, we may personalize your feed or job recommendations based on your learning history.
3.5 Service Providers
We may use others to help us with our Services.
We use others to help us provide our Services (e.g., maintenance, analysis, audit, payments, fraud detection, customer support, marketing and development). They will have access to your information (e.g., the contents of a customer support request) as reasonably necessary to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for other purposes. If you purchase a Service from us, we may use a payments service provider who may separately collect information about you (e.g., for fraud prevention or to comply with legal obligations).
3.6 Legal Disclosures
We may need to share your data when we believe it’s required by law or to help protect the rights and safety of you, us or others.
It is possible that we will need to disclose information about you when required by law, subpoena, or other legal process or if we have a good faith belief that disclosure is reasonably necessary to (1) investigate, prevent or take action regarding suspected or actual illegal activities or to assist government enforcement agencies; (2) enforce our agreements with you; (3) investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations; (4) protect the security or integrity of our Services or the products or services of our Affiliates (such as by sharing with companies facing similar threats); or (5) exercise or protect the rights and safety of LinkedIn, our Members, personnel or others. We attempt to notify Members about legal demands for their personal data when appropriate in our judgment, unless prohibited by law or court order or when the request is an emergency. We may dispute such demands when we believe, in our discretion, that the requests are overbroad, vague or lack proper authority, but we do not promise to challenge every demand. To learn more see our
Data Request Guidelines
and
Transparency Report
.
3.7 Change in Control or Sale
We may share your data when our business is sold to others, but it must continue to be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
We can also share your personal data as part of a sale, merger or change in control, or in preparation for any of these events. Any other entity which buys us or part of our business will have the right to continue to use your data, but only in the manner set out in this Privacy Policy unless you agree otherwise.
4. Your Choices & Obligations
4.1 Data Retention
We keep most of your personal data for as long as your account is open.
We generally retain your personal data as long as you keep your account open or as needed to provide you Services. This includes data you or others provided to us and data generated or inferred from your use of our Services. Even if you only use our Services when looking for a new job every few years, we will retain your information and keep your profile open, unless you close your account. In some cases we choose to retain certain information (e.g., insights about Services use) in a depersonalized or aggregated form.
4.2 Rights to Access and Control Your Personal Data
You can access or delete your personal data. You have many choices about how your data is collected, used and shared.
We provide many
choices
about the collection, use and sharing of your data, from deleting or correcting data you include in your
profile
and controlling the visibility of your
posts
to advertising
opt-outs
and
communication
controls. We offer you
settings
to control and manage the personal data we have about you.
For personal data that we have about you, you can:
Delete Data
: You can ask us to erase or delete all or some of your personal data (e.g., if it is no longer necessary to provide Services to you).
Change or Correct Data
: You can edit some of your personal data through your account. You can also ask us to change, update or fix your data in certain cases, particularly if it’s inaccurate.
Object to, or Limit or Restrict, Use of Data
: You can ask us to stop using all or some of your personal data (e.g., if we have no legal right to keep using it) or to limit our use of it (e.g., if your personal data is inaccurate or unlawfully held).
Right to Access and/or Take Your Data
: You can ask us for a copy of your personal data and can ask for a copy of personal data you provided in machine readable form.
Visitors can
learn more about how to make these requests here
. You may also contact us using the contact information below, and we will consider your request in accordance with applicable laws.
Residents in the
Designated Countries and the UK
, and
other regions
, may have additional rights under their laws.
4.3 Account Closure
We keep some of your data even after you close your account.
If you choose to close your
LinkedIn
account, your personal data will generally stop being visible to others on our Services within 24 hours. We generally delete closed account information within 30 days of account closure, except as noted below.
We retain your personal data even after you have closed your account if reasonably necessary to comply with our legal obligations (including law enforcement requests), meet regulatory requirements, resolve disputes, maintain security, prevent fraud and abuse (e.g., if we have
restricted
your account for breach of our
Professional Community Policies
), enforce our User Agreement, or fulfill your request to "unsubscribe" from further messages from us. We will retain de-personalized information after your account has been closed.
Information you have shared with others (e.g., through InMail, updates or group posts) will remain visible after you close your account or delete the information from your own profile or mailbox, and we do not control data that other Members have copied out of our Services. Groups content and ratings or review content associated with closed accounts will show an unknown user as the source. Your profile may continue to be displayed in the services of others (e.g., search tools) until they refresh their cache.
5. Other Important Information
5.1. Security
We monitor for and try to prevent security breaches. Please use the security features available through our Services.
We implement security safeguards designed to protect your data, such as HTTPS. We regularly monitor our systems for possible vulnerabilities and attacks. However, we cannot warrant the security of any information that you send us. There is no guarantee that data may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards. Please visit our
Safety Center
for additional information about safely using our Services, including
two-factor authentication
.
5.2. Cross-Border Data Transfers
We store and use your data outside your country.
We process data both inside and outside of the United States and rely on legally-provided mechanisms to lawfully transfer data across borders.
Learn more
. Countries where we process data may have laws which are different from, and potentially not as protective as, the laws of your own country.
5.3 Lawful Bases for Processing
We have lawful bases to collect, use and share data about you. You have choices about our use of your data. At any time, you can withdraw consent you have provided by going to settings.
We will only collect and process personal data about you where we have lawful bases. Lawful bases include consent (where you have given consent), contract (where processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you (e.g., to deliver the LinkedIn Services you have requested) and “legitimate interests.”
Learn more
.
Where we rely on your
consent
to process personal data, you have the right to withdraw or decline your consent at any time and where we rely on legitimate interests, you have the right to object.
Learn More
. If you have any questions about the lawful bases upon which we collect and use your personal data, please
contact our Data Protection Officer here
.
If you're located in one of the Designated Countries or the UK, you can learn more about our lawful bases for processing in our
European Regional Privacy Notice
.
5.4. Direct Marketing and Do Not Track Signals
Our statements regarding direct marketing and “do not track” signals.
We currently do not share personal data with third parties for their direct marketing purposes without your permission.
Learn more
about this and about our response to “do not track” signals.
5.5. Contact Information
You can contact us or use other options to resolve any complaints.
If you have questions or complaints regarding this Policy, please first
contact LinkedIn
online. You can also reach us by
physical mail
. If contacting us does not resolve your complaint, you have more
options
. Residents in the
Designated Countries
and
other regions
may also have the right to
contact our Data Protection Officer here
or at
DPO@linkedin.com
. If this does not resolve your complaint, Residents in the Designated Countries and other regions may have more
options
under their laws.
Consent
Where we process data based on consent, we will ask for your explicit consent. You may withdraw your consent at any time, but that will not affect the lawfulness of the processing of your personal data prior to such withdrawal. Where we rely on contract, we will ask that you agree to the processing of personal data that is necessary for entering into or performance of your contract with us. We will rely on legitimate interests as a basis for data processing where the processing of your data is not overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms.
Sub-policy 5
https://globalprivacycontrol.org/:
GPC signal not detected.
Please
download a browser/extension
that supports it.
Take control of your privacy.
Online privacy should be accessible to everyone. It starts with a simpler way to exercise your rights.
Get Started
Get Involved
Read the Latest Press Release
and
Follow @globalprivctrl on Twitter
.
Turn On
GPC
Enable Global Privacy Control to communicate your privacy preference.
Send the Signal
Your browser will send the
GPC
signal to websites you visit.
Exercise Your Rights
Participating websites can respect your privacy rights accordingly.
You may have noticed “Do Not Sell” and “Object To Processing” links around the web from companies complying with privacy regulations. To opt out of websites selling or sharing your personal information, you need to click these links for every site you visit.
Now you can exercise your legal privacy rights in one step via Global Privacy Control (
GPC
), required under the California Consumer Protection Act (CCPA).
Together, over a dozen organizations are developing the
GPC
specification.
Get Involved
GPC
lets users signal their desired privacy, just by browsing.
GPC
is available as part of several major browsers, extensions, and websites.
View Full Spec
Test against the reference server
The
GPC
signal will be intended to communicate a Do Not Sell request from a global privacy control, as per
CCPA-REGULATIONS §999.315
for that browser or device, or, if known, the consumer. Under the GDPR, the intent of the
GPC
signal is to convey a general request that data controllers limit the sale or sharing of the user’s personal data to other data controllers (
GDPR Articles 7 & 21
). Over time, the
GPC
signal may be intended to communicate rights in other jurisdictions.
“
CA DOJ is encouraged to see the technology community developing a global privacy control in furtherance of the CCPA and consumer privacy rights.
”
Xavier Becerra
CA Attorney General
“
40 million consumers are now using web browsers and other privacy tools that support this global opt out. Major publishers, the New York Times, Washington Post, have already pledged to respect it. California's Attorney General has already said that companies must respect GPC. This is a big step in Americans privacy, a big, big step forward.
”
Ron Wyden
Senate Finance Chairman
“
My hope is that Governor Northam and the legislature will improve [the newly passed Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act] in the near future in important ways... making it easier for Virginia citizens to invoke their privacy rights, such as through a global privacy control.
”
Mark R. Warner
VA Senator
“
GPC provides a clear and binary indication of an individual's choice... Based on a review of several of the web browsers' intentions regarding GPC, it appears likely to be a prominent, easily understandable, and accessible mechanism in the browser settings.
”
Alexander McD White
Bermuda Privacy Commissioner
“
It's past time to give consumers a real and enforceable way to stop companies from tracking and selling their data. My Mind Your Own Business Act would do just that, and this project [Global Privacy Control] shows it’s possible.
”
Ron Wyden
Senate Finance Chairman
“
CCPA requires businesses to treat a user-enabled global privacy control as a legally valid consumer request to opt out of the sale of their data. CCPA opened the door to developing a technical standard, like the GPC, which satisfies this legal requirement & protects privacy.
”
Xavier Becerra
CA Attorney General
Got to slide
0
Got to slide
1
Got to slide
2
Got to slide
3
Got to slide
4
Got to slide
5
Join over 50 million users.
Download a supported browser or extension and start exercising your privacy rights with GPC.
View All Downloads
Abine DeleteMe
LEARN MORE
about
Abine DeleteMe
Brave Browser
LEARN MORE
about
Brave Browser
Disconnect
LEARN MORE
about
Disconnect
DuckDuckGo Privacy Browser
LEARN MORE
about
DuckDuckGo Privacy Browser
Firefox
LEARN MORE
about
Firefox
OptMeowt by privacy-tech-lab
LEARN MORE
about
OptMeowt by privacy-tech-lab
Privacy Badger by EFF
LEARN MORE
about
Privacy Badger by EFF
lockrMail by lockr
LEARN MORE
about
lockrMail by lockr
Founding Organizations
The following organizations, representing 50 million users and hundreds of thousands of websites, are in support of GPC.
View All Organizations
Featured Press & Announcements
GPC Privacy Browser Signal Now Used by Millions and Honored By Major Publishers
Global Privacy Control
Your browser can tell websites how to treat your data. But companies didn’t have to listen — until now
The Washington Post
‘Do Not Track’ Is Back, and This Time It Might Work
Wired
Tech-publisher coalition backs new push for browser-level privacy controls
TechCrunch
View More Press
Frequently Asked Questions
Global Privacy Control (GPC) is a proposed specification designed to allow
Internet users to notify businesses of their privacy preferences, such as
whether or not they want their personal information to be sold or shared. It
consists of a setting or extension in the user’s browser or mobile device and
acts as a mechanism that websites can use to indicate they support the
specification.
GPC is being developed by a broad coalition of stakeholders:
technologists, web publishers, technology companies,
browser vendors, extension developers, academics, and
civil rights organizations.
The GPC was initially spearheaded by
Ashkan
Soltani
Georgetown
Law
and
Sebastian
Zimmeck
(
Wesleyan
University
) in collaboration with
The New York
Times
,
The Washington
Post
,
Financial Times
,
Automattic (Wordpress.com & Tumblr)
,
Glitch
,
DuckDuckGo
,
Brave
,
Mozilla
,
Disconnect
,
Abine
,
Digital Content Next (DCN)
,
Consumer
Reports
, and the
Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF)
.
GPC is available for an increasing number of browsers and browser extensions,
listed
here
. If you want to use
GPC, you can download and enable it via a participating browser or browser
extension. More information about downloading GPC is available
here
.
The GPC spec is easy to implement on a wide variety of websites and other
services. The proposed specification and back-end implementation reference
documentation are available
here
.
For additional information, please feel free to reach out on Github or Twitter
(
@globablprivctrl
).
As it is intended to invoke users’ privacy rights, we encourage policymakers
from around the world to engage in the development of this specification. If you
would like to learn more about how GPC could work in your jurisdiction, please
contact us via email at
info[at]globalprivacycontrol.org
.
GPC was initially introduced at the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C)
Privacy
Community Group
(Privacy CG) in April 2020. A
number of stakeholders are part of that community. There are ongoing
discussions in the Privacy CG. Interested parties are encouraged to engage with
the proposal
here
.
Additionally, GPC is currently being implemented across the web. A number of
browsers, extensions, and publishers are supporting or implementing GPC (see
below).
View All
FAQ
s
Get Involved
Contact us to learn more about supporting
GPC
in your browser, app, or website.
@globalprivctrl
Sub-policy 6
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/:
You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Please wait while application initialize...
;
Sub-policy 7
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/participant-search:
You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Please wait while application initialize...
;
Sub-policy 8
https://verasafe.com/public-resources/dispute-resolution/dispute-resolution-procedure/:
Home
Public Resources
Data Privacy Framework Dispute Resolution Procedure
Our Annual IRM Reports
As an Independent Recourse Mechanism (“IRM”) under the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework, VeraSafe published, and will publish a report as an IRM under the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF), each year describing our dispute resolution activities and the state of our IRM and Compliance Verification programs.
2024 Report
2023 Report
2022 Report
2021 Report
2020 Report
2019 Report
2018 Report
2017 Report
1. Introduction
1.1.
The VeraSafe Data Privacy Framework (DPF) Dispute Resolution Procedure (the “Procedure”) is provided and administered by VeraSafe, LLC, (“VeraSafe”), for the resolution of complaints alleging that a Participant in the VeraSafe Privacy Program or VeraSafe Data Privacy Framework (DPF) Dispute Resolution Program (the “Program(s)”), that is also subject to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and as applicable, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S.DPF, and/or the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) (together, the “Data Privacy Framework”), the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework, Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework, U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework, or U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework, has failed to comply with the Framework(s). The Procedure combines facilitation, mediation, and arbitration.
1.2
.
VeraSafe commits to comply with the requirements for independent recourse mechanisms as set forth in Principle 7 “Recourse, Enforcement and Liability” and Supplemental Principle 11 “Dispute Resolution and Enforcement” of the Data Privacy Framework (available at
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
), Principle 7 “Recourse, Enforcement and Liability” and Supplemental Principle 11 “Dispute Resolution and Enforcement” of the Privacy Shield Framework, and the Enforcement Principle and FAQ 11 “Dispute Resolution and Enforcement” of the Safe Harbor Frameworks. In case of a conflict between the Procedure and one of the Frameworks, the relevant Framework(s) shall control, and the Procedure shall be modified to the minimum extent necessary in order to permit VeraSafe to comply with its obligations as an independent recourse mechanism under the Framework(s).
1.3.
By participating in the Procedure, the Parties agree to the terms and conditions of the Procedure, as set forth herein.
2. Definitions
2.1.
The following definitions apply to the Procedure:
“Appellate Hearing” means the process described under Section 9 of the Procedure.
“Complainant” means a person who has filed, or attempted to file, a Complaint with VeraSafe under the terms of the Procedure.
“Complaint” means one or more allegation(s) of non-compliance with the Data Privacy Framework, EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework, Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework, U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework, or U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework filed with VeraSafe under the terms of the Procedure.
“Data Privacy Hearing” means the process described under Section 8 of the Procedure.
“EEA” means the European Economic Area.
“Framework(s)” means the Data Privacy Framework, the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework, the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework, the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework, and the U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework.
“Participant” means a member, in good standing, of the VeraSafe Privacy Program or VeraSafe Data Privacy Framework Dispute Resolution Program.
“Party/Parties” means the Complainant or the Participant, or both, as applicable.
“Procedure Submissions” means all documents, writings, briefs, evidence, and other material, submitted under the Procedure by the Parties or by VeraSafe.
“Settlement Agreement” means an agreement reached by the Parties that resolves the Complaint. To be effective, the terms of such agreement must be recorded in writing and signed by both Parties.
2.2.
Capitalized terms not defined herein shall be understood to have the same meaning as ascribed to such terms in the VeraSafe Privacy Program Certification Criteria set forth at
https://www.verasafe.com/privacy-solutions/privacy-program-certification-criteria/
(such hyperlink may be revised and redirected from time to time).
3. General Terms and Eligibility
3.1. Legal Representation.
One or both Parties may choose to be represented by legal counsel at any stage of the Procedure. If either Party chooses to be represented, that party will notify VeraSafe, providing the name and contact information of the attorney who will be representing the Party. VeraSafe will then notify the other Party of the representation and the attorney’s name and contact information.
3.2. No Payment Required.
The Complainant is not required to pay any remuneration to VeraSafe in order to file a Complaint with the Procedure.
3.3. Eligible Complainant.
For a Complainant to be eligible to file a Complaint, the Complainant must be:
at least thirteen years of age on the date the Complaint is filed under the Procedure and a Data Subject whose PII was exported from the EEA, UK (or Gibraltar), or Switzerland by or to a Participant; or
the parent or legal guardian of a Data Subject (1) who is under eighteen years of age at the time that the Complaint is filed with VeraSafe and (2) whose PII was exported from the EEA, UK (or Gibraltar), or Switzerland by or to a Participant.
3.4. Eligible Complaint.
For a Complaint to be eligible under the Procedure, the Complaint must:
name a Participant that has listed VeraSafe as its independent dispute resolution mechanism on its Data Privacy Framework, EU-U.S. Privacy Shield, Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield, U.S.-EU Safe Harbor, or U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor self-certification(s) with the U.S. Department of Commerce, as a defendant in the Complaint;
not have been previously resolved or settled by court action, arbitration, or other form of dispute resolution;
be filed using the Procedure for the first time, except for Complaints (1) alleging a Participant’s failure to comply with a previous Settlement Agreement or (2) being amended pursuant to Section 4.3; and
not seek remedies that are not Permitted Outcomes
3.5. Ineligibility Determination.
If, based on the information available to VeraSafe, the Complaint or Complainant is found to be ineligible (an “Ineligibility Determination”), VeraSafe shall close the Complaint, record an outcome of “Ineligible,” and notify the Complainant of the outcome.
3.6. Complainant’s Right to Appeal the Ineligibility Determination.
The Complainant has the right to appeal VeraSafe’s Ineligibility Determination within ten business days of being sent the Ineligibility Determination. If the Complainant can show a reasonable likelihood that VeraSafe made a material error in the Ineligibility Determination, VeraSafe shall duly re-examine the Complaint and make a final determination as to its eligibility. VeraSafe’s determination shall be final after the appeal and no further appeal may be taken.
4. Complaint Filing Procedure
4.1. Prior Good Faith Attempt to Resolve Complaint.
The Complainant must make a good faith effort to resolve his dispute directly with the Participant before filing the Complaint with VeraSafe. Complainants are further encouraged to read the Participant’s applicable privacy notice(s) entirely before filing a Complaint with VeraSafe. If VeraSafe determines, in its sole discretion, that Complainant did not make a good faith effort to resolve the dispute before filing a Complaint, VeraSafe shall require the Complainant to try to resolve the Complaint directly with the Participant and shall advise the Complainant that he or she may re-file the Complaint using the Procedure, as outlined herein, if the attempt to resolve the Complaint with the Participant does not yield satisfactory results.
4.2. Information Required.
A Complainant must provide certain information to VeraSafe in order to successfully file a Complaint with the Procedure. Therefore, the Complaint must:
allege a Participant’s failure to comply with the Framework(s);
include the fullest possible account of facts and events giving rise to the Complaint;
seek one or more of the Permitted Outcomes (see Section 5.1);
if any damages or harm is alleged, include specific details of the harm and/or damages (where applicable, quantification of monetary damages is preferred, but not required);
include valid contact information (mailing address, email address, and contact person) for the Complainant;
include consent to share the Complaint with the Participant;
include all available documentation to support the Complaint;
include a description of Complainant’s good faith effort to resolve the dispute with the Participant, before filing the Complaint; and
include a declaration, under penalty of perjury under the laws of the United States of America, that all information submitted to VeraSafe in the Procedure is true and correct.
4.3. Right to Correct Defective Complaint.
Within ten business days of receiving the Complaint, VeraSafe will inform the Complainant if the Complaint fails to meet any of the requirements enumerated in Section 4.2 and will give the Complainant the opportunity to amend the Complaint to satisfy such requirement(s). As a matter of course, the Complainant will have two opportunities to amend the Complaint for failure to address any defects in the Complaint. Further opportunities to amend the Complaint to satisfy the requirements of Section 4.2 shall be given solely at VeraSafe’s discretion.
4.4. Medium for all Procedure Submissions.
Complaints must be initiated by: (i) submitting VeraSafe’s online complaint form located at:
https://www.verasafe.com/public-resources/dispute-resolution/submit-dispute/
or (ii) by submitting the required information to VeraSafe via email (experts@verasafe.com) and including the following statement: “I represent and warrant that I have read, understand, and agree to be bound by the terms of the VeraSafe Data Privacy Framework Dispute Resolution Procedure”.
VeraSafe shall provide all correspondence to the Parties electronically, either by email or fax.
The Parties shall submit all information, correspondence, and other material required by, or intended for use in, the Procedure (“Procedure Submissions”) to VeraSafe electronically.
Procedure Submissions shall be considered delivered to the recipient immediately upon their electronic transmission by the sender.
5. Permitted Outcomes
5.1.
The
Parties agree that the possible outcomes that a Complainant may seek via the Procedure, and the maximum relief that VeraSafe shall assign in a Data Privacy Hearing or Appellate Hearing during the Procedure, are limited to the non-exclusive remedies described below (the “Permitted Outcomes”). Permitted Outcomes are only those that may
require:
the effects of noncompliance with the Framework(s) to be reversed or corrected by the Participant;
that future data processing by the Participant be in conformity with the Framework(s);
the Participant to cease processing PII of the Complainant;
the Participant to delete relevant PII that was processed contrary to the Framework(s);
the temporary suspension and/or removal of Participant’s license to display VeraSafe Seal(s);
the Participant to compensate the Complainant for actual, direct losses incurred as a result of Participant’s non-compliance with the Framework(s); or
the Participant to comply with any orders set forth by the Hearing Officer or Appeal Officer
5.2.
In order to ensure that any sanctions are sufficiently rigorous – in accordance with Supplemental Principle 11(e)(i) of the Data Privacy Framework – VeraSafe reserves the right to impose additional sanctions upon the Participant that are more severe than those sought by the Complainant in situations where VeraSafe determines that such requested sanctions are inadequate to ensure Participant’s compliance with the Framework(s); provided, however, that the fulfillment of the Complainant’s desired outcome(s) shall be satisfied, at minimum.
6. Complaint Response Procedure
6.1. Participant’s Response to Complaint.
Complaints that VeraSafe determines to be eligible shall be forwarded by VeraSafe to the Participant. The Participant must file its response to the Complaint (“Response”) with VeraSafe within twenty business days of Participant’s receipt of the Complaint from VeraSafe. The Participant’s Response must either:
defend the Participant’s actions as permitted under the applicable Framework(s);
dispute the validity of information presented in the Complaint and contain all available documentation to support the dispute; or
admit fault and agree to remedy the alleged violation(s) as determined by VeraSafe in its sole discretion.
6.2.
Upon VeraSafe’s receipt of the Participant’s Response, VeraSafe will forward it to the Complainant.
6.3. Participant’s Failure to Respond.
If the Participant fails to file a timely Response, the failure to comply with the Procedure will be duly noted in the next Annual Procedure Report (as such term is defined in Section 15 of the Procedure) and VeraSafe shall refer the matter to the appropriate government agency in accordance with Section 14 of the Procedure.
7. Consultative Mediation
7.1. Mediation Teleconference.
If the Complainant is not satisfied by the Participant’s Response to the Complaint, and desires to continue with the Procedure, the Complainant must file with VeraSafe a request for a mediation session to be conducted via telephone (hereinafter, a “Mediation Teleconference”) within ten business days of receiving the Participant’s Response. The Mediation Teleconference is an informal process for the Parties to reexamine the details of the Complaint and work towards a mutually agreeable resolution with the assistance of an approved mediator under the requirements set forth herein.
If the Complainant is satisfied by the Participant’s Response to the Complaint, the Complainant shall notify VeraSafe in writing that the Complaint has been resolved.
If VeraSafe receives notification from the Complainant that the Complainant is satisfied with the Participant’s Response, or otherwise receives no request for a Mediation Teleconference from the Complainant within the timeframe specified in Section 7.1, VeraSafe shall close the Complaint with an outcome of “Closed by Default” and duly notify the Parties.
7.2. Mediation Teleconference Procedure.
VeraSafe will provide and appoint a mediator to lead the Mediation Teleconference with a requisite knowledge of data privacy concepts and the issues involved in the Parties’ dispute to lead the Mediation Teleconference (the “Mediator”). VeraSafe will make a reasonable effort to schedule the teleconference with due regard for the schedules of the Parties and will notify the Parties of the scheduled time and date not less than fifteen business days before the date of the Mediation Teleconference.
Possible Outcomes of the Mediation Teleconference.
Complainant’s Failure to Comply.
If the Complainant fails to appear at the scheduled time of the Mediation Teleconference, it will be assumed that the Participant’s Response has satisfied the Complainant and the Complaint will be closed with an outcome of “Closed by Default” and the Parties duly notified.
Participant’s Failure to Comply.
If the Participant fails to appear at the scheduled time of the Mediation Teleconference, such failure to comply with the Procedure will be duly noted in the next Annual Procedure Report and VeraSafe shall refer the matter to the appropriate regulatory agency in accordance with Section 14.
Mutual Settlement Agreement.
If the Parties reach an agreement during the Mediation Teleconference, VeraSafe will record the terms of the Settlement Agreement (as decided by the Parties) and notify both Parties in writing of those terms within five business days of the Mediation Teleconference.
No Settlement Reached.
If no Settlement Agreement is reached during the Mediation Teleconference, the Complainant must file with VeraSafe a request for a Data Privacy Hearing within ten business days of the Mediation Teleconference or the Complaint will be closed with an outcome of “Closed by Default” and the Parties duly notified.
8. Data Privacy Hearing
8.1. Overview.
Upon the request of the Complainant made to VeraSafe in accordance with the requirements of the Procedure, an officer appointed by VeraSafe (the “Data Privacy Hearing Officer”) will review the Complaint and all Procedure Submissions in a fair and impartial way and determine if the available evidence does, by a preponderance of the evidence, substantiate the alleged violation of the Framework(s) made in the Complaint.
8.2. Exchange of Briefs.
The Complainant’s request for a Data Privacy Hearing should include a detailed brief supporting the allegation(s) in the Complaint (attaching evidence, if appropriate). Upon receipt, VeraSafe will forward the brief to the Participant. The Participant shall provide a brief in rebuttal to VeraSafe (attaching evidence, if appropriate) within ten business days of receiving the Complainant’s brief.
8.3. Data Privacy Hearing Officer.
The Data Privacy Hearing Officer shall: (i) hold a current Certified Information Privacy Professional or Certified Information Privacy Manager credential from the International Association of Privacy Professionals; (ii) hold a Juris Doctor degree from an American Bar Association accredited law school; or (iii) be currently licensed to practice law in a jurisdiction of the United States or an EEA member state.
The Data Privacy Hearing Officer shall be impartial and neutral in the application of the Procedure.
The Data Privacy Hearing Officer shall not be the same individual who served as the Mediator
8.4. Data Privacy Hearing Administration and Procedure.
Data Privacy Hearing Officer’s Request for Information.
The Data Privacy Hearing Officer may request additional information or seek clarification from either Party regarding the Procedure Submissions.
Late Filings and Extensions.
If a Party submits required information after the specified time limits, the untimely information shall not be submitted to the Data Privacy Hearing Officer unless VeraSafe grants an extension for good cause. In lieu of such untimely Procedure Submissions, the Data Privacy Hearing Officer will proceed to use all other available Procedure Submissions in making its Hearing Decision.
Scheduling of Data Privacy Hearing.
VeraSafe will make a reasonable effort to schedule a teleconference for the Data Privacy Hearing with due regard for the schedules of the Parties and will notify the Parties of the scheduled time and date not less than fifteen business days before the date of the teleconference.
Data Privacy Hearing Procedure.
The Parties shall appear telephonically at the hearing, where they will be allowed to present their arguments and evidence (although no new arguments or evidence not contained in the Procedure Submissions will be allowed, unless good cause is shown as to why they were not included). Additionally, the Data Privacy Hearing Officer may ask questions of the Parties about their arguments and evidence.
Hearing Decision and Burden of Proof.
The Data Privacy Hearing Officer shall, based on the Procedure Submissions and Data Privacy Hearing, decide if the available evidence does, by a preponderance of the evidence, substantiate the allegation(s) made in the Complaint and, if so, whether or not the alleged action or inaction of the Participant does violate the Framework(s) (the “Hearing Decision”).
Sustained Complaints.
If, after weighing the arguments and evidence presented in the Procedure Submissions and Data Privacy Hearing, and in due consideration of the totality of the circumstances, the Data Privacy Hearing Officer determines that the available evidence does, by a preponderance of the evidence, substantiate the allegation(s) made in the Complaint, and that the action or inaction of the Participant does violate the Framework(s), the Data Privacy Hearing Officer shall require the Participant to comply with one or more Permitted Outcomes, as appropriate under the circumstances (a “Reparation Order”). The Parties will be duly notified of the Reparation Order.
No Action Taken.
If, after weighing the arguments and evidence presented in the Procedure Submissions and Data Privacy Hearing, and in due consideration of the totality of the circumstances, the Data Privacy Hearing Officer determines that the available evidence does not, by a preponderance of the evidence, substantiate the allegation(s) made in the Complaint, or that the alleged action or inaction of the Participant does not violate the applicable Framework(s), the Complaint shall be closed with an outcome of “Closed – No Action Taken” and the Parties duly notified.
9. Right to Appeal
9.1. Appeal of Data Privacy Hearing Outcome.
Within ten business days of receiving notification that the Complaint has been closed with an outcome of “Closed – No Action Taken,” the Complainant may submit an appeal to VeraSafe, if the Complainant reasonably believes that VeraSafe or the Data Privacy Hearing Officer failed to adhere to the Procedure and such failure materially affected the Hearing Decision.
9.2. Exchange of Briefs.
To be considered, the Complainant’s appeal brief must include a detailed briefing of the alleged failure to adhere to the Procedure, as well as any supporting evidence. Upon receipt of the appeal brief, VeraSafe will forward the appeal brief to the Participant. The Participant must provide a brief in rebuttal (including any supporting evidence) to VeraSafe within ten business days of receiving the Complainant’s appeal brief. The briefs are the “Appellate Procedure Submissions”.
9.3. Appellate Hearing Officer.
VeraSafe will appoint an impartial officer to administer the Appellate Hearing (the “Appellate Hearing Officer”) using the eligibility criteria described in Section 8.3. The Appellate Hearing Officer will not be the same individual who served as the Mediator or the Data Privacy Hearing Officer.
9.4. Appellate Hearing Administration and Procedure.
Consideration of Appeal.
The Appellate Hearing Officer will accept an appeal when the Appellate Procedure Submissions demonstrate that there is a reasonable likelihood that VeraSafe or the Data Privacy Hearing Officer failed to adhere to the Procedure and that such failure materially affected the Hearing Decision. If the Appellate Hearing Officer accepts the appeal, he or she will execute the Appellate Hearing Procedure. If the Appellate Hearing Officer declines to accept the appeal, he or she will provide a written explanation of the decision, which will be provided to Complainant and Participant.
The Appellate Hearing Officer may request additional information or seek clarification from either Party regarding the Appellate Procedure Submissions, either when considering the Appeal or when carrying out the Appellate Hearing Procedure.
Appellate Hearing Procedure.
The Appellate Hearing Officer will duly examine the Appellate Procedure Submissions, as well as the Procedure Submissions, and shall decide if the available evidence does, by a preponderance of the evidence, substantiate the allegation(s) made in the Complaint and, if so, whether or not the alleged action or inaction of the Participant is in violation of the applicable Framework(s) (the “Hearing Decision”).
Sustained Complaints.
If, in due examination of the Appellate Procedure Submissions and Procedure Submissions, and in due consideration of the totality of the circumstances, the Appellate Hearing Officer determines that the available evidence does, by a preponderance of the evidence, substantiate the allegation(s) made in the Complaint, and that the action or inaction of the Participant does violate the applicable Framework(s), the Appellate Hearing officer will issue a Reparation Order requiring the Participant to comply with one or more Permitted Outcomes, as appropriate under the circumstances. The Parties will be duly notified of the Reparation Order.
No Action Taken.
If, in due examination of the Appellate Procedure Submissions and Procedure Submissions, and in due consideration of the totality of the circumstances, the Appellate Hearing officer determines that the available evidence does not, by a preponderance of the evidence, substantiate the allegation(s) made in the Complaint, or that the alleged action or inaction of the Participant does not violate the applicable Framework(s), the Complaint will be closed with an outcome of “Closed – No Action Taken” and the Parties duly notified.
10. Complainant’s Right to Withdraw
10.1.
A Complainant has the right to withdraw its Complaint at any time during the Procedure by submitting to VeraSafe a request to withdraw the Complaint. The Complaint will then be closed with an outcome of “Closed – Withdrawn” and the Parties duly notified.
11. Complainant’s Noncompliance with the Procedure
11.1.
If the Complainant breaches any term(s) of the Procedure in a material way, during any stage of the process, VeraSafe has the right to close the Complaint, record an outcome of “Closed by Default,” and the parties duly notified.
12. Language
12.1.
VeraSafe shall conduct the Procedure in English but insofar as the Complainant is only able to read or write in a language other than English, VeraSafe shall make commercially reasonable efforts to provide translation services to the Complainant as necessary during the Procedure.
13. Participant’s Performance Under a Settlement Agreement or Reparation Order
13.1.
VeraSafe shall monitor the Participant’s compliance with any Settlement Agreements or Reparation Orders entered or issued under the Procedure.
13.2.
When VeraSafe is satisfied with the Participant’s performance regarding an applicable Settlement Agreement or Reparation Order entered or issued under the Procedure, the Complaint will then be closed with an outcome of “Closed by Settlement,” or “Closed by Performance of Reparation Order” and the Parties duly notified.
13.3.
Participant’s Non-Compliance. If Participant fails to comply with a Settlement Agreement or Reparation Order entered or issued under the Procedure, the failure to comply with the Procedure shall be duly noted in the next Annual Procedure Report and VeraSafe shall refer the matter to the relevant government agency pursuant to Section 14.
14. Referral to Government Agencies
14.1.
VeraSafe in its sole discretion, may refer matters to U.S. government regulatory agencies of competent jurisdiction, if:
the Participant refuses to comply with the Procedure in regard to a Complaint that has been filed with VeraSafe, as described in the Procedure; or
VeraSafe determines that the Participant has failed to comply with a Settlement Agreement or Reparation Order entered or issued under the Procedure within a reasonable time.
14.2.
Before referring any matter to a regulatory agency of competent jurisdiction, VeraSafe shall first notify the Participant of the intended referral and give the Participant a reasonable opportunity of at least ten business days to cure any breach of the Framework(s) or any failure to perform its obligations under the Procedure.
14.3.
Reports of referrals to government agencies shall be included in VeraSafe’s Annual Procedure Report.
14.4.
Complaints that VeraSafe refers to a regulatory agency under this Section shall be closed with an outcome of “Closed by Referral to Regulatory Agency,” and the Parties duly notified.
15. Public Reporting
15.1.
VeraSafe shall publish an annual report on the operation of the Procedure (each, an “Annual Procedure Report”). The Annual Procedure Report shall include:
an executive summary, including the period covered in the Annual Procedure Report, the name of the dispute resolution program (the “VeraSafe Data Privacy Framework Dispute Resolution Procedure”) and any highlights from the period;
the number of organizations presently enrolled in the Procedure;
the number of organizations that receive VeraSafe’s Data Privacy Framework verification service, and the number of organizations that receive both the verification service and the dispute resolution service;
a description of how VeraSafe avoids any actual or potential conflicts of interest in situations when it provides an organization with both verification services and dispute resolution services;
a brief description of the types of Data Privacy Framework-related guidance that VeraSafe provides (e.g., online guidance for businesses and consumers, involvement in presentations and other public discussions);
a description of the types of Data Privacy Framework-related compliance activities that VeraSafe engages in (e.g., review methods used by VeraSafe as part of its Data Privacy Framework-related verification service, or other steps that VeraSafe takes to review and/or monitor organizations’ privacy policies);
the requirements for participation in the Program, including the elements of any participation agreement;
a description of how a Complaint can be filed with the Procedure;
a description of the Procedure’s Complaint eligibility requirements and its complaint review process, including how long it takes for Complaints to be processed and resolved and the range of potential remedies; and
statistics for Data Privacy Framework-related complaints during the reporting period, which shall include:
the number Data Privacy Framework-related complaints received during the reporting year;
the types of Data Privacy Framework-related complaints received;
the dispute resolution quality measures for the Data Privacy Framework-related complaints received (e.g., the length of time taken to process those complaints); and
the outcomes of the Data Privacy Framework-related complaints received, notably the number and types of remedies or sanctions imposed.
15.2.
The Annual Procedure Report’s statistical summaries shall be comprised solely of aggregate, anonymous data.
16. Confidentiality
16.1.
Other than the Hearing Decisions and except as noted in Sections 14 and 15, all Procedure Submissions, deliberations, meetings, proceedings, and writings of the Procedure shall be treated as confidential by VeraSafe.
16.2.
Each Party must treat any information provided to them by VeraSafe as confidential and must not make such information available to anyone other than those persons directly involved in the handling of the Complaint, except as allowed or required by applicable law or by the Framework(s).
17. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
17.1.
EXCEPT IN THE CASE OF DELIBERATE WRONGDOING, AND EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT THAT SUCH A LIMITATION OF LIABILITY IS PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR BY THE FRAMEWORK(S), AND WITH THE KNOWLEDGE THAT VERASAFE IS PROVIDING THE PROCEDURE FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE PARTIES INVOLVED, THE PARTIES ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT THE FOLLOWING ARE NOT LIABLE FOR ANY ACT OR OMISSION IN CONNECTION WITH THE PROCEDURE: ANY MEDIATOR, HEARING OFFICER, VERASAFE, NOR ANY VERASAFE EMPLOYEE, BOARD MEMBER, COMPANY OFFICER, OR INDEPENDENT CONTRACTOR UTILIZED BY VERASAFE IN THE PROCEDURE
17.2.
VeraSafe can offer no guarantee that the outcome of the Procedure will be an outcome with which either Party, or the Parties, is satisfied.
18. Interpretation
18.1.
This Procedure shall be interpreted under the laws of the United States of America.
19. Waiver of Subpoena
19.1.
Each Party agrees that it will not subpoena any of the following in any legal proceeding arising out of the Procedure or any Complaint: any Mediator, Hearing Officer, VeraSafe, nor any VeraSafe employee, board member, company officer, or independent contractor utilized by VeraSafe in the Procedure.
20. Hold Harmless
20.1.
The Participant agrees to hold VeraSafe, its officers, agents, independent contractors, and employees harmless from any liability, loss, or damage the Participant may suffer as a result of Complaints, claims, demands, costs, Settlement Agreements, Reparation Orders, or judgments against them arising out of the Procedure.
20.2.
The Complainant agrees to hold VeraSafe, its officers, agents and employees harmless from any liability, loss, or damage the Complainant may suffer arising out of the Procedure or the acts or omissions of the Participant that gave rise to the Complaint.
21. Relationship of the Parties
21.1
.
Nothing contained in the Procedure shall be construed to create the relationship of principal and agent, partnership, or joint venture, or any other commercial relationship between VeraSafe and either Party.
21.2.
The Parties have no authority to act as agent for, or on behalf of, VeraSafe, or to represent VeraSafe, or bind VeraSafe in any manner.
22. Contact Information
22.1.
VeraSafe may be contacted using the contact information found at
https://www.verasafe.com/about-us/contact-us/
.
22.2.
The International Trade Administration of the U.S. Department of Commerce may be contacted via the website
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov
and
https://www.export.gov/ITA
.
22.3.
VeraSafe is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. The Commission may be contacted using the information found on the website
https://www.ftc.gov/contact
.
Introduction
Definitions
General Terms and Eligibility
Complaint Filing Procedure
Permitted Outcomes
Complaint Response Procedure
Consultative Mediation
Data Privacy Hearing
Right to Appeal
Complainant’s Right to Withdraw
Complainant’s Noncompliance with the Procedure
Language
Participant’s Performance Under a Settlement Agreement or Reparation Order
Referral to Government Agencies
Public Reporting
Confidentiality
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
Interpretation
Waiver of Subpoena
Hold Harmless
Relationship of the Parties
Contact Information
Track record of successful GDPR implementations across industries.
Work directly with our in-house team of US and European attorneys, IT experts, and project managers.
Strategic, risked-based approach to compliance.
Fully customizable GDPR compliance program, tailored to fit your needs.
Holistic approach: We help you identify business opportunity hidden inside the GDPR.
Going beyond just EU privacy law, VeraSafe is your end-to-end partner for the entire privacy and cybersecurity domain.
Email
info@verasafe.com
Phone
1-617-398-7067
Sub-policy 9
https://www.verasafe.com/privacy-services/dispute-resolution/submit-dispute/:
Home
Public Resources
Submit a dispute
Welcome to the VeraSafe dispute resolution system for all VeraSafe self-regulatory programs, as well as disputes under the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF), the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework, Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework, U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework, and U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework. If you have a complaint or dispute concerning a participant of our program(s), you can submit the form below. This service is provided at no cost to the general public. VeraSafe will review your complaint and will try to facilitate a resolution. We can only accept complaints that meet our basic eligibility requirements.
When you submit a complaint, you will receive an automatic reply indicating that VeraSafe has received your complaint. We may need to contact you to gather additional information about your complaint. Our investigation typically starts within two business days of receiving your submission.
Additional resources:
VeraSafe Privacy Program Certification Criteria
Terms of the VeraSafe Data Privacy Framework Dispute Resolution Procedure
Notice: JavaScript is required for this content.
Email
info@verasafe.com
Phone
1-617-398-7067