Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY. WHEN YOU USE ANY GAME, APP, or SERVICE FROM EDEN GAMES SA, ITS SUBSIDIARIES OR AFFILIATES (“EDEN GAMES”) YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTOOD, AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS.
EDEN GAMES respects your privacy and understands the importance of protecting your personal information. We will only collect information we need to fulfill your requests and our legitimate business objectives. We will never send you marketing communications without your consent, and we will never share your personal information with third parties that are not bound by our privacy policy unless you tell us we can.
By downloading or using any Game or App or by registering for an Account, we may transfer and store your account information. By registering, you agree that EDEN GAMES may process your data in accordance with the following privacy policy and that you will abide by EDEN GAMES’ Terms of Service.
BY DOWNLOADING OR USING A GAME OR APP OR BY REGISTERING FOR AN ACCOUNT, YOU AGREE TO THE EDEN GAMES PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT USE ANY EDEN GAMES GAME, APP OR SERVICE. If we change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes to this Privacy Policy, the home page or other places so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material or significant changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you by email and/or by a notice at www.edengames.com and/or during log in. Revisions to terms affecting existing EDEN GAMES SERVICES shall be effective thirty (30) days after posting. Your continued use of our Games, Apps and services will signify your acceptance of the changes to our Privacy Policy.
1. EDEN GAMES ONLINE PRIVACY POLICY: INTRODUCTION
EDEN GAMES respects the privacy rights of consumers and recognizes the importance of protecting the information collected about you. We have adopted this global Privacy Policy to explain how we store and use personal and non-personal information we collect online on our websites, during your use of our website, online products and/or services (including online game play).
EDEN GAMES DOES NOT KNOWINGLY COLLECT INFORMATION FROM CHILDREN UNDER 13. IF YOU ARE UNDER 13, PLEASE DO NOT SUBMIT ANY PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION TO EDEN GAMES.
2. WHAT IS PERSONAL INFORMATION AND WHEN DOES EDEN GAMES COLLECT IT?
EDEN GAMES collects both personal and non-personal consumer information. Personal information collected by EDEN GAMES is discussed below in this section. Non-personal information is discussed below in Section 3.
A. Personal Information collected by EDEN GAMES
Personal information is information that identifies you and that may be used to contact you online or off-line. EDEN GAMES may collect personal information during registration and/or use of our Games, Apps and Services.
EDEN GAMES also may maintain log files which contain IP addresses. An IP address is a numeric address that may be assigned to your computer by your Internet Service Provider. In general, we use log files to monitor activity in our Games and Apps and to troubleshoot technical problems. In the event of user abuse of our Games, Apps or Services, however, we may block certain IP addresses. If available, IP addresses and device IDs may be used to personally identify you in order to enforce our Terms of Service.
B. Personal information provided to EDEN GAMES by Third Parties
We may also receive other personal information from third parties in connection with the operation and distribution of our Games, Apps and Services as well as market and demographic studies that we use to supplement personal information provided directly by you. As with all other information, we use this data only for purposes consistent with this policy.
3. WHAT IS NON-PERSONAL INFORMATION AND WHEN DOES EDEN GAMES COLLECT IT?
Non-personal information, alone, cannot be used to identify or contact you. EDEN GAMES collects non-personal information about your use of our Games, Apps and Services.
A. What types of non-personal information does EDEN GAMES Collect?
When you use EDEN GAMES Games, Apps and Services, we may collect certain non-personal demographic information including gender, zip code, information about your computer, hardware, software, platform, media or mobile device. We also collect other non-personal information such as feature usage, game play behaviors. scores, user rankings as well as other data that you may provide in surveys, via your account preferences and online profiles or through purchases, for instance. We may also receive either non-personal or public information from third parties in connection with market and demographic studies that we use to supplement personal information provided directly by you.
B. How does EDEN GAMES collect non-personal information?
EDEN GAMES collects non-personal information in addition to personal information when you use our Games, Apps and Services. In addition, we might use cookies and other technologies to passively collect non-personal demographic information, personalize your experience on our sites.
1. Cookies
Cookies are small files applied to your Internet browser to track movements within websites. We may link cookie information to personal information. Cookies link to information regarding what items you have viewed. Also, we may use cookies to deliver content specific to your interest and to monitor website or game usage. Most browsers are automatically set to accept cookies whenever you visit a website. You can disable cookies or set your browser to alert you when cookies are being sent. Please note that this privacy policy covers the use of cookies by EDEN GAMES only and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
2. Analytic metrics tools and other technologies
EDEN GAMES may also use its own proprietary analytic metrics tool and other analytics technologies to collect non-personal information when you use our online products and services.
4. WHAT HAPPENS TO THE INFORMATION EDEN GAMES COLLECTS?
A. How EDEN GAMES uses your information
EDEN GAMES uses your information to operate EDEN GAMES’ Games, Apps and Services, fulfill your specific requests, and to send you profile and account-related information. In addition, if you choose to receive communications from us about EDEN GAMES products and news, the personal information you provide will allow us to send you messages about things including new features, enhancements, contests and events of interest. You may also later opt out of this service from EDEN GAMES.
B. Will EDEN GAMES share my information with third parties?
EDEN GAMES will never share your personal information with third parties without your consent. We may, however, share non-personal data in the aggregate (in a form that does not personally identify you) with third parties. You may also opt in to allow EDEN GAMES to share your personal information with companies and organizations that provide products or services that we believe may be of interest to you.
From time to time, EDEN GAMES may employ third party contractors to collect personal information on our behalf to provide email delivery, product, or promotional fulfillment, contest administration, credit card processing, shipping or other services on our sites. When requesting these services, you may be asked to supply your name, mailing address, telephone number and email address to our contractors. We ask some third party contractors, such as credit agencies or market research firms, to supplement personal information that you provide to us for our own marketing and demographic studies, so that we can consistently improve our sites and to better meet our visitors’ needs and preferences.
When our third party contractors collect and/or have access to the personal information you provide to EDEN GAMES, EDEN GAMES requires that they adhere to our stated privacy policies and protect the confidentiality of personal information they collect or have access to in the course of their engagement by EDEN GAMES. These third parties are prohibited from using your personal information for any other purpose without your specific consent.
We may also disclose personal information to law enforcement, or the appropriate civil authorities to enforce legal rights and comply with the law, or to comply with an order from a government entity or other competent authority, or when we have reason to believe that a disclosure is necessary to address potential or actual injury or interference with our rights, property, operations, users or others who may be harmed or may suffer loss or damage, or when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, combat fraud and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on EDEN GAMES.
5. WHERE IS THE INFORMATION HELD?
EDEN GAMES utilizes data storage facilities located in the United States, Canada, France, Ireland and England.
6. HOW DOES EDEN GAMES PROTECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
The security of your personal information is important to us. We follow generally accepted industry standards, including the guidelines developed by the Online Privacy Alliance and the US Federal Trade Commission to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and in storage. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially reasonable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. If you have any questions about security on our website, please contact us at privacy@edengames.com.
7. REVIEW, CORRECTION OF YOUR INFORMATION, REQUESTING REMOVAL FROM MAILING LISTS AND DEACTIVATING AN ACCOUNT
You can correct, update or delete your account information at any time, depending on the Game, App or Service by logging on our site, navigating to the Games and Apps account settings or by contacting support@edengames.com. We will be happy to review, update or remove information as appropriate. We may still retain your information in our files however, to resolve disputes, enforce our user agreement, and due to technical and legal requirements and constraints related to the security, integrity and operation of Games, Apps and Services.
8. PUBLIC INFORMATION INCLUDING USER GENERATED CONTENT, ONLINE FORUMS, BLOGS AND PROFILES
You may choose to disclose information about yourself in the course of contributing content to EDEN GAMES sites or in public online chat rooms, blogs, message boards, user “profiles” for public view or in similar forums on our sites. Information that you disclose in any of these forums is public information, and there is no expectation of privacy or confidentiality there.
You should be aware that any personally identifiable information you submit in the course of these public activities can be read, collected, or used by other users of these forums, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in these forums.
If you post a video, image or photo on one of our sites for public view you should be aware that these may be viewed, collected, copied and/or used by other users without your consent. We are not responsible for the videos, images or photos that you choose to submit to EDEN GAMES’ site.
9. YOUR CONSENT IS IMPORTANT TO US
It is important to us that where we collect, use or disclose your personal information we have your consent to do so. Depending on the sensitivity of the personal information, your consent may be implied, deemed (using an opt-out mechanism) or express. Express consent can be given orally, electronically or in writing. Implied consent is consent that can reasonably be inferred from your action or inaction.
You may change or withdraw your consent at any time, subject to legal or contractual restrictions and reasonable notice, by contacting us at privacy@edengames.com. In some circumstances, a change in or withdrawal of consent may severely limit our ability to provide services to, or acquire products or services from, you. All communications with respect to such withdrawal or variation of consent should be in writing and addressed to your consultant or our Officer.
10. CONTACT INFORMATION
If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, you should contact the EDEN GAMES Privacy Policy Administrator at privacy@edengames.com.