Privacy policy
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy.
Our use of your personal data
Your privacy is important to us and we will only process your personal data in accordance with our Privacy Policy and relevant personal data regulation.
We will collect and use of personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes.
We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.
Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We will not sell user information to a third party.
We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.
If you have any questions please contact us at
hello @ joinraft.com
.
Data processing necessary to provide the Service
In order to provide the intended functionality of the service we store the following data:
Profile picture.
First and last name of the user.
The unique identifier used to sign up, i.e email adress, phone number or Facebook account.
Connections made with other Raft users.
Events added or RSVPed to, along with event messages, invites and notes.
As you continue to use the Services, you will regularly provide Raft with further personal data. It follows from the nature of the Services that we must process such data that you upload to the Services to enable the Services, for example, we will process plans added, likes added and chat messages sent to present your daily plans and kconnections with your close ones. This processing is a pre-requisite for us being able to offer the Services to you.
If you connect to the Service using Facebook Raft will collect information such as your name, profile picture, country, hometown, email address, date of birth and gender.
The right to be forgotten
In compliance to GDPR any user can be asked to be removed from the service along with any data stored about them.
Please send an email to hello @ joinraft.com to notify us on your removal request.
Portability
You have the right to receive your personal data which you have provided to Raft, in accordance with relevant personal data regulation, provided that such request does not adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.
Please send an email to hello @ joinraft.com to post your portability request.
Usage data collected
We use third-party vendors to collect generic usage information such as button clicks, added events and messages sent in order to:
Improve experience, functionality and stability. This information is collected and stored by the third party applications Mixpanel and Crashlytics, both compliant with GDPR.
Notify users of relevant information about the service and events such as invitations and chat messages. This information is collected and stored by the third party application Mixpanel, compliant with GDPR.
Profiling
Raft analyze the usage of the Services, in order to provide you as a user with the most relevant features of the Services as possible with regard to your personal goals. In analyzing the usage of the Services, Raft will process certain data for so-called profiling. Profiling means processing of your and other users’ personal data to analyze or predict aspects of your use of the Services and behavior. The data processed will be user habits where we will track actions taken by you such as when you move between screens, press buttons and take actions on the Services. The purposes of the profiling is to monitor how engaged users are in different features of our Services, find out ways to make the Service more effective vary the features or content to better match your individual usage patterns and preferences.
Opt-out from profiling
In case you do not want Raft to use your personal data for the purpose of profiling, you may at any time opt-out from sending an email to hello @ joinraft.com
Marketing
It should be noted that marketing sent by Raft to you on the basis of a customer relationship as a legal ground for processing personal data, does not require a consent. Such data will be processed and used in compliance with relevant personal data regulation.
You hereby consent to Raft using personal data for profiling and marketing purposes via emails, notifications, or in-app messages. Profiling will be used for marketing purposes to enable personalized and relevant offers to you, based on your preferences, see more above under Profiling.
Marketing will only be sent to you by Raft; no personal data will be transferred to third parties for marketing purposes (other than possibly to service providers on assignment by Raft, however these providers do not have any rights to use the data for any other purposes than to what they have been assigned to, on behalf of Raft).
Opt-out from marketing
In case you do not want Raft to use your personal data for the purpose of marketing, you may at any time opt-out from receiving any further messages by clicking the "unsubscribe" link at the bottom of such a message or send an email to hello @ joinraft.com.