Privacy Policy on Host’s personal data processing
Pursuant to Article 13 of Legislative Decree No. 196 of 30 June 2003 and Article 13 of Regulation (EU) 2016/679, the company ISEO Serrature S.p.A., with registered office in Pisogne (BS) at Via S. Girolamo no. 13, E-mail: iseo@iseo.com, certified email: iseoserrature@raccomandata-ar.com, in its capacity as data controller, hereby informs you that the data you shall provide upon installation of this application, and subsequently through the performance of the contract, shall be processed exclusively through electronic means with the exclusive purpose of performing the obligations under the contract as well as accounting and tax purposes.
The processing of the data you have provided shall be based on principles of lawfulness, purpose, transparency, fairness, quality, relevance and non-excessiveness, in compliance with your fundamental rights and liberties as well your dignity, with particular reference to the protection of confidentiality and personal identity, as well as the right to data protection.
The data shall be processed, without requiring your consent, to perform the licence agreement you have entered into, and, in any case, consequently for exclusively accounting and tax purposes, in order to comply with the related obligations pursuant to law.
Providing the data requested, and, in any case, sent while performing the obligations under the contract, is not in any way mandatory, however, if you refuse to provide such data, you will not be able to install the application and obtain the related services from its use.
Your data shall neither be disclosed nor disseminated, however, they shall be made available to the data processor, appointed as Sofia S.r.l. with registered office in Lodi (LO) at Piazza della Vittoria no. 47, E-mail: info@sofia-srl.it, certified email: sofiasrl2015@legalmail.it.
Your data shall also be made available to employees and contractors of the data controller and the data processors specifically appointed as persons in charge of processing. Such persons are instructed and trained on compliance and obligations pursuant to laws on personal data protection.
Your data shall be processed for the purposes of executing contractual obligations, until the termination of the licence agreement and, subsequently, for accounting and tax purposes. Such data shall be stored for the length of time required by Italian accounting and tax laws.
You benefit from the rights provided under Article 7 of Legislative Decree No. 196/03 and Chapter III of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 and, more specifically, the right to obtain confirmation as to whether or not personal data concerning you exist and communication of such data in intelligible form. You have the right to be informed of the source of the personal data, of the purposes and methods of the processing, of the logic applied, of the identification data concerning data controller, data processors and the designated representative, of the entities or categories of entity to whom or which the personal data may be communicated and who or which may get to know said data in their capacity as designated representative(s) in the State’s territory, data processor(s) or person(s) in charge of the processing.
The law also recognises the right to obtain updating, rectification or integration of the data, and erasure, anonymisation or blocking of data that have been processed unlawfully, as well as obtain certification to the effect that the above operations have been notified to the entities to whom or which the data were communicated or disseminated.
You may also object to any processing of personal data for promotional purposes or, in any case, for legitimate reasons, to data processing that concerns you, even though it may be relevant to the purposes for which it was collected.
We hereby inform you that the law in force allows you to request the portability of your data, and in any case, to file a complaint to the Italian Data Protection Authority if you believe that there has been breach of the rules governing data processing. For more information on filing a complaint please see the indication on the website www.garanteprivacy.it.
I HAVE READ THE ABOVE
NEXT