Privacy Policy
At
Plume Labs
, protecting your personal data is our priority.
When you use the application Plume Labs (hereinafter the "
Application
"), the application Flow, our web applications and websites, our AQ101 online course, our skill Amazon Alexa or our Google Home App, we may collect personal data about you.
The purpose of this policy is to inform you about how we process your personal data in compliance with Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data (hereinafter the "
GDPR
").
Plume Labs is an AccuWeather company. Learn more here:
https://corporate.accuweather.com/company/about-us/
.
1. Who is the data controller?
The data controller is PLUME LABS, simplified joint stock company, registered with the Registry of Trade and Companies of Paris under the number 803 473 974 and whose head office is located at 40, rue du Louvre, 75001 Paris, FRANCE (hereinafter “
Us
” or “
We
”).
2. What personal data we collect?
Personal data is a data that identifies an individual directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name.
We may collect the following personal data:
Identification data
(e.g. first name, surname, email and postal addresses);
Data relating to your preferences on the Application
(e.g. your choices of towns, choices of temperature unit, main activity, type of notification);
Login data
(e.g. IP address, date of connection, “in-app” events);
Location data
(e.g. your GPS position, speed and altitude);
Data related to air quality measurements
(e.g. N02, COV, PM);
Data related atmospheric measurements
(e.g. temperature and relative humidity);
Flow sensor data
(e.g. battery level, the blower speed rotation, ID).
Please note that if you consent to the processing of your location data in order to calculate your exposure to pollution, through our Application, we will collect and process your precise location within a street and record your movements as long as the Flow sensor is connected to your phone via Bluetooth and the Application is active.
All this personal information is carefully protected and used exclusively for the purpose for which it was originally shared with us.
3. On what legal basis, for what purposes and for how long do we keep your personal data?
Purpose 1: To manage your access to our applications and your use of our services
Legal basis
Performance of a contract to which you are party and taking steps at your request prior to entering into a contract with Us.
Data retention period
Your personal data are retained for a period of 2 years started from your last activity from your account. Location data, measurements and sensor data are archived after 6 months from inactivity of the account. Your data will be deleted if you request it.
Purpose 2: To create a database of registered members, users, customers and prospects
Legal basis
Our legitimate interest in developing and promoting our business
Data retention period
For our customers: personal data are retained for the duration of contractual relationship, and then for 3 years for prospecting purposes. For our prospects: personal data are retained for a period of 3 years starting from the last contact with Us for prospecting purposes.
Purpose 3: To send newsletters, requests and direct marketing mailings
Legal basis
For our customers: our legitimate interest in winning customer loyalty and informing our customers of our latest news For our prospects: your consent
Data retention period
Newsletters: Personal data are retained for 1 year after the last account activity or until you withdraw your consent. You can unsubscribe at any time with the link at the bottom of the newsletter. Requests and promotional messages: Personal data are retained for 1 years from the last contact with Us or until you withdraw your consent.
Purpose 4: To elaborate commercial and audience statistics of our services
Legal basis
Our legitimate interest in analyzing the composition of our customer base and improving our services
Data retention period
Personal data are retained for the time needed to draw up statistics, for a maximum period of 6 months from the date of the data collection.
Purpose 5: To manage your opinions and comments about our products, services or content
Legal basis
Our legitimate interest in knowing the opinions of our customer base in order to improve our services
Data retention period
Data are retained for 2 years from the filing of the opinion.
Purpose 6: To personalise our answers to your information requests
Legal basis
Our legitimate interest in responding to your inquiries
Data retention period: Personal data are retained for 2 years from the last contact with Us.
Purpose 7: To comply with our legal and regulatory obligations
Legal basis
To comply with our legal and regulatory obligations
Data retention period
For invoices: invoices are archived for a period of 10 years.The data relating to your transactions (but not your banking data) are retained for a period of 5 years.
Purpose 8: To process data subjects’ requests to exercise their rights
Legal basis
Our legitimate interest in responding to your requests and keeping records of them
Data retention period
If we ask you a proof of identity: we only retain it for the necessary time to verify your identity. Once the verification has been carried out, the proof is deleted.If you exercise your right to object to direct marketing: we keep this information for 3 years.
4. Who are the recipients of your personal data?
Will have access to your personal data:
The staff of our company who need to have access to this data in the course of their duties
Our processors: hosting provider, mailing provider, statistic tool, authentication and account security management tool, solutions for online sales of Flow sensors;
Our partners: logistic partners of order management and delivery;
Some of our partners in the context of studies for which there is a contractual relationship between you and the partner;
If applicable: public and private organisations, exclusively to comply with our legal obligations.
Our parent company AccuWeather Inc
5. Are your personal data likely to be transferred outside the European Union?
Your personal data is hosted for the duration of the processing on the servers of the companies OVH SAS, located in France, and Amazon Web Services, located in the European Union.
As part of the tools, we use (see article on the recipients of your personal data, especially our processors), your personal data may be transferred outside the European Union. The transfer of your personal data in this context is secured with the use of following safeguards:
Either personal data are transferred to a country that has been recognized as ensuring an adequate level of protection by a decision of the European Commission, in accordance with article 45 of the GDPR : in this case, this country ensures a level of protection deemed sufficient and adequate to the provisions of the GDPR; or
The personal data are transferred to a country whose level of data protection has not been recognized as adequate to the GDPR : in this case these transfers are based on appropriate safeguards indicated in article 46 of the GDPR, adapted to each provider, including but not limited to the execution of Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the European Commission, the application of Binding Corporate Rules or under an approved certification mechanism; or
The personal data are transferred under the any appropriate safeguards described in Chapter V of the GDPR.
6. What rights do you have regarding your personal data?
You have the following rights with regard to your personal data:
Right to be informed
: this is precisely why we have drafted this privacy policy as defined by articles 13 and 14 of the GDPR.
Right of access
: you have the right to access all your personal data at any time as defined by article 15 of the GDPR.
Right to rectification
: you have the right to rectify your inaccurate, incomplete or obsolete personal data at any time as defined by article 16 of the GDPR.
Right to restriction of processing
: you have the right to restrict the processing of your personal data in certain cases defined in article 18 of the GDPR.
Right to erasure (“right to be forgotten”)
: you have the right to request that your personal data be deleted and to prohibit any future collection as defined by article 17 of the GDPR.
Right to file
a complaint to a competent supervisory authority (in France, the CNIL), under GDPR article 77, if you consider that the processing of your personal data constitutes a breach of applicable regulations.
Right to define instructions related to the retention, deletion and communication of your personal data after your death
(article 40-1 of French law “informatique et libertés”).
Right to withdraw your consent at any time
: for purposes based on consent, Article 7 of the GDPR provides that you may withdraw your consent at any time. Such withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of the processing carried out before the withdrawal
Right to data portability
: under specific conditions defined in article 20 of the GDPR, you have the right to receive the personal data you have provided us in a standard machine-readable format and to require their transfer to the recipient of your choice.
Right to object
: You have the right to object to the processing of your personal data as defined by article 21 of the GDPR. Please note that we may continue to process your personal data despite this opposition for legitimate reasons or for the defense of legal claims.
You can exercise these rights by writing us through the contact details listed below. For this matter we may ask you to provide us with additional information or documents to prove your identity.
7. What cookies we use?
For more information on cookie management, we invite you to consult our Cookies policy :
https://plumelabs.com/en/cookies/
8. Contact information for data privacy matters
Contact a customer representative : "Need Help?" button on
https://plumelabs.com
Contact email : support@plumelabs.com
Contact address : Plume Labs, 40, rue du Louvre, 75001 Paris, FRANCE
9. Modifications
We may modify this privacy policy at any time, in particular in order to comply with any regulatory, jurisprudential, editorial or technical change. These modifications will apply on the date of entry into force of the modified version. Please regularly consult the latest version of this privacy policy. You will be kept posted of any significant change of the privacy policy.
Entry into force: 12/17/2021