Privacy Policy
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS APP. BY ACCESSING OR USING OUR APP OR OUR SERVICES (OTHER THAN TO READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY FOR THE FIRST TIME), YOU AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY.
Effective & Last Modified December 19, 2017
Nixes EOOD. (“we”, “our”, “us” or “Company”) is pleased to offer you access to this software application and its related “Website” at
http://trigraphyapp.com
(together, the “App”). Your use of the App is subject to the terms set forth in this Privacy Policy and any other terms we may provide you. We have adopted this Privacy Policy to detail the types of information we collect when you use our App, how we use the information we collect from you, the instances in which we may share your information with others, and the choices and options you have to restrict our collection and/or sharing of your information.
A. WHAT INFORMATION DOES THE APP OBTAIN AND HOW IS IT USED?
The App typically collects two kinds of information about you: (a) information that you provide that personally identifies you (“PII”); and (b) information that does not personally identify you, which we automatically collect when you use the App or that you provide us (“non-PII”).
(1) Personally Identifiable Information (“PII”):
Our definition of PII includes any information that may be used to specifically identify or contact you, such as your name, postal address, phone number, etc. As a general policy, we do not automatically collect PII when you access or use the App. In certain circumstances, we may request, allow or otherwise provide you an opportunity to submit PII in connection with a feature, program, promotion or some other aspect of our App. For instance, you may: (a) provide your name, postal/shipping address, email address, and phone number when registering with our App, or in connection with a contest entry; (b) provide certain demographic information about you (e.g., age, gender, purchase preference, usage frequency, etc.) when participating in a survey or poll; or (c) post a general comment and/or recommendation on our App. Certain information may not be personally identifiable when standing alone (e.g., your age), but may become so when combined with other information (e.g., your age and name). Whether or not you provide this information is your choice; however, in many instances this type of information is required to participate in the particular activity, realize a benefit we may offer, or gain access to certain content on our Website. For example, while registration is optional and free, if you do not register you may not be able to use some of the features offered by the App.
(2) Non-Personally Identifiable Information (“non-PII”):
Our definition of non-PII is any information that does not personally identify you. Non-PII can include certain PII that has been de-identified; that is, information that has been rendered anonymous. We obtain Non-PII about you from information that you provide us, either separately or together with your PII. We also automatically collect certain Non-PII from you when you access our Website. We may also receive non-PII from third party sources. This information can include, but is not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device’s unique device ID, the IP address of your mobile device, general geographic information, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browsers you use, search terms, other applications you have downloaded, and information about the way you use the App. Finally, please note that the App uses a platform provided by Zendesk, Inc., (“Zendesk”) for feedback and support, and other optional services (“Service Platform”), which is accessible directly through the App. When you submit PII and/or non-PII to the Service Platform, that information is submitted to both us (pursuant to this Privacy Policy) and Zendesk (pursuant to its separate privacy policy at that is accessible via the Services Platform).
B. HOW WE USE & SHARE INFORMATION OBTAINED VIA THE APP?
(1) PII:
The PII you submit to us is generally used to carry out your requests, respond to your inquiries, better serve you, or in other ways naturally associated with the circumstances in which you provided the information. We may also use this information to later contact you for a variety of reasons, such as customer service, providing you promotional information for our products or those of our parent company, subsidiaries or other affiliated companies (“affiliated companies”), or to communicate with you about content or other information you have posted or shared with us via our App. In certain instances we may also share your PII with our third party vendors performing functions on our behalf (or on behalf of our affiliated companies) – e.g., vendors that process credit card orders, administer our promotions, provide us marketing or promotional assistance, analyze our data, assist us with customer service, etc. Our vendors agree to use this information, and we share information with them, only to carry out our requests. In addition, we may share your PII with participating sponsors to a program or promotion (e.g., a sweepstakes or contest) you enter via our App and/or co-promotional partners and others with whom we have marketing or other relationships. Except as provided in this Privacy Policy or as disclosed when you submit the information, your PII will not be shared with or sold to any third party for that third party’s own business use without your prior approval.
(2) Non-PII:
We use Non-PII in a variety of ways, including to help analyze use of our App, understand customer needs and trends, carry out targeted promotional activities, and to improve our App or services. We may use your Non-PII by itself or aggregate it with information we have obtained from others. We may share your Non-PII with our affiliated companies and third parties to achieve these objectives and others, but remember that none of this information will personally identify or otherwise be tangibly associated with you.
C. OTHER USES AND INFORMATION
(1) Email Communications:
In certain instances we may communicate with you via email. For example, we may communicate with you via email if you request a particular service or sign up for a feature that involves email communications, the email relates to a purchase you have made with us, we are sending you information about our other products and services, or you consented to being contacted by email for a particular purpose. You may “opt out” of receiving future commercial email communications from us by clicking the “unsubscribe” link included in most emails we send, or as provided below; provided, however, we reserve the right to send you transactional emails such as customer service communications.
(2) Transfer of Assets:
As we continue to develop our business, we may sell or purchase assets. If another entity acquires us or all (or substantially all) of our assets, the PII and non-PII we have about you will be transferred to and used by this acquiring entity, though we will take reasonable steps to ensure that your preferences are followed. Also, if any bankruptcy or reorganization proceeding is brought by or against us, all such information may be considered an asset of ours and as such may be sold or transferred to third parties.
(3) Extraordinary Circumstances:
We reserve the right to disclose any PII or Non-PII about you if we are required to do so by law, with respect to copyright and other intellectual property infringement claims, or if we believe that such action is necessary to: (a) fulfill a government request; (b) conform with the requirements of the law or legal process; (c) protect or defend our legal rights or property, our App, or other users; or (d) in an emergency to protect the health and safety of our App users or the general public.
(4) Sharing of Content:
Within the App, you may be provided the option to share content (e.g., a picture, text, etc.) directly with social networking or other platforms (e.g., Facebook, Pinterest, etc.). If you choose to share any content from the App with a third party platform, please note that you are agreeing to that platform’s use of your content and information consistent with its relevant privacy and other policies – not this Privacy Policy. We are not responsible for the privacy practices employed by any third party platform.
(5) Children:
The features, programs, promotions and other aspects of our App requiring the submission of PII are not intended for children. We do not knowingly collect PII from children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with PII, he/she should contact us at
hi@trigraphyapp.com
. We will delete such information from our files within a reasonable time.
D. CHANGES
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy at
https://nixes.io/pixa-shift/privacy/
. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use of the App is deemed approval of all changes. ill certain requests while allowing you access to certain benefits and features of our App.
E. SOLE STATEMENT
This Privacy Policy as posted on the App is the sole statement of our privacy practices with respect to the App, and no summary, modification, restatement or other version thereof, or other privacy statement or policy, in any form, is valid unless we post a new or revised Privacy Policy consistent with the above terms.
Sub-section Policy: 