PRIVACY POLICY
Last time updated: 21.02.2023
GENERAL INFO
Hello, it’s Reality Games. Please read these Terms of Service,
Privacy Policy and any other documents referred to below
carefully (collectively called as the "Terms"). It governs the privacy terms of our website, located at reality.co, our games, and any other services and tools provided by us (collectively the “Services”).
ABOUT REALITY GAMES
The Services are operated by Reality Games (London) Ltd. We are registered in England and Wales under company number 08983817 and have our registered office at Office 212, 15 Ingestre Place, Soho Ingestre Place, London, England, W1F 0JH. Reality Games (London) Ltd. is a personal data controller (shortly “Data Controller ”).
Your personal data is also processed by Reality Games SA, ul. Jana Nowaka-Jeziorańskiego 3, 31-154 Kraków, Poland; KRS: 0000912367 (“Data Processor”).
YOUR PRIVACY
We follow all legal requirements to protect your privacy. Our Privacy Policy is a legal statement that explains how we may collect information from you, how we may share your information, and how you can limit our sharing of your information.
The collection, processing of your personal data takes place in compliance with the provisions applicable under the Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC (General Data Protection Regulation).
PERSONAL DATA PROCESSING
Personal data is only collected so far as it is technically required to provide the Services, improve it and run analyses.In no case will the data collected be sold or unlawfully passed on to third parties for any other reasons.
Personal Data
While using our Services, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include: name(s) and surname(s), contact address(es), location, cookies and software usage data.
We may use your personal data to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email we send or by directly writing to us.
Usage Data
We may also collect information on how the Services is accessed and used. The usage data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Services that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on in our Services, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
Tracking & Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Services and hold certain information.
Cookies are files with a small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyse our Service.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Services.
Examples of cookies we use: session cookies (we use these cookies to operate our Services) and preference cookies (we use these cookies to remember your preferences and various settings).
Information Shared with Third Parties
We share Anonymous Data with third parties for industry and market analysis. We may share Personal data with our third-party publishing partners for their direct marketing purposes only if we have your express permission. We do not share personal data with any other third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
Information Disclosed for Our Protection and the Protection of Others
We cooperate with government and law enforcement officials or private parties to enforce and comply with the law. We only share information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties when we reasonably believe necessary or appropriate: (a) to respond to claims, legal process (including subpoenas and warrants); (b) to protect our property, rights, and safety and the property, rights, and safety of a third party or the public in general; and (c) to investigate and stop any activity that we consider illegal, unethical, or legally actionable.
Information Disclosed in Connection with Business Transactions
Information that we collect from our users, including personal data, is a business asset. If we are acquired by a third party as a result of a transaction such as a merger, acquisition, or asset sale or if our assets are acquired by a third party in the event we go out of business or enter bankruptcy, some or all of our assets, including your personal data, will be disclosed or transferred to a third party acquirer in connection with the transaction.
WHAT ARE THE PURPOSES OF PROCESSING YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
We collect and process information held about you in the following ways:
To provide and maintain our Services
To provide customer support
To ensure that content from our services is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your supported hardware
To provide you with information, products or Services (in particular the apps we develop) that you request from us or which we feel may interest you, where you have consented to be contacted for such purposes
To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us;
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Services, when you choose to do so
To carry out traffic and software usage analysis
To notify you about changes to our Services
To improve and modify our products and Services (e.g. bug fixing, updates, apps development)
To manage your account you set up with us
To allow you and to manage your activities in our products and Services
To provide technical assistance
To provide you with our newsletters to which you subscribe and targeted marketing information
To notify you of changes to our Services and upcoming game releases.
We may also use your data, or permit selected third parties to use your data, to provide you with information about goods and services which may be of interest to you and we or they may contact you about these or in order to carry out usage, traffic analysis.
We do not disclose information about identifiable individuals to our advertisers, but we may provide them with aggregate information about our users. We may also use such aggregate information to help advertisers reach the kind of audience they want to target. We may make use of the personal data we have collected from you to enable us to comply with our advertisers' wishes by displaying their advertisement to that target audience.
DATA PROFILING
We gather and use personal data, such as your location, to offer special deals, sales, and bargains to you. You have the right to resign from profiling offers, but by opting out, you accept that the price of in-game virtual goods may increase significantly. If you wish to quit profiling, please, contact us at
dpo@reality.co
.
EMPLOYEE CANDIDATES PERSONAL DATA PROCESSING
We process the following personal data of yours:
name(s) and surname(s), date of birth, contact details, education, professional qualifications and data on the course of employment
and other personal data (e.g. image recorded on a photograph, information about disability), if provided by you. You are not obliged to do so, but sending us such data means that you have consented to the processing thereof for the purpose of recruitment.
We process your personal data for the purpose of assessing your qualifications for a certain position and for the purpose of making decisions on your candidacy and possible cooperation.
We process your personal data, which you are not obliged to provide, also for the purpose of evaluating your qualifications for a specific position and for the purpose of deciding on your application and possible cooperation.
We also process your personal data in order to evaluate your qualifications for a specific position in the future (future recruitment or when the recruitment was not announced, but you have sent us your CV).
WHERE WE STORE YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
The data we collect from you may be transferred to and stored at a destination outside the European Economic Area ("EEA"). They may also be processed by personnel operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers. Such personnel may be involved in, among other things, processing your order, processing payment details and providing support services. By submitting your personal data, you consent to such transfer, storage or processing. We will take all reasonable steps to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy. In case of such transfer we will base on contractual clauses which give personal data the same protection as it has in the United Kingdom or the EEA.
All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers. Any payment transactions will be encrypted using SSL technology. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our site or services, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.
Reality Games and our partners will take any reasonable actions regarding collecting and processing personal data, in a safe way using generally available technology that according to our knowledge could provide such a security and is known to be efficient and technically stable.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
HOW LONG WE WILL KEEP YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
We keep your personal data for as long as we need to provide the Services to you and fulfil the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. This is also the case for anyone that we share your information with and who carry out services on our behalf.
Of course, if we collect and process your personal data on your consent, we can do this as long as the contract between us is valid or until you withdraw your consent. When we no longer need to use your personal data and there is no need for us to keep it to comply with our legal or regulatory obligations, we will either remove it from our systems within 5 years.
Recruitment purposes
We keep your personal data u
ntil you withdraw your consent to the processing before or after the end of the recruitment process, or 5 years since the last recruitment process you participated in.
YOUR RIGHTS
You have the right to:
The data subject is entitled to obtain confirmation from the Controller as to whether personal data concerning him or her is being processed, and if this is the case, he or she is entitled to access it and the information provided in this provision.
access to their personal data, to rectify (correct, complete) them, to limit their processing or to delete them.
to transfer personal data provided to us, if the processing of such data is based on consent or contract and by automated means.
of these data is carried out on the basis of consent or agreement and by automated means.
to withdraw the consent given for the processing of personal data at any time. Revocation of consent to processing will not affect the lawfulness of the processing that was carried out before its withdrawal;
to object if your personal data is processed on the basis of the legitimate interest of the Administrator.
If you have any questions or requests regarding your personal data, please, contact us at
dpo@reality.co
or you can:
Lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority in charge of personal data protection if the processing of your personal data is deemed to violate the GDPR. The supervisory authority on the territory of the United Kingdom is the Information Commissioner's Office (Water Lane, Wycliffe House Wilmslow - Cheshire SK9 5AF United Kingdom,
https://ico.org.uk/
).
Contact the EU Representative, EDPO. (Avenue Huart Hamoir 71, 1030 Brussels, Belgium,
https://edpo.com/
).
AMENDMENTS TO PRIVACY POLICY
Any personal data that we collect is covered by the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is collected. We may make changes to this Privacy Policy from time to time. You will be given reasonable notice of any material change.