PRIVACY POLICY
This privacy policy governs your use of the software application for mobile devices that was created by AppMadang.
What information does the Application obtain and how is it used?
The Application does not collect information from users.
Does the Application collect precise real time location information of the device?
This Application does not collect precise information about the location of your mobile device.
Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the Application?
We do not share your information with third parties.
Children
We do not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should contact us at appmadang.help@gmail.com. We will delete such information from our files within a reasonable time.
Security
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our Application. Please be aware that, although we endeavor provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
Changes
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy here and informing you via email or text message. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes. You can check the history of this policy by clicking here.
Contact us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at appmadang.help@gmail.com.