Privacy Policy
This policy applies to all information collected or submitted on PlaceMaker’s website and our mobile applications for iOS and Android.
Information we collect
We collect aggregate, anonymous statistics about app and site usage and crashes, and about searches and places added to lists.
Like most websites and apps, we also store information through the use of software that may be transparent to users. For example, we may log your IP address and general information about your browser or device.
Premium subscription asking to share email, ZIP code, etc.
If you subscribe to PlaceMaker with PlaceMaker Plus or Routific Route Optimization in the app, an Apple system dialog may ask you to optionally share your email address, postal code, or other information with PlaceMaker.
We don’t want this data, and we encourage you to decline.
We don’t care who you are or where you live.
But at the time of writing, Apple does not offer PlaceMaker a way to opt out of this data collection, and it will be available to us from anyone who opts in. If we ever access this data, we will never disclose it to any third parties.
Information Collected By PlaceMaker
When sharing a list, PlaceMaker stores your email address and the shared list in Google Firebase.  If you would like a copy of the information stored by PlaceMaker or would like us to remove your data, please send an email to placemaker @ qworkly.com or contact us through the application.
Additional information collected by anonymous analytics
PlaceMaker’s iOS app includes limited components of Google’s Firebase to provide crash reporting and basic analytics to help us improve the app. These are aggregate, anonymous statistics, such as the percentage of users who use particular features.
For users that aren't sharing lists, PlaceMaker does not have or share your email address or any other personal data with Google. Other data, such as podcasts being played or shared, may be shared anonymously for aggregate statistical analysis to further improve the app.
Information usage
We use the information we collect to operate and improve our website, apps, and customer support.
We do not share your personal information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to accomplish PlaceMaker’s functionality, except as specified above for analytics.
We may disclose your information in response to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal requirements; to exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims; to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud or abuse, violations of our policies; or to protect our rights and property.
In the future, we may sell to, buy, merge with, or partner with other businesses. In such transactions, user information may be among the transferred assets.
Security
We implement a variety of security measures to help keep your information secure.
For instance, all communication with the app and services used for mapping and routing use HTTPS
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We comply with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
Your Consent
By using our site or apps, you consent to our privacy policy.
Contacting Us
If you have questions regarding this privacy policy, you may email
placemaker @ qworkly.com.
Changes to this policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.