|
About us
Company Overview
Our Journey
Games
Recolor
Recolor by Numbers
MyHospital
Dancing Diaries
Brand Campaigns and Partnerships
People
Kuuhubb team
Open positions
News
Press releases
Industry news
Subscribe to our newsletter
Investors
Why invest in Kuuhubb?
Global footprint
Stock information
Contact
Contact us
PRIVACY POLICY
Effective Date: 25th May, 2018
This Privacy Policy describes:
The ways we collect personal data about you
The reason why we collect personal data about you
How we use your personal data
The choices you have about your personal data.
This Privacy Policy applies to Kuuhubb’s games, apps, websites and related services, which we collectively refer to as the Service. We may periodically update this Privacy Policy by posting a new version on kuuhubb.com.
If we make any material changes, we will notify you by posting a notice in the Service prior to the change becoming effective. Your continued use of the Service after the effective date will be subject to the new Privacy Policy.
CONTACT US
If you have questions about data protection, or if you have any requests for resolving issues with your personal data, we encourage you to primarily contact us through the game so we can reply to you more quickly.
Name of the controller: Kuuhubb Oy
Address: Bulevardi 21, FI-00180 Helsinki, Finland
email: info@kuuhubb.com
THE DATA WE COLLECT
Data you provide us.
Contact information (such as name and email address)
Player name and password
Profile information (such as profile photo)
Your messages to the Service (such as chat logs and player support tickets)
Other data you choose to give us (such as data to identify a lost account)
Data we collect automatically.
Data about your account
Data about your game progress
Your IP address
Your mobile device identifiers (device ID, advertising ID, MAC address, IMEI)
Data about your device, such as device type and operating system, browser type and language
Data we collect with cookies and similar technologies (see below)
General location data
Precise geo-location data (GPS, with your consent)
Data about your use of the Service, such as gameplay data and your interactions with other players inside the Service
Data we collect from our partners.
Data we receive if you link a third-party tool with the Service (such as Facebook, Instagram, or Google)
Demographic data (to determine the coarse location of your IP address)
Data to fight fraud (refund abuse in games or click fraud in advertising)
Data from platforms that the games run on (to verify payment)
Data for advertising and analytics purposes (to provide you a better Service)
WHY WE COLLECT YOUR DATA
Our key reason to collect your data is to be able to deliver the Service. To perform the contract, we process data necessary to:
Create accounts and allow you to play our games and use our Service
Operate the Service
Verify and confirm payments
Provide and deliver products and services you request
Send you Service-related communications
To provide a great Service to our players, we have a legitimate interest to collect and process data necessary to:
Update and develop player profiles
Enable you to communicate with other players
Develop and improve the player experience
Manage our relationship with you
Provide social features
Customize your experience
Provide effective and efficient player support
Provide you offers in the Service as well as in other websites and services, and by email
Send you related information, such as updates, security alerts, and support messages
To show you personalized advertisements in the Service as well as in other websites and services (including email) we have a legitimate interest to process data necessary to:
Track the content you access in connection with the Service and your online behaviour
Deliver, target and improve our advertising and the Service
For information on how to opt-out from personalized advertisements, see section ‘Your rights and options’ below.
In order to keep the Service and its social features safe and fair, to fight fraud and ensure acceptable use otherwise, we have a legitimate interest to process data necessary to:
Analyze and monitor use of the Service and its social features
Moderate chat, messages and user comments, either automatically or manually
Take action against fraudulent or misbehaving players
In all of the above cases and purposes, we may analyze, profile and segment collected data.
With your consent, we may process your data for additional purposes, such as using your GPS location to show you local events.
WHO CAN SEE YOUR DATA
Apart from Kuuhubb, your data can be accessed by others in the following situations:
Other players and users may see your profile data, in-game activities and read the messages you have posted.
Partners working for Kuuhubb process your data only at and according to Kuuhubb´s instructions to provide the Service, such as hosting, player support, advertising, analytics and fraud prevention.
In order to combat fraud and illegal activity, we may exchange data with other companies and organizations and provide it to public authorities in response to lawful requests.
We may also disclose your data based on your consent, to comply with the law or to protect the rights, property or safety of us, our players or others.
The Service includes features from our partners, such as social media interaction tools and in-game advertising. These partners may access your data and operate under their own privacy policies. We encourage you to check their privacy policies to learn more about their data processing practices.
INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS
Our Service is global by nature and your data can therefore be transferred to anywhere in the world. Because different countries may have different data protection laws than your own country, we take steps to ensure adequate safeguards are in place to protect your data as explained in this Policy. Adequate safeguards that our partners may use include standard contractual clauses approved by EU Commission and the Privacy Shield certification in case of transfers to the USA.
YOUR RIGHTS AND OPTIONS
You may opt-out of receiving promotional communications, such as marketing emails from us by following the instructions in such communications.
You can opt-out of interest-based advertising on mobile applications by checking the privacy settings of your Android or iOS device and selecting “limit ad tracking” (Apple iOS) or “opt-out of interest based ads” (Android).
If you request, we will provide you a copy of your personal data in an electronic format.
You have the right to correct your data, have your data deleted, object how we use or share your data, and restrict how we use or share your data. You can always withdraw your consent, for example by turning off GPS location sharing in your mobile device settings. We will respond to all requests within a reasonable timeframe. If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact your local data protection authority within the European Economic Area for unresolved complaints.
COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES
Like most online services, we and our partners use cookies and similar technologies to provide and personalize the Service, analyse use, target advertisements and prevent fraud. You can disable cookies in your browser settings, but some parts of the Service may then not function properly.
HOW WE PROTECT YOUR DATA
In order to help ensure a secure and safe player experience, we are continuously developing and implementing administrative, technical and physical security measures to protect your data from unauthorized access or against loss, misuse or alteration.
We retain your data for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you the Service. We will for example periodically de-identify unused game accounts and we regularly review and de-identify unnecessary data.
Note that if you ask us to remove your personal data, we will retain your data as necessary for our legitimate business interests, such as to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
AGE LIMITS
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal data about or direct or target interest based advertising to anyone under the age of 16 or knowingly allow such persons to use our Services.  If you are under 16, please do not send any data about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address.  No one under the age of 16 may provide any personal data.  If we learn that we have collected personal data about a child under age 16, we will delete that data as quickly as possible.  If you believe that we might have any data from or about a child under the age of 16, please contact us.
USER ACCOUNT DELETION
Please refer to the instructions for account deletion,
click here to proceed.
Subscribe to our newsletter