PRIVACY POLICY
Last
Updated: April 03, 2023, with Effective Date April 03, 2023
IRONTECH
LIMITED
(ʺ
we
ʺ,
ʺ
us
ʺ
or ʺ
our
ʺ)
respects your privacy and understands that you care about your personal
information and how it is used. This Privacy Policy (
ʺPrivacy Policy
ʺ)
clarifies our privacy practices and describes how we collect, use, disclose and
otherwise process your personal information when you install and/or use (ʺ
use
ʺ)
"
Filterra- Filters for
Pictures
" software application for mobile devices
(hereinafter, ʺthe ʺ
App
ʺ or ʺ
our
App
ʺ)
, and explains the rights and choices
available to you concerning your personal information.
When
we refer to personal information (or personal data) we mean any information of
any kind relating to you as an identified or identifiable natural person. It is
a natural person who can be identified directly or indirectly, in particular by
reference to an identification number or one or more factors specific to your
physical, physiological, mental, economic, cultural, or social status.
And
namely personal information identifies, relates to, describes, references, is
capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or
indirectly, with you.
Our
Privacy Policy applies to all users, and others who access our App (ʺ
Users
ʺ).
PLEASE
READ THE FOLLOWING PRIVACY POLICY, FOR INFORMATION REGARDING THE WAYS YOUR
PERSONAL INFORMATION MAY BE PROCESSED, AND YOUR CHOICES REGARDING YOUR PERSONAL
DATA, CAREFULLY. WHEN YOU USE THE APP(S), YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ,
UNDERSTOOD, AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS.
Following
the EU General Data Protection Policy (EU-GDPR) and the UK General Data
Protection Regulation (UK-GDPR) we are the data controller unless otherwise
stated.
I. INFORMATION WE PROCESS AND
HOW WE DO THE PROCESSING
Depending
on the circumstances mentioned below, the following general categories of personal
information may be collected and otherwise processed:
Category
General Examples
A.
Identifiers
A real name, postal code, unique personal identifier, online
  identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, or other similar
  identifiers.
B.
Geolocation Data
Physical location or movements.
C.
Internet or other similar network activity
Information on your interaction with an application, or advertisement.
D.
Commercial Information
Records of personal property, products or services purchased,
  obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or
  tendencies.
PLEASE, NOTE
THAT:
No
audio, visual, or similar information can be collected from you.
In a
nutshell, under no circumstances no of your image or face data, whether made,
edited, or not, with help of the App shall be available to us, stored, or
otherwise processed by us.
It
means that we cannot collect store or use the data contained in your camera
roll or photo library.
After
you set the relevant settings on your mobile device for technical access to
your camera (to take photos)/photo library (to save photos), all visual data
(like images, photos, and portraits) that might be edited (processed) with help
of the App is stored locally on your device and/or in your iCloud storage and
is inaccessible to us. Only you can share files with a certain party by
exporting them through the App.
Moreover, we
do not collect any special categories of personal data about you
(this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical
beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union
membership, information about your health, and genetic and biometric data). Nor
do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offenses.
Also, we
cannot access or use your credit card or debit card information
.
Our
e-commerce provider (Apple) is responsible for billing, processing, and
charging for in-app purchases, handles your personal information, and keeps it
safe and secure. This information is processed as part of the performance of
the contract between you and us.
You
may access the applicable “in-app” purchase rules and policies directly from
the App Store.
We obtain
the categories of personal information listed above from the following
categories of sources:
1.1.
Directly from you
(Information that you submit):
Guided by the principle of
data minimization we designed our Apps in a way that doesn't require you to
sign up for an account to use the App. It means that you do not need to provide
us with any information that can be used to access the App (like full name,
username, the public username used on social media accounts, phone number(s),
e-mail address, or other similar information), however, when you decide to
contact us using the e-mail or support form (for example to inquire about the
App or to request support regarding the App usage) we may collect and use
whatever
contact information
(name, e-mail address, and any information that you provide, including the
contents of the messages or attachments) you send us via email or contact form when
it is necessary for the adequate
performance of the contract
between you and us.
We
use such information to respond effectively to your inquiry, fulfill your
requests, and send you communications that you request and perform the
requested services.
1.2.
Indirectly from you
(Information collected by automated means):
When you use the App, some
information about your mobile device and your user behavior may be processed
automatically. This information is generally non-personal, i.e. it does not, on
its own, permit direct association with any specific individual, and we may
access it only in aggregated form. We process this information on the ground of
our
legitimate interest
in improving our App and giving our Users the best experience. If we do not
access such data, we may not be able to provide you with all the features of
the App.
We use third-party automatic
data processing technologies to analyze certain information sent by your device
via our App (advertising or analytics tools). Some of them launch automated
processing of your personal data, including profiling, which means any form of
automated processing of personal data used to evaluate certain personal aspects
relating to you, in particular, to analyze or predict aspects concerning your
personal preferences, interests, behavior, location or movements (see the list
of data described below). Processing information through automatic data
processing technologies starts automatically when you launch the App.
The following are the types
of information we collect indirectly from you:
·
Device Details.
When
you use a mobile device to access the App, some details about your device are
reported, including “device identifiers”. Device identifiers are small data
files or similar data structures stored on or associated with your mobile
device, which uniquely identify your mobile device (but not your personality).
Device identifier enables generalized reporting or personalized content and ads
by our partners, service providers, and/or other third parties.
The following data can be
processed:
-
Information about the device
itself: type of your mobile device, type of operating system and its version,
model and manufacturer, screen size, screen density, orientation, battery, and device
memory usage.
-
Information about the
internet connection: mobile carrier, network provider, network type, Internet
Protocol (“IP”) address, timestamp and duration of sessions, speed, browser.
-
Location-related
information: IP address, the country code/ region/ state/ city associated with
your SIM card or your device, language setting, time zone, neighboring
commercial points of interest (eg. “coffee shop”).
-
Other
device identifiers: e.g. user identifiers like
Identify for Advertisers (IDFA), etc
. (if they are set up by the
App’s developer).
·
Information about the App.
Its
name, API key (identifier for the App), version, and properties of our App can
be reported for automated processing and analysis.
·
Cookies and similar technologies.
When
you use the App, cookies and similar technologies may be used (pixels, web
beacons, scripts). A cookie is a text file containing small amounts of
information that are downloaded to your device when you access the App. The
text file is then sent back to the server each time you use the App. This
enables us to operate the App more effectively. For example, we will know how
many users access specific areas or features within our App and which links or
ads they clicked on. We use this aggregated information to understand and
optimize how our App is used, improve our marketing efforts, and provide
content and features that are of interest to you. We may ask advertisers or
other partners to serve ads or services to the App, which may use cookies or
similar technologies.
·
Log file information.
Log
file information is automatically reported each time you request to access the
App. It can also be provided when the App is installed on your device. When you
use our App, analytics tools automatically record certain log file information,
including the time and date when you start and stop using the App, and how you
interact with the App.
·
Ad-related information.
The following data might be reported about the ads you can view: the date and
time a particular ad is served; a record if that ad was “clicked” or if it was
shown as a “conversation” event; what ad offer is about; what type of ad it is
(e.g., text, image, or video); which ad placement is involved (where the ad
offer is displayed within the App); whether you respond to the ad.
·
In-app events.
When
you use our App, analytics tools automatically record in-app information
(tutorial steps, payments, in-app purchases, custom events).
Information provided
automatically to advertising or analytics tools does not generally come under
our control, therefore we cannot be responsible for processing such
information. Please mind that some services are engaged in personal data
profiling and may obtain information related to your personality and/or your
device by using technologies that do not belong to our scope of responsibility.
We do not control, supervise or stand surety for how the third parties process
your personal data, that might be collected by their means (not through our
App). Any information request regarding the disclosure of your personal
information should be directed to such third parties (see Section III).
II. THE PURPOSES OF
PROCESSING YOUR PERSONAL DATA
Our mission is to constantly
improve our App and provide you with new experiences. As part of this mission,
we use your information for the following purposes:
(a)
To provide the App, maintain,
improve, test, and monitor the effectiveness of our App.
We use information you provide to us directly and
information that is processed automatically to provide and deliver the App to
you as well as to better understand User behavior and trends, detect potential
outages and technical issues, support the existing functions of the App, and to
add new features and services to the App.
(b)
To provide you with interest-based (behavioral)
advertising or other targeted content
. We may use information that is processed
automatically
for marketing purposes (to show ads that may be of
interest to you based on your preferences). We provide personalized content and
information to you, which can include online ads or other forms of marketing.
(c)
To
communicate with you.
We
may use information that is processed automatically to send you push
notifications with technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and
administrative messages. Similarly, we
use your contact information to respond to you
when you contact us.
(d)
To prevent fraud and spam, and to enforce the law
. We aimed our App to be free of spam and fraudulent
content so that you feel safe and free. We may use your information to prevent,
detect, and investigate fraud, security breaches, and potentially prohibited or
illegal activities, protect our trademarks, and enforce our Terms of Use.
If any new purposes for
processing your personal data arise, we will let you know we start to process the
information for that other purpose by introducing the corresponding changes to
this Privacy Policy.
III. INFORMATION SHARING
AND DISCLOSURE
We will share your
information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this
Privacy policy.
We will not rent or
sell your personal data to any third parties, but we may share your information
from tools like log files, device identifiers, and location data, with
third-party organizations that provide automatic data processing technologies
for the App. We do not control or influence these third parties tracking
technologies or how they may be used.
We may also share
certain information such as cookie data with third-party advertising partners.
This information allows third-party ad networks, inter alia, to deliver
targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you.
Please note that
while integrating external tools and services we choose legal entities that can
assure they apply all necessary technical and organizational measures to
protect personal data. However, we cannot guarantee the security of any
information transmitted from us to any such legal entity. We are not
responsible for any accidental loss or unauthorized access to your personal
data through the fault of such legal entities. These legal entities are
separately responsible for their privacy policies and practices.
The following
categories of recipients (third-party providers and advertising partners) may
be engaged by us in the processing of your information for a variety of
business purposes (namely to provide us with the necessary infrastructure for
the delivery and improvement of our App, and to perform App-related services):
Entity Name
Services performed
Entity Location
Link to Privacy Policy
Amplitude Inc.
Analytics Service Provider
U.S.A.
https://amplitude.com/privacy
Apple Inc.
Cloud storage Service Provider
U.S.A.
https://www.apple.com/lae/privacy/
Appodeal, Inc.
Analytics and Ad management Services
  Provider
U.S.A.
https://www.appodeal.com/home/privacy-policy/
https://www.appodeal.com/home/ccpa-privacy-policy/
AppsFlyer UK LTD
Analytics Service Provider
UK
https://www.appsflyer.com/privacy-policy/
Facebook Inc.
Analytics Service Provider
U.S.A.
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
Google LLC
Analytics Service Provider
U.S.A.
https://firebase.google.com/policies/analytics/
https://firebase.google.com/terms/crashlytics-app-distribution-data-processing-terms
The above-said
legal entities provide us with automatic data processing technologies for the
App and deliver data processing, payment processing, and other services to us
concerning the App, and may be involved in the other types of services and
activities otherwise discussed in this Privacy Policy. That is why the App may
contain tracking and data collection and analytics tools and other automatic
data processing technologies for the App provided to us by such legal entities,
and that is why third-party companies may have access to and collect data and
information about you (within the categories of personal information mentioned
above), such as your device identifier, IDFA (Identifier for advertisers),
Designated Market Area (DMA), geo-location information, IP address, application
usage, access and session times, and your viewing of and interactions with
advertising, provided and delivered as described in further detail below.
Please note that
all third-party service providers, as well as advertising partners that are
engaged in processing user data, are service providers that use such
information based on agreement and according to business purposes.
In case you want to
learn more about these services and their privacy options (including an opt-out)
please consult the correspondent websites and privacy policies. We are not
responsible for any usage of your personal data by the abovementioned third
parties in violation of our instructions.
Please, note that
the App may include links to third-party websites/services, plug-ins, and
applications (for example, allowing Users to share certain content and
information on social media platforms), or you may access the App from a
third-party site. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may
allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these
third-party websites/services, plug-ins, and applications, and are not
responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these third-party
websites/services, plug-ins, and applications linked to or from our App,
including the information or content contained within them. We encourage you to
read the privacy notice of every website you visit/service, plug-in, and
application you use.
In addition to the
above, we may disclose your personal information if needed for objective
reasons, due to public interest, or in other unforeseen circumstances:
- as required by
law;
- when we believe
in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your
safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government
request;
- if we are
involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets,
you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice in our App of any
change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any
choices you may have regarding your personal information.
It means that your
personal information may also be disclosed to the following categories of recipients:
·
Government
and law enforcement officials, courts.
·
Authorized Agents
(for example, when you
decide to designate an authorized agent to submit requests on your behalf).
·
Affiliates.
(for example, when
corporate audit, analysis, consolidated reporting, or compliance with
applicable laws is needed).
IV.
INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS
We
work in the cross-border area and provide our App to our Users around the
world.
We
and the legal entity that provides automatic data processing technologies for
the App or our third-party advertising partners may transfer the automatically
processed information across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to
other countries or jurisdictions around the world.
Please
note that we may transfer information, including personal data, to a country
and jurisdiction that does not have the same data protection laws as in your
jurisdiction.
This
means that your personal information can be transferred to a third country, a territory,
or one or more specified sectors within that third country, or to an
international organization where data protection and confidentiality
regulations may not provide the same level of protection of a personal data as
your country does.
We
try to make sure that the recipient of any personal data provides proper
protection of the personal data received, following the current legislation on
the protection of such information. By using the App, you agree that we may
transfer your personal data to any third country, a territory, or one or more
specified sectors within that third country, or to the international
organization.
For
data storage, we recourse to the services of the hosting organizations. We take
your privacy seriously and, therefore, encrypt your personal data – if possible
- before sending it to the hosting organizations for its storage. Please note
that we cooperate only with those hosting organizations that have passed our
security and reliability check.
V.
HOW LONG DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We
generally retain your personal information for as long as is necessary for
performing the functional service of the App and to comply with our legal
obligations. If you no longer want us to use your information that we
physically access and store, you can request that we erase your personal
information.
However,
some data may still be stored for a certain period (but no longer than the
storage purpose requires) if the information is necessary to comply with a legal
obligation (taxation, accounting, audit) or to maintain safety and data backup
settings, prevent fraud or other malicious acts.
VI.
SECURITY
The
security of your personal information is important to us. We follow generally
accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to
us, both during transmission and once we receive it.
We
take reasonable and appropriate measures to protect personal information from
loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction,
taking into account the risks involved in the processing and the nature of the
personal information.
We
implement appropriate technical and organizational measures, which are designed
to implement data-protection principles, such as data minimization, effectively
and to integrate the necessary safeguards into the processing. We seek your
personal data to be encrypted with proper and strong encryption algorithms,
including hashing where possible.
Unfortunately,
no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage,
is 100% secure. We do our best to protect your personal data, nevertheless, we
cannot guarantee its absolute security. If your personal information is
compromised as a breach of security, we will promptly notify you in compliance
with applicable law.
If
you have any questions about the security of our App, you can contact us
through the email displayed below.
VII.
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
Our
App, and the services our App provides, are not directed to children under the
age of 18 (or older if required in an applicable jurisdiction to comply with
applicable laws). Therefore, we do not knowingly collect or solicit any
personal information from children under 18 (or older if required in an
applicable jurisdiction to comply with applicable laws). No one under age 18
(or older if required in an applicable jurisdiction to comply with applicable
laws) may provide any personal information to the App. If you are under 18 (or
older if required in an applicable jurisdiction to comply with applicable laws),
then
DO NOT DOWNLOAD OR USE the App
.
If
we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 18
(or older if required in an applicable jurisdiction to comply with applicable
laws), we will erase that information as quickly as possible. If you believe
that we might have any information from or about a child under 18 (or older if
required in an applicable jurisdiction to comply with applicable laws), please
contact us
.
VIII. YOUR RIGHTS AND CHOICES
If
you are a resident of the European Economic Area, your rights to access, edit,
and delete your information can be found in clause
8.1.
of this section.
If
you are a California resident, your rights to access, edit, and delete can be
found in clause
8.2.
of this section.
If
you are not a resident of the EEA or California, depending on your location,
you may be able to make requests to access, correct, and/or delete certain
personal information that you provide to us. For your protection, we may
require proof and verification of identity and jurisdiction of residency before
we can answer the above requests. If you wish to make such a request, you may
contact us at
privacy@irontech.mobi
. If we change or delete your
personal information or if you decline to actively share certain personal
information with us, we may not be able to provide you with some of the
features and functionality of the App. Once we have verified you, we will honor
such requests at our discretion and under applicable law.
8.1.
Information
for Individuals in the European Economic Area (EEA) and the UK
If you reside in
the European Economic Area ("EEA") or the UK, applicable privacy laws
(in particular EU-GDPR and UK-GDPR respectively) give you certain rights
regarding your personal data.
According to both EU-GDPR and
UK-GDPR, you have the following options concerning your personal data that was
collected:
Data Access and Portability.
You can request copies of your personal
     information.
Change or Correct Data.
You have the right to ask us to correct,
     change, update, or rectify your data.
Data Retention and Deletion.
The User data is generally retained for as
     long as it is needed to provide you with the App. However, specific
     retention times can vary based on the context of the processing performed.
     You have the right to ask to delete all or some of the personal data that
     is held about you.
Restriction of Processing.
Under certain circumstances, you may have
     the right to limit how your personal information is used.
To exercise any of
the rights described above, you can contact us through the [
contact form
]. Please bear in mind that we ensure
the above-mentioned rights only concerning the information that we physically
access and store.
When your personal
information is processed automatically you may object to such processing in
some circumstances. Where your personal information is processed for direct
marketing purposes, you may ask to cease processing your data for these direct
marketing purposes. To exercise your right please contact the recipients listed
in Section III of this Privacy Policy to learn how you can object to processing
your data. Most of them have clear instructions on their privacy pages,
functional API, or other options.
If you don’t want
us to share device identifiers and geolocation data with service providers,
please check your device settings to opt-out as described
below >>
If you are located
in the European Union, you may address us when you have questions on privacy
issues by sending an email to privacy@irontech.mobi.
If you are located
in the UK, you may address our representative in the UK when you have questions
on privacy issues by sending an email to ukrep@irontech.mobi.
8.2.
Information
for Residents of California: Your California Privacy Rights
The California
Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA) provides those who reside in the State of
California with specific rights regarding their personal information. This
section describes your CCPA rights and explains how to exercise those rights.
The
CCPA provides consumers (California residents) with the following rights
regarding their personal information:
·
Right to Access.
You have the right to request that we disclose, no more than twice in twelve
months, any of the following for the period that is twelve months before the
date the request is made:
-
The categories of
personal information we have collected about you.
-
The categories of sources
for the personal information we have collected about you.
-
The business or
commercial purpose for our collecting or selling your personal information.
-
The categories of third
parties to whom we share your personal information.
-
The specific pieces of
personal information we have collected about you.
-
Whether
we have sold or disclosed your Personal Information for a business purpose, and
if so,
two separate lists disclosing:
o
sales, identifying the
categories of personal information that we have sold about you in the prior 12
months as well as the categories of third parties to whom we sold that personal
information, by category or categories of personal information for each
category of third parties to whom your personal information was sold; and
o
disclosures for a
business purpose, identifying the categories of personal information that we
have disclosed about you in the prior 12 months as well as the categories of
third parties to whom we disclosed your personal information, by category or
categories of personal information for each category of third parties to whom your
personal information was disclosed.
Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer
request, data outlined in this section above (Right to Access) will be
disclosed to you.
·
Deletion
rights.
You have the right to request that we delete any
of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject
to certain exceptions
outlined in the CCPA.
Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete
(and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our
records, unless an exception applies.
·
Right to Opt-Out (“Do Not
Sell”).
You have the right to tell us not to disclose or
transfer your personal information to a third party in exchange for something
of value.
The
CCPA refers to this as your right to say “Do Not Sell” my personal information.
We do not sell personal
information, as noted herein.
If
we decide to sell personal information in the future, we will post an
appropriate notice and opt-out method, and we will not sell any personal
information previously collected.
However, if you don’t want
us to process your personal information any further, please contact us through
the [
contact
form
]. In most cases, there is no way to
maintain the App’s further operating without functional data therefore you will
be advised to remove the App from your device.
If you don’t want us to
share device identifiers and geolocation data with third-party service providers,
please check your device settings as described
below
>>
·
Non-discrimination.
You
are entitled to exercise the rights described in this section free from
discrimination. This means that we will not discriminate against you in a
manner prohibited by the CCPA because you exercise your CCPA rights.
Unless permitted by the
CCPA, we will not:
-
Deny you goods or
services.
-
Charge you different
prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or
other benefits, or imposing penalties.
-
Provide you with a
different level or quality of goods or services.
-
Suggest that you may
receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or
quality of goods or services.
Now,
when you are aware of your California privacy rights, please note, the
following:
·
All
the categories of personal information listed in Section I of this Privacy
Policy
ʺ
I.
INFORMATION WE PROCESSʺ has been collected by us from Users within the last
twelve (12) months.
·
In
the preceding twelve (12) months, we have disclosed your personal information
included in each of the categories of personal information A, B, C, and D
listed in Section I of this Privacy Policy ʺI. INFORMATION WE PROCESSʺ
for each business purpose
described above depending on your use of the App described herein.
·
We
are not in the business of selling information about you to anybody, which
indicates that no personal information of yours has been sold ever.
How
to Exercise Your California Privacy Rights
To
request access to your personal information or request deletion, please submit
a verifiable consumer request to us by either:
-
[
contact form
];
-
e-mail: privacy@irontech.mobi
Consumers
may exercise these rights via an authorized agent who meets the agency
requirements of the CCPA. Only you or a person registered with the California
Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf may make a
verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may also
make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.
Please,
include the wording “Consumer rights to maintain confidentiality in the state
of California”
in the text of your request.
Any request you submit to us is subject to an
identification and residency verification process, so when submitting a
verifiable request, you should be ready to:
·
Provide
sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person
about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative,
which may include: name, address, city, state, zip code, and email address. We
may use this information to surface a series of security questions to you to
verify your identity. If you are requesting an authorized agent acting on your
behalf, the such authorized agent must provide written authorization confirming
or a power of attorney, signed by you.
·
Describe
your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand,
evaluate, and respond to it.
We
will not be able to respond to your request or provide you with personal
information if we cannot: (i) verify your identity or authority to make the
request, or (ii) confirm the personal information that relates to you. We may ask
you for additional information or documents to verify your identity. We may
also carry out checks, including with third-party identity verification
services, to verify your identity before taking any action with your personal
information. This is regarded as a safeguard measure to prevent disclosure of
your personal information under a fake or scum request.
We ensure that personal
information provided in a verifiable consumer request will be used only to
verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request and not for
any other purpose. We will keep it for the adequate term reasonably needed for
the purpose described above and delete it after the purpose is fulfilled.
We
try to respond to a verifiable consumer request within forty-five (45) days of
its receipt. If we require more time, we will inform you of the reason and
extension period in writing. Please note that we are only required to respond
to two requests per customer each year.
IX.
HOW TO OPT-OUT
Opt-out of marketing tracking
If you don’t want third-party
service providers to use data concerning you to personalize ads on the basis of
your interests you should choose option "Limit Ad Tracking" on your
iOS device in Settings/ Privacy/ Advertising, please find additional information
here:
https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT202074
;
You can also visit
https://youradchoices.com
for the same purpose. (Please, bear in mind that we
have no control over this web site and any decisions it provides).
Please mind when you opt out
of certain interest-based advertising, you may still continue to receive
contextual ads based on other non-personal information, such as ads related to
the content of other digital products you are using.
Opt-out of Location Data
Processing
If you don’t want third-party
service providers to use your precise location data, or street-level location
information about you, you should turn Location Services off for the applicable
Product via the menu “Settings > Privacy > Location Services”. Then select
the applicable App and set the “Share My Location” status to “Never”. Please
see additional information here:
https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT203033
.
Also, as mentioned above, we
may occasionally send you push notifications or alerts to inform you about
certain offers, news, and tips concerning the App even if our App is not
currently open or in use. If you want to opt-out from receiving these types of communications,
you can manage your push notification preferences or disable these
notifications by turning off the notification settings in the settings of your
mobile device at any time. Bear in mind that if you do that, the App may lose
full functionality or we will not be able to provide you with any important
notifications like privacy notices.
It should be noted that you
can stop all information collection regarding your App usage by uninstalling
the App using the standard uninstall process for your device. If you uninstall
the App from your mobile device, some information concerning you may still be
stored as described in Section V above.
X.
CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY POLICY
We
recognize that information privacy is an ongoing responsibility, and so we will
from time to time update this Privacy Policy as we undertake new personal data practices
or adopt new privacy policies.
Whenever
we change this Privacy policy, we will post those changes to this Privacy Policy
and other places that we consider appropriate. Additional forms of notice of
modifications or updates as appropriate under the circumstances may be provided
to you.
XI.
HOW TO CONTACT US
If
you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact
us via [
contact
form
] or send your message to
privacy@irontech.mobi
.
Copyright © 2023 IRONTECH
LIMITED.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://amplitude.com/privacy:
Privacy Notice
Table of Contents
1. Introduction
2. What This Privacy Notice Covers
3. Personal Data We Collect And How We Use The Personal Data
4. When Amplitude Discloses Personal Data
5. Customer End User Data
6. International Transfer
7. Our Commitment To Data Security
8. Your Choices About How We Use And Disclose Information We Collect From You
9. Other Information About Our Privacy Practices
10. Updates And Changes To The Privacy Notice
11. Disputes
12. California Privacy Rights
13. Contact Us
14. Cookies
15. Previous Privacy Version
Last Updated: September 26, 2023
1. Introduction
Amplitude, Inc. ("
Amplitude
," "
we
," or "
us
") is a cloud-based product-analytics platform that helps customers build better products. Amplitude respects the privacy of individuals and is committed to protecting the information of visitors to the website ("
Visitors
") and individuals or entities that register to use the Amplitude products and services ("
Customers
"). This Privacy Notice describes Amplitude’s practices for collecting, storing, using, disclosing, and otherwise processing information in relation to Visitors of the website, amplitude.com, including our Community Forum and Amplitude Academy ("
Website
"), Amplitude’s marketing activities, and Customers accessing and using our products and services (collectively, "
Product
").
Please read the following carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information collected through the Website, through your use of the Product, and through our marketing activities. If you do not agree with the below policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Website or register to use our Product, or to unsubscribe from our marketing.
2. What This Privacy Notice Covers
This Privacy Notice covers how we treat Personal Data that we gather about you in the course of our business, including when you access or use our Website or Product and through our or our partner’s events and marketing activities. Specifically, Amplitude is the controller of your Personal Data as described in this Privacy Notice, when it collects personal information from: (i) Visitors to Amplitude’s publicly available Website; (ii) Customers and their employees or other authorized users of their Amplitude instance when registering to use and using the Product; and (iii) when we receive personal information from or about you through our sales and marketing activities or events.
Throughout this Privacy Notice, "Personal Data" means any information that identifies or relates to a particular individual and also includes information referred to as "personally identifiable information" or "personal information" under applicable data privacy laws, rules or regulations.
For clarity, this Privacy Notice does not apply to Customer End User Data (as defined below) submitted by our customers to the Product. In those circumstances, Amplitude is processing Customer End User Data on behalf of that customer and that customer is responsible for the collection and use of your data. In addition, this Privacy Notice does not apply to the mobile applications, websites or services offered by our Customers or other third-parties. You should refer to that customer’s or third party’s privacy notice and direct any inquiries to them.
3. Personal Data We Collect And How We Use The Personal Data
3.1
PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT
The Personal Data you provide to us directly
You provide your Personal Data to us when you voluntarily fill in forms on our Website such as when you request a demo or to contact sales. This Personal Data may include: first and last name, company name, job title, work email address, country and/or state, phone number and the content of your request.
You may also share Personal Data with us through our Website when you register for an event or online webinar or training; sign up to receive our newsletter; subscribe to our blog; register to contribute and participate in our Community Forum or use Amplitude Academy; download a white paper or playbook; or complete a survey. This Personal Data may include: first and last name, company name, job title, work email address, country and/or state, phone number and the content of your request.
In order to access and use the Product, you are required to register for an account with us. When you register for an account, you may provide Personal Data to us, including first and last name, company name, job title, work email address, country and/or state, phone number, and username and password.
You may also provide Amplitude with your personal information at a marketing event or through marketing activities. This Personal Data may include: first and last name, company name, job title, work email address, work address, phone number and the content of your request.
If you attend an in-person or virtual event or agree to be recorded in a telephone or video meeting, we may record some or all of that event or meeting. For events, we may also document the event by taking photos or interviewing you at the event. We use this information for business and marketing purposes and training purposes.
You may choose to participate in an Amplitude program that allows you to pay fees with a credit or debit card, in which case you may provide your credit card or other payment details information directly to our third party payment processor. As explained below, Amplitude does not store this information.
The Personal Data we collect from third party sources
Amplitude may obtain Personal Data about you from third parties, including, but not limited to, marketing event organizers, partners, resellers, and public databases and websites.
Service providers
. For example, we may use third party providers of business contact information. The Personal Data provided to Amplitude by these Service providers about you may include your first and last name, company name, job title, business mailing addresses, business email addresses and business phone numbers, and LinkedIn URLs for purposes of delivering relevant Product updates and information, email content, advertisements and events.
Advertising partners.
We receive information about you from some of our service providers who assist us with marketing or promotional services, related to how you interact with our Website, event promotions, advertisements or communications. Amplitude requires that any third party providing us with Personal Data contact information has obtained the information lawfully and has the appropriate consent to share the information with Amplitude.
Google’s API Services.
Amplitude integrates Google’s Application Programming Interface (API) Services to allow users the option of logging into our platform with their Google credentials. If you choose to login to the Amplitude platform with Google’s API services, Google may share with us your email, name, and your unique Google ID so we can identify and authenticate you as a user. We do not share your data with any other parties, other than as may be necessary to provide our services to you. Amplitude’s use of information received from Google’s APIs will adhere to the
Google API Services User Data Policy
.
Targeted Online Advertisements:
We use third party service providers to help us understand our marketing efforts and to reach potential customers across the web. These third parties may use targeting and advertising cookies to track your online activity and across different channels, including our websites, email, and other websites and applications, to understand your interests, to display an advertisement for Amplitude, or email you with a marketing communication for Amplitude.
This Privacy Notice does not apply to, and we are not responsible for, cookies in third party ads. You should check the privacy policies of advertisers and/or ad services to learn more about their use of cookies and your information.
Information We Collect Automatically:
As you navigate through and interact with our Website or Product, we may use cookies, which are small files placed on your computer or mobile device, and web beacons, which are small electronic files located on pages of the Website or in email communications, to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions and events, and patterns. You can learn more about cookies and how we use them
here
.
We also use cookies to access information when you sign in, store your preferences, interact with certain functionality in the Product, to keep you logged in, and to store a limited amount of behavioral data.
The data automatically collected from cookies and web beacons may include information from your Web browser (such as browser type and browser language) and details of your visits to our Website, including traffic data, logs about your login history, identity confirmation, page views, length of visit and website navigation paths as well as information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address and connecting software. We collect this data in order to help us provide, support and improve our Website, the Product and the user experience with our Website and Product, and for network and information security purposes. You can learn more about cookies and how we use them
here
.
Additionally, Amplitude may use cookies and similar technologies to collect information about our Customers' interactions with the Product in a manner that allows us to reproduce and fix issues and to identify areas of improvement for our Product. Customers can opt out of the use of this software during their use of the Product by contacting us at privacy@amplitude.com.
The information we collect automatically may also include statistical and performance information arising from our Customers’ use of our Product and Visitors to our Website. This type of data will only be used by us in an aggregated and anonymized manner.
3.2
THE WAY AMPLITUDE USES YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We use Personal Data that we collect about you or that you provide to us as is necessary to run our business and to carry out day-to-day business activities. How we use the Personal Data we collect depends in part on how you choose to communicate with us, how you use our Website and/or Product and interact with us, and any preferences you have communicated to us. In general, we use the Personal Data in order to respond to a request from you, to carry out our legal obligations, to fulfill a contract with you, to provide the Product or other services to you, to make improvements to the Product, to protect your vital interests, to provide you with notices and for other purposes with your consent as described below.
We use the Personal Data you provide to us when you fill in forms on our Website to respond to your request, provide requested information, and to contact you about that request. Our legal basis for processing this personal information is our legitimate interest in communicating with you and fulfilling your requests.
We may use your Personal Data to provide the Product to you, including to make improvements to the Product and understand your preferences to personalize your experience, as well as for non-marketing or administrative purposes (such as notifying you of major changes to the Website, the Product or for customer service purposes). Our legal basis for processing this Personal Data is in the performance of our contract to provide the Product or other services to you.
We also use the Personal Data you provide to us for the purpose of operating our Website and Product; to detect bugs, report errors and to maintain the quality and safety of our Website and Product; and for ensuring the security and integrity of our Website and Product. Our legal basis for processing this personal information is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of and security of our Website and Product.
For Personal Data that we collect through tracking technologies about your interaction with our Website and Product, we use this information for analyzing the use of the Website and Product in order to improve the quality and design, user experience, and performance of our Website and Product. Our legal basis for processing this type of data is our legitimate interests, namely, to provide you with a better user experience.
For Personal Data we collect through targeted or online advertising cookies, we use this information to display and measure engagement with advertisements across different devices and sites and to serve you with marketing materials.
We may use the Personal Data you provide to us at marketing events, when you register for an online webinar or download a whitepaper for the purpose of offering, marketing and selling products and services to you or to communicate with you about an event. Our legal basis for processing this Personal Data is consent, which you can withdraw at any time.
We may also use any of your Personal Data identified in this Privacy Notice for the purposes of: (i) enforcing our agreements and policies, including Terms of Service or Main Service Agreement, (ii) protecting or defending Amplitude’s legal rights; (iv) protecting your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person; or (v) complying with a legal obligation.
We may use your Personal Data for any other business purpose stated when collecting your Personal Data or as otherwise set forth in applicable data privacy laws.
We will not collect additional categories of Personal Data or use the Personal Data we collect for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice.
As noted in the list above, we may communicate with you if you’ve provided us the means to do so. For example, if you’ve given us your email address, we may send you promotional email offers or email you about your use of the Product or Website. Also, we may receive a confirmation when you open an email from us, which helps us improve our Website and Product. If you do not want to receive communications from us, you can unsubscribe from marketing communications or email us with your preferences at privacy@amplitude.com or ccpa@amplitude.com.
3.3 LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING PERSONAL DATA FOR EEA, UK, AND SWISS VISITORS AND CUSTOMERS
If you are an individual in the European Economic Area (“
EEA
”), United Kingdom, Switzerland, or another relevant jurisdiction, we collect and process Personal Data about you only where we have a legal basis or bases for doing so under applicable laws. The legal bases depend on how you use the Website and/or Product, the Product your organization has purchased or uses, how you choose to interact and communicate with Amplitude’s Website and Product, and whether you attend Amplitude events. However, we will collect Personal Data only where we have your consent to do so, where we need the Personal Data to perform a contract with you, or where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect Personal Data from you and we will endeavor to make that clear at collection.
4. When Amplitude Discloses Personal Data
We may disclose Personal Data that we collect or you provide to us as described below.
We may disclose Personal Data that we collect or you provide to us to our subsidiaries and affiliates.
We may share your Personal Data collected from you as described in this Privacy Notice with third-party service providers who need to access the Personal Data in order to perform services on behalf of Amplitude, such as processing or storing such information, securing our Website or Product, or providing analytics services on our behalf. The third-party service providers are limited to using the Personal Data solely to provide the services to us and are bound by contractual obligations to keep Personal Data confidential and secure and to use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them.
If you are part of an Amplitude program that allows you to pay fees with a credit card or debit card and you choose to pay such fees with a credit card or debit card, your credit card or debit card information is provided directly to our third-party payment processor, Stripe, to process the payments. The payment information is transmitted directly via an encrypted connection to Stripe. Stripe uses, processes and stores your Personal Data and payment information in accordance with Stripe’s privacy policy available at stripe.com/us/privacy. Amplitude does not collect or store your payment information. Stripe maintains that it is PCI compliant and you can learn more about Stripe’s security measures available at stripe.com/help/security.
We may share your Personal Data if we believe disclosure is necessary to comply with applicable laws, regulations, respond to a court order, subpoena or a government request (such as a search warrant). If a government request or other legal process requires Amplitude to disclose your personal data, then Amplitude will use reasonable efforts to provide you with prior notification of the disclosure unless Amplitude is prohibited by law from doing so.
Amplitude also reserves the right to disclose your Personal Data that Amplitude believes, in good faith, is appropriate or necessary to: (i) enforce our agreements and policies, including for billing and collection purposes, (ii) protect the security or integrity of the Website or Product; or (iii) protect or defend Amplitude’s legal rights.
In the event that Amplitude is acquired by or merged with a third party entity, we reserve the right, in any of these circumstances, to transfer or assign your Personal Data as part of such merger, acquisition, sale, or other change of control. In the unlikely event of our bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, receivership, or assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the application of laws or equitable principles affecting creditors rights generally, we may not be able to control how your personal information is treated, transferred, or used.
Amplitude may disclose anonymized and/or aggregated information about Visitors to the Website or our Customers’ use of the Product that does not identify any individual.
Amplitude makes available our Community Forum and other resources or materials where you may post user generated content. The information you choose to post is publicly available and may be read and collected by others that visit these sections of the Website. Except for the details in your profile (e.g., username), the categories of data disclosed in these circumstances will depend on what information you choose to provide.
Amplitude may disclose Personal Data to third-party business partners at your direction, if you access or request contact from the third-party business partners through the Product or Website or at a marketing event.
Amplitude may disclose Personal Data that we collect or you provide to us for any purpose disclosed by us when we collect the information or with your consent, such as advertising or marketing providers.
5. Customer End User Data
This Privacy Notice does not apply to Customer End Users, Customer End User Data or Customer Applications.
With respect to the Personal Data collected by our Customers and submitted to the Amplitude platform, Amplitude is a processor and only processes such Personal Data in accordance with the instructions of our Customers. Our Customers may integrate into their mobile applications, websites or other services (collectively, "
Customer Applications
") certain aspects of our Product in order to understand how their own users ("
Customer End Users
") engage with the Customer Applications ("
Customer End User Data
").
Our Customers, not Amplitude, choose the type of Customer End User Data collected by Customer Applications, and submitted and processed through our Customers’ use of the Products. We process the Customer End User Data only according to the instructions of Customers and our legal obligations with respect to the Customer End User Data is set forth in the agreement between us and our Customers. The collection of Customer End User Data through Customer Applications is governed by our Customers’ privacy policies, and if you are a Customer End User then you should review the Customer’s privacy policy to learn more about the Customer’s data handling practices.
While Amplitude recognizes that an individual has the right to access, delete and amend the data collected about that individual, Amplitude only has a relationship with our Customers and does not interact with the Customer End Users. As such, if you are a Customer End User and you would like to access, amend or delete your data, you need to contact the Customer directly with your request which Customer may process. Amplitude will respond within a reasonable period of time to any such request or assistance requested by our Customer.
Amplitude only retains the Customer End User Data we process on behalf of our Customers for as long as necessary to provide the Product to our Customers or as required to comply with legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce any agreement.
6. International Transfer
By interacting with the Website or using the Product or otherwise providing information to Amplitude, you understand that your Personal Data may be transferred to the United States or another country other than your country of residence and you consent to such transfer. In order to ensure that your Personal Data receives an adequate level of protection and security, Amplitude has implemented appropriate safeguards for cross-border transfers of Personal Data, as required by applicable data protection laws. These safeguards may include using the European Commission-approved standard contractual clauses to protect the transfer of your Personal Data to Amplitude’s corporate affiliates or service providers, if required by applicable law.
Amplitude complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“EU-U.S. DPF”), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“Swiss-U.S. DPF”) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Amplitude has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. DPF Principles with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Amplitude has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles (together, the “DPF Principles”), the DPF Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (“DPF”) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
For the actions of third party agents Amplitude engages to process data on our behalf, Amplitude remains responsible and liable under the DPF Principles if a third party agent processes the Personal Data in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless Amplitude proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
7. Our Commitment To Data Security
Amplitude uses commercially reasonable physical, managerial, and technical safeguards designed to secure your Personal Data from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. These measures include, for example, physical access controls, encryption, firewalls, and detection and monitoring. Our personnel who may have access to your Personal Data are required to keep that information confidential and trained on their security and privacy obligations.
You, however, are also responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and other information used by you to access the Website or use the Product. While Amplitude does its best to protect your Personal Data, any transmission of your Personal Data is done at your own risk and Amplitude cannot guarantee that such Personal Data may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards. Except as expressly required by law, we are not responsible for the theft, destruction, loss or inadvertent disclosure of your Personal Data or information. If Amplitude learns of a security systems breach, then we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps. Amplitude may post a notice on the Website or in Product if a security breach occurs. Depending on where you live, you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing.
8. Your Choices About How We Use And Disclose Information We Collect From You
We strive to provide you with choices regarding your Personal Data and we understand that you have the right to access, correct, delete, object to and restrict our use of your Personal Data. We also understand that you have the right to obtain a copy of your Personal Data from us and to withdraw your consent to the processing of your Personal Data by us. Please note that the rights set forth in this Section 8, unless otherwise noted, apply globally to all Visitors and Customers, whether or not you are a California resident or a resident of the EEA, United Kingdom, or Switzerland. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your Personal Data:
You may choose not to provide Personal Data through our Website or when you register for the Product, in which case Amplitude may not be able to provide certain services to you or respond to your requests.
You can access, review, correct and/or change your Personal Data by logging into your account on the Website or Product and visiting your account profile page. You may also send us an email at privacy@amplitude.com or ccpa@amplitude.com to request access to, correct or delete any Personal Data that you have provided to us. In some cases, we may not be able to delete your Personal Data except by also deleting your user account.
If you do not wish to have your email address or other contact information used by us to promote our own products or services, you can opt-out by checking the relevant box located on the form on which we collect your Personal Data, by updating your user or subscription preferences in your account profile(s), or by sending us an email stating your request to privacy@amplitude.com. If we have sent you a promotional email, you may unsubscribe to receive future emails via the unsubscribe link in that email or adjust your user preferences in your account profile as noted above. The opt out specified above does not apply to information provided to us as a result of a purchase, product service experience or other transactions. You cannot unsubscribe from non-promotional and transactional communications.
You may also request a copy of your Personal Data that you have provided to us directly by sending an email to privacy@amplitude.com or ccpa@amplitude.com. We will provide you a copy of your Personal Data in a commonly used electronic form.
If we collected and processed your Personal Data with your consent, where required by law, you can withdraw your consent at any time by emailing privacy@amplitude.com or ccpa@amplitude.com.
Depending on your country or state of residence, including if you are a California resident, you have the right to opt out of the sale of Personal Data, certain sharing of Personal Data with third party ad partners, and the right to limit the use or disclosure of sensitive personal information. We do not sell your Personal Data or use or disclose sensitive personal information for purposes other than those permitted by the CCPA. We may share Personal Data with third party ad partners, such as through cookies or by providing lists of email addresses for potential customers so we can reach them across the web with relevant ads. If you wish to opt out of sharing, you may adjust your preferences in the Cookie Settings.
If you wish to opt out of this sharing of your Personal Data with cookies on this domain, please update your Cookie Settings.
Please note to exercise the rights set forth above we may ask you to: (1) provide sufficient information to allow us to verify that you are the person about whom we have collected Personal Data, and (2) describe the request in sufficient detail to allow us to understand, evaluate, and respond to it. Each request that meets both of these criteria will be considered a "Valid Request." We may not respond to requests that do not meet these criteria. We will only use Personal Data provided in a Valid Request to verify you and complete your request. You do not need an account to submit a Valid Request.
We will work to respond to your Valid Request within 30 days of receipt. We will not charge you a fee for making a Valid Request unless your Valid Request(s) is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that your Valid Request warrants a fee, we will notify you of the fee and explain that decision before completing your request.
You may submit a Valid Request, or appeal our response to a valid request, by emailing us at privacy@amplitude.com or ccpa@amplitude.com with the appropriate information and detail.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights under the GDPR, CCPA or other applicable data privacy laws or regulations. We will not deny you our goods or services, charge you different prices or rates, or provide you a lower quality of goods and services if you exercise your rights under the GDPR, CCPA or other applicable data privacy laws or regulations.
9. Other Information About Our Privacy Practices
9.1
Our Retention Practices
Personal Data that Amplitude collects and processes as a controller for the purposes identified in this Privacy Notice are not kept by Amplitude for longer than is necessary for the specific purpose identified in this Privacy Notice, unless required to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your Personal Data to comply with applicable laws or regulations), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies. When we no longer have a legitimate business need to retain your Personal Data, we will either delete or anonymize it.
9.2
Children’s Privacy
Amplitude’s Website and Product are not directed at children. We do not knowingly collect or solicit Personal Data directly from individuals that are under the age of 13. If you are under 13, please do not provide or send us any Personal Data or attempt to register for or otherwise use the Product. If we learn that a child under 13 has directly provided us with their Personal Data through the Website or Product, or that we have collected information for a child under 13 through our marketing activities, then we will delete that information. If you believe a child under 13 has registered for an account on the Website or Product, or is receiving marketing materials from Amplitude, please contact us at privacy@amplitude.com.
9.3
Automated Decision-Making
Amplitude does not use any Personal Data provided by you for the purpose of automated decision-making or profiling.
9.4
Other Websites; Links
Our Website, Product or marketing materials may contain links to other third party websites or applications (such as Facebook, LinkedIn or Twitter). This Privacy Notice does not apply to any third party websites, including through any application that may link to or be accessible from or on the Website or Product, and Amplitude is not responsible for the privacy policies and the content of the third party websites or applications.
10. Updates And Changes To The Privacy Notice
Please note that we reserve the right, at any time, to add to, change, update, or modify this Privacy Notice, to reflect changes in our practices, technologies, additional factors, and to be consistent with applicable data protection and privacy laws or other legal requirements. The modified Privacy Notice will be posted on this website along with the effective date. If, in our reasonable discretion, the changes are material, we will provide you with additional notice (such as adding a notice on our Website, in the Product, or sending you an email notification). Changes to this Privacy Notice are effective when they are posted on this page.
11. Disputes
As part of our commitment to the DPF Principles, if you are a resident of the European Union, UK, or Switzerland and you have a privacy or data use concern, please contact Amplitude directly at privacy@amplitude.com and Amplitude will use its best efforts to address your concern within 45 days of receipt of your complaint. For an unresolved privacy or data use concern that Amplitude has not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S. based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolution
.
For any DPF disputes that cannot be resolved by the methods above, you may be able to invoke a binding arbitration process under certain conditions. To find out more about the DPF's binding arbitration scheme, please see Annex I of the DPF Principles, here:
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/article/Participation-Requirements-Data-Privacy-Framework-DPF-Principles-dpf
.
The Federal Trade Commission has investigation and enforcement authority over Amplitude’s compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF
12. California Privacy Rights
Under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 and its amendments (“CCPA”), California residents have certain rights to disclosures about how we collect, use, retain and disclose your Personal Data. This section addresses those requirements. For a description of all of our data collection, use and disclosure practices, please read this Privacy Notice in its entirety.
Personal Data Collection and Disclosure
Amplitude does not sell Personal Data as we understand the term “sell” to be defined by the CCPA. We share Personal Data, as we understand the term “share” to be defined by the CCPA, as set forth below.
The categories of Personal Data we may collect from you, from third parties, and from your interactions with us, and categories of third party recipients to whom we disclose such Personal Data for business purposes are set forth below. For additional detail about the Personal Data we collect and use and with whom we share this Personal Data and for what purpose, please review Sections 3 and 4 above.
Identifiers (such as name, email address, work address, and phone number)
Service providers; third parties
Commercial information (such as account records and transaction data)
Service providers; third parties
Internet or other network or device activity (such as browsing history or Website or Product usage)
Service providers
Geolocation data (such as country, city, or approximate location inferred from your IP address)
Service providers
Professional or employment-related data
Service providers; third parties
The following categories of Personal Data have been shared in the preceding 12 months with third party advertising partners and advertising technology providers so that we can reach you with advertisements for our products and services and make them more relevant to you:
Identifiers and contact information
Analytics or other electronic network activity.
Amplitude does not use or disclose sensitive personal information for purposes other than those permitted purposes under the CCPA. Amplitude does not have actual knowledge that it sells or shares Personal Data of individuals under the age of 16.
We retain Personal Data as described in Section 9.1 above.
California law gives California residents the right to make certain requests with regard to their Personal Data. Please see Section 8 for a description of your choices and how you may make a request.
13. Contact Us
If you have any comments, concerns or questions about this Privacy Notice or our privacy practices in general, please send an email to
privacy@amplitude.com
,
ccpa@amplitude.com
, or send mail to:
Amplitude, Inc.
Attn: Privacy
201 Third Street, Suite 200
San Francisco, CA 94103
EFFECTIVE DATE
This Privacy Notice was last updated on September 26, 2023.
14. Cookies
Amplitude uses cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns. Below we describe what cookies and web beacons are, why we use cookies and web beacons, the types of cookies and web beacons that we use, as well as what you can do in order to manage and delete cookies and web beacons.
What are cookies and web beacons?
Cookies are small text files that websites often store on computer hard drives or mobile devices of visitors to their websites. A cookie contains a unique number, which is used to recognize your computer or mobile device when you return to our Website. Cookies can remain on your computer or mobile device for different periods of time. The cookies can be either "persistent" cookies or "session" cookies. Persistent cookies are stored by a web browser and remain valid until a set expiration date. Session cookies only exist while your internet browser is open and are automatically deleted once you close your browser.
Web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) are small electronic files contained on pages of websites that permit companies to count users who have visited certain webpages on a website and are used for other related website statistics (e.g., recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).
What does Amplitude
use cookies and web beacons for?
Amplitude uses a variety of cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies for different purposes. Specifically, Amplitude uses cookies and web beacons to enhance the experience of our visitors to our Website (for example, by remembering your preferences and letting you navigate between pages efficiently) and to better understand how the Website and Product are used. Cookies may tell us, for example, whether you have visited the Website before or whether you are a new visitor.
What types of cookies and web beacons are used by Amplitude?
Amplitude uses both first-party and third-party cookies and web beacons. First-party cookies and web beacons are cookies and web beacons that are served directly by Amplitude to your computer or mobile device. Third-party cookies and web beacons are served by a third-party service provider on behalf of Amplitude. Third-party cookies are most commonly used for advertising and analytics purposes.
There are four categories of cookies and web beacons used by Amplitude. Specifically, Amplitude uses essential, performance, functionality and advertising cookies and web beacons.
Essential cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies are necessary for the operation of the Website and Product. These tracking technologies enable you to move around on the Website and use the Website’s features. You may not opt-out of these types of cookies because they are required to operate the Website and Product.
Performance cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies collect information about how you have used the Website and Product. We use performance cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies to improve the user experience with our Website and Product.
Functionality cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies allow us to remember how you are logged into our Website, when you logged in or out and the actions you have taken while you have been logged into the Website.
Advertising cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies are used by our third-party service providers to deliver advertising to you on other third-party websites as well as help measure the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns. We also use these types of cookies to analyze Website visits and ad conversions from third-party websites.
The table below lists the types of cookies and third party service providers currently used by Amplitude but may not include all cookies or third party service providers. In addition, the below list of cookies and third party service providers is subject to change at any time.
Performance
Amplitude
We use our own products and services to analyze the user behavior within our website and our own products and services.
For more information about our privacy practices, see
https://amplitude.com/privacy
Performance
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics to analyze the use of our website.
For more information about Google’s privacy practices, see
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Functional
Intercom
We use Intercom to power chat functionality.
For more information about Intercom’s privacy practices, see
https://www.intercom.com/legal/privacy
Advertising
Marketo
We use Marketo for marketing automation services.
For more information about Marketo’s cookie policy, see
https://documents.marketo.com/legal/cookies/
Advertising
Doubleclick
We use Doubleclick to track advertisements and measure website visits and conversions.
For more information about opting out of the ads, see
https://adssettings.google.com/u/0/authenticated
Advertising
LinkedIn
We use LinkedIn to track conversions and website visits from our advertisements displayed on LinkedIn.
For more information about LinkedIn’s privacy practices, please see
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
Advertising
Facebook
We use Facebook to track conversions and website visits from our advertisements displayed on Facebook.
For more information about Facebook’s privacy practices, please see
https://www.facebook.com/help/www/213802165366955
Advertising
AddThis
We use AddThis for their website tools like social sharing buttons.
For more information about AddThis’s privacy practices, please see
https://www.oracle.com/legal/privacy/addthis-privacy-policy.html
Advertising
StackAdapt
We use StackAdapt to track advertisements and measure website visits and conversions.
For more information about StackAdapt’s privacy practices, please see
https://www.stackadapt.com/platform-and-services-privacy-policy
Advertising
Bing
We use Bing to track conversions and website visits from our advertisements displayed on Bing.
For more information about Bing’s privacy practices, please see
https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/privacystatement
Advertising
Reddit
We use Reddit to track conversions and website visits from our advertisements displayed on Reddit.
For more information about Reddit’s privacy practices, please see
https://www.reddit.com/policies/privacy-policy
What are your choices about cookies?
You can decide whether or not to accept cookies through our Cookie Settings link on our Website. Most browsers allow you to configure the browser settings so that cookies from websites cannot be placed on your computer or mobile device. If you choose not to accept cookies, then you may be able to continue browsing our Website but we may not be able to provide you with certain features. If you want to opt out of advertising or performance cookies, then you may do so by reviewing the privacy policies of the third party service providers who serve the advertising and performance cookies identified above. If you would like further information about cookies and how to manage and delete them, please visit
www.allaboutcookies.org
or
www.youronlinechoices.eu
.
You can also delete all cookies that are already on your computer. If you do this, however, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit a site and the Product, Website and functionalities may not work.
What are your choices about cookies and interest-based advertisements?
Through the Digital Advertising Alliance and Network Advertising Initiative, several media and marketing associations have developed an industry self-regulatory program to give consumers a better understanding of, and greater control over, ads that are customized based on a consumer’s online behavior across different websites and properties. To make choices about internet-based ads from participating third parties, including to opt-out of receiving behaviorally targeted advertisements from participating organizations or to learn more about opting out of advertising cookies, please visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s or Digital Advertising Alliance’s consumer opt-out pages, which are located at
http://networkadvertising.org/choices/
or
www.aboutads.info/choices
. For those users located in the European Union, you can visit the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance’s user information website a
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
.
15. Previous Privacy Version
August 28, 2023
December 30, 2022
Sub-policy 1
https://www.apple.com/lae/privacy/:
Apple
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Watch
AirPods
TV & Home
Entertainment
Support
Where to Buy
Privacy
Local Nav Open Menu
Local Nav Close Menu
Overview
Features
Control
Labels
Transparency Report
Privacy Policy
Privacy. That’s Apple.
Privacy.
That’s Apple.
Privacy is a fundamental human right. It’s also one of our core values. Which is why we design our products and services to protect it. That’s the kind of innovation we believe in.
Apple Intelligence.
Great powers come
with great privacy.
Apple Intelligence is the personal intelligence system that helps you write, express yourself, and get things done effortlessly. With groundbreaking privacy protections, it gives you peace of mind that no one else can access your data — not even Apple.
On-device
processing
allows Apple Intelligence to be aware of your data without collecting your data.
On-device processing
The cornerstone of Apple Intelligence is on‑device processing, which gives Apple Intelligence the ability to fulfill many of your requests without leaving your device.
Deeply integrated into your iPhone, iPad, and Mac
Powered by Apple silicon
Designed to protect your privacy at every step
Private Cloud Compute
extends the privacy of Apple devices for more complex requests.
Private Cloud Compute
Some requests require more computational power than what fits in your pocket. For these more complex requests, Apple Intelligence can draw on Private Cloud Compute and extend the privacy of your Apple devices to Apple silicon servers.
Your data is only used for your requests
Your data is never stored or made accessible to anyone
Independent experts can verify its privacy promise
Available now
*
Learn more about Apple Intelligence
Discover everyday privacy protections.
Locked and Hidden Apps.
Choose
what’s
visible.
Locked and Hidden Apps
Locked apps allow you to show your screen to someone while protecting sensitive areas of your phone. For additional privacy, you can hide a locked app. This removes the hidden app’s name and icon from the Home Screen and search results, and pauses its notifications. You can access locked or hidden apps with Face ID, Touch ID, or a passcode.
Private Browsing.
Powerfully
private.
Private Browsing
When you turn on Private Browsing, Safari won’t save the sites you visit, your searches, or any information from forms you fill out. Advanced tracking and fingerprinting protections help prevent websites from tracking or identifying your device. And your private browsing windows automatically lock when you’re not using them.
Passkeys.
Simple.
Secure.
So not a
password
.
Passkeys
A passkey eliminates the need for a password by using a unique digital key that only works from the site or app it was created for, so you don’t have to worry about website leaks or phishing. Passkeys are securely synced across Apple devices. Just use Touch ID or Face ID to authenticate and you’re done.
Lock Hidden Albums.
Keep Hidden
and Recently
Deleted
photos
private.
Lock Hidden Albums
Your Hidden and Recently Deleted albums in Photos are locked by default and can be unlocked using your device’s authentication method — Face ID, Touch ID, or your passcode.
Safety Check.
Take
control
in times of crisis.
Safety Check
Safety Check is a section in Settings that helps people in domestic or intimate partner violence situations quickly reset the access they’ve granted to others. It also helps you manage which people and apps you’ve given access to.
Learn more about personal safety with Apple devices
App Tracking Transparency.
Decide which
apps are
allowed to
track
track
track
track
you.
App Tracking Transparency
Make more informed choices about the apps you use and the permissions you grant them. Apps are required to ask your permission when they want to track you across apps and websites owned by other companies. And you can change your preference for any app or prevent apps from asking for permission entirely in Settings.
Mail Privacy Protection.
Read
Read
,
delete
,
and
reply
with peace
of mind.
Mail Privacy Protection
Mail Privacy Protection hides your IP address, so senders can’t link it to your other online activity or determine your location. And it prevents senders from seeing if and when you’ve opened their email.
Our apps mind their business. Not yours.
Safari throws trackers off your trail.
Safari
Some websites allow hundreds of different data collection companies to watch you, build a profile of you, and serve you ads as you browse the web. Intelligent Tracking Prevention in Safari uses on-device machine learning to help block those trackers. And you can get a snapshot of all the cross-site trackers Safari is blocking by visiting your Privacy Report in the Safari toolbar.
When you use Private Browsing, the details of your browsing aren’t saved, and the websites you visit aren’t shared with your other Apple devices. And starting with iOS 17, iPadOS 17, and macOS Sonoma, Private Browsing locks your private browsing windows when you’re not using them, completely blocks known trackers from loading on pages, and removes tracking added to URLs as you browse.
View all privacy features
Health keeps your records under wraps.
Health
From your heart rate to your menstrual cycle, apps and devices for your health can give you insight into some of your most personal details. With the Health app, you’re in charge of what information you’d like to include, what not to, and who has access to it.
When you do want to securely share your health data from the Health app with your doctors, they’ll see the data you shared in a dashboard in the provider’s health records system.
All of your data is encrypted and only accessible with your passcode, Touch ID, or Face ID. So however you use the Health app, you’re always in control of your data.
Maps makes your location history, history.
Maps
Where you go says a lot about you. Maps delivers a great experience without Apple knowing which stores, neighborhoods, or clinics you visit. And because Maps doesn’t include a sign-in, where you go isn’t associated with your Apple Account at all.
Personalized features, like locating your parked car, are created right on your device. Data used to improve navigation, such as routes and search terms, is not associated with your identity. Instead, that information is based on random identifiers that are constantly changing.
Photos lets you choose who has the full picture.
Photos
Your photo and video albums are full of precious moments, friends, and your favorite things. Apple devices are designed to give you control over those memories.
Photos is also designed so that the face recognition and scene and object detection — which power features like For You, Memories, Sharing Suggestions, and the People album — happen on device instead of in the cloud. In fact, the A13 Bionic and later chips perform over 100 billion operations per photo to recognize faces and places without ever leaving your device. And when apps request access to your photos, you can share just the images you want — not your entire library.
Messages are only seen by who you send them to.
Messages
From inside jokes to invitations, a lot of life happens in text and video chats. Every blue-bubble message, picture, Animoji, and video is encrypted while being sent between devices.
Smart suggestions in Messages, like pulling up photos to send based on who you’re messaging, are all done on your device.
App Store shows you what’s in store for your data.
App Store
Every one of the more than 1.8 million apps on the App Store is required to follow strict privacy guidelines and report how it uses your data. And every app is rigorously reviewed by a team of experts at Apple.
When you’re checking out an app, you’ll see its Privacy Nutrition Label to help you decide if it works for you. Apps you choose to download need your permission to access information like your photos or location — and you can always change your mind about what you share. iOS 14.5 and iPadOS 14.5 or later require developers to get your permission before tracking your activity across other companies’ apps and websites for ads or data brokers.
Get the latest on Privacy.
Your other browser may be watching you.
Safari actually protects your privacy.
Watch the film
Protect your data from malware.
Apple’s layers of security and App Store protections help shield you from malware.
View (PDF)
Take charge of how apps use your data.
Every day, people go about their lives unaware that their personal information is being harvested.
View (PDF)
Learn more about privacy at Apple.
Review privacy features
Control what you share
See how apps from Apple
handle your data
Our values lead the way.
Accessibility
Our built-in accessibility features are designed to work the way you do.
Learn more
Environment
We’re committed to bringing our net emissions to zero across our entire carbon footprint by 2030.
Learn more
Education
We empower students and educators to learn, create, and define their own success.
Learn more
Sub-policy 2
https://www.appodeal.com/home/privacy-policy/:
You control your data
We and our business partners use technologies, including cookies, to collect information about you for various purposes, including:
Functional
Statistical
Marketing
By clicking ‘Accept’, you give your consent for all these purposes. You can also choose to specify the purposes you consent to by ticking the checkbox next to the purpose and clicking ‘Save settings’.
You may withdraw your consent at any time by clicking the small icon at the bottom left corner of the website.
You can read more about how we use cookies and other technologies and how we collect and process personal data by clicking the link.
Read more about cookies
Google privacy policy
Show details
Hide details
Necessary
Strictly necessary cookies help make a website navigable by activating basic functions such as page navigation and access to secure website areas. Without these cookies, the website would not be able to work properly.
Service:
Cloudflare
Purpose:
Pending
Privacy policy:
Cloudflare - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
Session
Name:
_cfuvid
Vendor:
.hsforms.com
Service:
Cloudflare
Purpose:
Pending
Privacy policy:
Cloudflare - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
Session
Name:
_cfuvid
Vendor:
.hubspot.com
Service:
Vercel
Purpose:
Supports the functions of a "Content Management System" with built-in user behavior analyzes.
Privacy policy:
Vercel - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
Session
Name:
locale
Vendor:
app.appodeal.com
Service:
Cookie Information
Purpose:
Supports the website's technical functions.
Privacy policy:
Cookie Information - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
a year
Name:
CookieInformationConsent
Vendor:
appodeal.com
Service:
Cloudflare
Purpose:
Pending
Privacy policy:
Cloudflare - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
Session
Name:
_cfuvid
Vendor:
.highcharts.com
Functional
Functional cookies make it possible to save information that changes the way the website appears or acts. For instance your preferred language or region.
Service:
Cloudflare
Purpose:
Supports the website's technical functions.
Privacy policy:
Cloudflare - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
4 minutes
Name:
__cf_bm
Vendor:
.hubspotusercontent-na1.net
Service:
Cloudflare
Purpose:
Supports the website's technical functions.
Privacy policy:
Cloudflare - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
17 minutes
Name:
__cf_bm
Vendor:
.hs-banner.com
Service:
Cloudflare
Purpose:
Supports the website's technical functions.
Privacy policy:
Cloudflare - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
21 minutes
Name:
__cf_bm
Vendor:
.hscta.net
Service:
Microsoft
Purpose:
Supports the integration of a third-party platform on the website.
Privacy policy:
Microsoft - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
a year
Name:
MSPTC
Vendor:
.bing.com
Service:
Cloudflare
Purpose:
Supports the website's technical functions.
Privacy policy:
Cloudflare - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
3 minutes
Name:
__cf_bm
Vendor:
.hsforms.net
Service:
Cloudflare
Purpose:
Supports the website's technical functions.
Privacy policy:
Cloudflare - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
17 minutes
Name:
__cf_bm
Vendor:
.hubspot.com
Service:
Cloudflare
Purpose:
Supports the website's technical functions.
Privacy policy:
Cloudflare - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
17 minutes
Name:
__cf_bm
Vendor:
.hsforms.com
Service:
Cloudflare
Purpose:
Supports the website's technical functions.
Privacy policy:
Cloudflare - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
20 minutes
Name:
__cf_bm
Vendor:
.hsadspixel.net
Service:
Cloudflare
Purpose:
Supports the website's technical functions.
Privacy policy:
Cloudflare - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
21 minutes
Name:
__cf_bm
Vendor:
.hs-analytics.net
Service:
Cloudflare
Purpose:
Supports the website's technical functions.
Privacy policy:
Cloudflare - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
17 minutes
Name:
__cf_bm
Vendor:
.hs-scripts.com
Statistical
Statistical cookies help the website owner understand how visitors interact with the website by collecting and reporting information.
Service:
Google Analytics
Purpose:
Privacy policy:
Google Analytics - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
a year
Name:
_ga_xxx
Vendor:
appodeal.com
Service:
Google Analytics
Purpose:
Collects information about the users and their activity on the website for analytics and reporting purposes.
Privacy policy:
Google Analytics - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
a year
Name:
_ga
Vendor:
.appodeal.com
Service:
Purpose:
Expiry:
Session
Name:
countryCode
Vendor:
tenor.com
Service:
Google Analytics
Purpose:
Privacy policy:
Google Analytics - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
a year
Name:
_ga_xxx
Vendor:
.appodeal.com
Marketing
Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and interesting to the individual user and thus more valuable for publishers and third-party advertisers.
Service:
Youtube, Google
Purpose:
Collects information about the users and their activity on the website through embedded video players with the purpose of delivering targeted advertising.
Privacy policy:
Youtube, Google - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
6 months
Name:
VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE
Vendor:
.youtube.com
Service:
LinkedIn
Purpose:
Supports online marketing by collecting information about the users to promote products through partners and other platforms.
Privacy policy:
LinkedIn - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
6 months
Name:
li_gc
Vendor:
.linkedin.com
Service:
Microsoft, Bing
Purpose:
Identifies unique web browsers visiting Microsoft sites. These cookies are used for advertising, site analytics, and other operational purposes.
Privacy policy:
Microsoft, Bing - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
a day
Name:
_uetsid
Vendor:
.appodeal.com
Service:
HubSpot
Purpose:
Collects information about the users and their activity on the website. The information is used to track and analyze user behaviour and to deliver targeted advertising.
Privacy policy:
HubSpot - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
6 months
Name:
hubspotutk
Vendor:
.appodeal.com
Service:
Microsoft, Bing
Purpose:
Identifies unique web browsers visiting Microsoft sites. These cookies are used for advertising, site analytics, and other operational purposes.
Privacy policy:
Microsoft, Bing - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
a year
Name:
MUID
Vendor:
.bing.com
Service:
LinkedIn
Purpose:
Supports online marketing by collecting information about the users to promote products through partners and other platforms.
Privacy policy:
LinkedIn - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
a day
Name:
lidc
Vendor:
.linkedin.com
Service:
Google Marketing Platform
Purpose:
Used for online marketing by collecting information about the users and their activity on the website. The information is used to target advertising to the user across different channels and devices.
Privacy policy:
Google Marketing Platform - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
a year
Name:
IDE
Vendor:
.doubleclick.net
Service:
Youtube, Google
Purpose:
Supports the integration of a third-party platform on the website.
Privacy policy:
Youtube, Google - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
6 months
Name:
__Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN
Vendor:
.youtube.com
Service:
HubSpot
Purpose:
Collects information about the users and their activity on the website. The information is used to track and analyze user behaviour and to deliver targeted advertising.
Privacy policy:
HubSpot - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
6 months
Name:
__hstc
Vendor:
.appodeal.com
Service:
HubSpot
Purpose:
Collects information about the users and their activity on the website. The information is used to track and analyze user behaviour and to deliver targeted advertising.
Privacy policy:
HubSpot - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
Session
Name:
__hssrc
Vendor:
.appodeal.com
Service:
Youtube, Google
Purpose:
Collects information about the users and their activity on the website through embedded video players with the purpose of delivering targeted advertising.
Privacy policy:
Youtube, Google - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
Session
Name:
YSC
Vendor:
.youtube.com
Service:
Youtube, Google
Purpose:
Collects information about the users and their activity on the website. The Information is used to track and analyze user behavior, to meet the individual user needs and to deliver targeted advertising.
Privacy policy:
Youtube, Google - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
6 months
Name:
VISITOR_PRIVACY_METADATA
Vendor:
.youtube.com
Service:
Microsoft, Bing
Purpose:
Collects information about the users and their activity on the website. The information is used to track and analyze user behaviour and to deliver targeted advertising.
Privacy policy:
Microsoft, Bing - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
a year
Name:
_uetvid
Vendor:
.appodeal.com
Service:
LinkedIn
Purpose:
Supports online marketing by collecting information about the users to promote products through partners and other platforms.
Privacy policy:
LinkedIn - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
a year
Name:
bcookie
Vendor:
.linkedin.com
Service:
Facebook
Purpose:
Identifies browsers for the purposes of providing advertising and site analytics services.
Privacy policy:
Facebook - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
3 months
Name:
_fbp
Vendor:
.appodeal.com
Service:
Google
Purpose:
Supports the integration of a third-party platform on the website to deliver targeted advertising.
Privacy policy:
Google - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
3 months
Name:
_gcl_au
Vendor:
.appodeal.com
Service:
HubSpot
Purpose:
Collects information about the users and their activity on the website. The information is used to track and analyze user behaviour and to deliver targeted advertising.
Privacy policy:
HubSpot - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
30 minutes
Name:
__hssc
Vendor:
.appodeal.com
Unclassified
We are in the process of classifying unclassified cookies together with the providers of the individual cookies.
Service:
Purpose:
Expiry:
an hour
Name:
cf_chl_rc_ni
Vendor:
appodeal.com
Necessary
Functional
Statistical
Marketing
Cookie policy
Your consent applies to the following domains:
appodeal.com
The cookie policy was last updated on 12.03.2025
What is a cookie?
A cookie is a small data file stored in your computer, tablet or smartphone. A cookie is not a program that can contain harmful malware or virus.
How our website uses cookies
Some cookies perform essential functions for our website. Cookies also help us get an overview of your visit to our website so we can continuously optimize and tailor the experience to your needs and interests. For example, cookies remember things like the items added to the shopping cart; whether you have visited our website before; if you are logged in; and the specific language and currency you prefer to see on the website. We also use cookies to target our ads specifically to you on other websites. In general, we use cookies as part of our service to present you with content that is as relevant to you as possible.
You can see the specific services that store cookies and why they do it, under the different categories:
Functional
Statistical
Marketing
How long are cookies stored?
The length of time a cookie is stored on your devices and browsers varies. The lifetime is calculated according to your last visit to the website. When a cookie expires, it is automatically deleted. All our cookies’ lifetimes are specified in our cookie policy.
How to block or delete cookies
You may at any time block all or just third-party cookies completely by changing the browser settings on your computer, tablet or smartphone. The location of these settings will depend on the browser you use. However, you should be aware that if you block all or just third-party cookies, there may be functions and services that you will be unable to use on the website (because these depend on cookies).
You can opt-out of cookies from Google Analytics here
.
How can you delete cookies?
It is easy to delete cookies that you have previously accepted. It depends on which browser (Chrome, Firefox, Safari, etc.) and device (smartphone, tablet, PC, Mac) you are using.
You can typically find this information under settings – Security and Privacy – but this may vary from one browser to another.  Specify which device/browser you are using (click the appropriate link):
Internet Explorer
Microsoft Edge
Mozilla Firefox
Google Chrome
Opera
Safari
Flash cookies
Apple
Android
Chrome, Android
Changing your consent
You can change your consent by either deleting cookies from your browser or by changing your original choice by clicking the link below:
You can change your consent by clicking here
Remember: If you use more than one browser, you must delete cookies in all of them.
Do you have any questions?
If you have any comments or questions relating to our information and/or processing of personal data, please feel welcome to contact us. 
The cookie policy itself is updated once a month by
Cookie Information
. If you have any questions about our cookie policy, you are welcome to
contact Cookie Information on their website.
Functional
Statistical
Marketing
Privacy Policy
1. Purpose
Appodeal, Inc., a Delaware corporation has developed this Privacy Policy (“
Policy
”) to demonstrate our commitment to protecting our users’ privacy. The terms “Appodeal,” “we,” “us”, and “our” include Appodeal, Inc. and any affiliates and subsidiaries. The terms “you” and “your” refer to any individuals and entities who use our Services or visit our Website (including our publishers, advertisers, demand partners, and other service providers) and our Employees.
This Policy describes our online and offline information practices, the kinds of information we may collect, how we intend to use that information, with whom your information may be shared, and how you can opt-out of such uses or correct or change such information. By using our Services or our Website, you agree to the practices described in this Policy. This Policy is an integral part of and is incorporated by reference into our Terms of Service (the “
Terms
”). Any capitalized terms used but not defined in this Policy will have the meaning defined in the Terms.
2. Scope
This Policy applies to any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (“
Personal Information
”) that is collected, recorded, stored, adapted, used, or otherwise made available (collectively, “
Processed
”) by Appodeal in the course of our business providing an ad mediation platform, tools and other services (the “Services”) or the functionality of the Website. All individuals and entities whose responsibilities include Processing Personal Information on our behalf are expected to protect that data by adherence to this Policy. This Policy is intended to meet requirements globally, including those in North America, Europe, APAC, and other jurisdictions.
3. Transparency/Notice: Types of Personal Information We Collect And How We Use It
The types of Personal Information we may collect (directly from you or from Third-Party sources) and our privacy practices depend on the nature of the relationship you have with Appodeal and the requirements of applicable law. Appodeal may collect Personal Information in the following ways:
You may provide Personal Information directly to Appodeal through interacting with the Services or our Website, participating in surveys, during events, and requesting products, Services, or information.
As you interact with the Services or our Website, certain passive information may also be collected about your visit, including through Technologies as described below. We endeavor to collect only that information which is relevant for the purposes of Processing. Below are the ways we collect Personal Information and how we use it.
(a) Types Of Personal Information Appodeal Collects
Appodeal collects Personal Information regarding its current, prospective, and former clients, customers, publishers, demand partners, users, visitors, guests, and Employees (collectively “
Individuals
”).
Information You Provide Directly to Us.
When you use the Services or the Website or engage in certain activities, such as registering for an account with Appodeal, requesting Services or information, or contacting us directly, we may ask you to provide some or all of the following types of information:
Account Registration.
When you register for an account to access our Services, we collect information about you which may include your name, address, telephone number, email address, and billing information such as your credit card number.
Communications with Us.
We may also collect Personal Information from you such as your name, email address, phone number or mailing address when you choose to request information about our products and Services, register for a newsletter, contact customer service, or otherwise communicate with us.
Surveys.
From time to time, we may contact you to participate in online surveys. If you do decide to participate, you may be asked to provide certain information which may include Personal Information. All information collected from your participation in our surveys is provided by you voluntarily. We may use such information to improve our products, Website and/or Services and in any manner consistent with the policies provided herein.
Automatic Data Collection.
We may collect certain information automatically through our Services, Website, or other methods of web analysis, such as your Internet protocol (IP) address, cookie identifiers, mobile advertising identifiers, and other device identifiers that are automatically assigned to your Device when you access the Internet, location data, browser type, operating system, Internet service provider, pages that you visit before and after using the Website or our Services, the date and time of your visit, the amount of time you spend on each page, information about the links you click and pages you view on our Website, and other actions taken through use of the Website or Services such as preferences.
Information from Other Sources.
We may also obtain information about you through Third-Party services and organizations to supplement information provided by you. This supplemental information allows us to verify information that you have provided to Appodeal and to enhance our ability to provide you with information about our business, products, and Services.
(b) Cookies, Pixel Tags/Web Beacons, Analytics Information, and Interest-Based Advertising
We, as well as third parties that provide content, advertising, or other functionality on our Services or Website, may use cookies, pixel tags, local storage, mobile device identifiers and other technologies (“
Technologies
”) to automatically collect information through the Services or Website. We use Technologies that are essentially small data files placed on your computer, tablet, mobile phone, or other devices (referred to collectively as a “Device”) that allow us to record certain pieces of information whenever you visit or interact with our Services, and to recognize you across Devices.
Cookies.
Cookies are bits of data stored on your Device through your browser or mobile application that allow the mobile application to remember you the next time you visit. Cookies enable smoother, more efficient use of the Website by storing your specific information and preferences such as theme, language setting, privacy preferences, and even user ID and password, so you do not need to reenter those each time you visit the Website. You may choose to block or delete cookies if your browser permits, but doing so may affect your use of the Website and your ability to access certain features of the Website.
Advertising Identifiers.
We may also use mobile advertising identifiers to recognize your device and perform the services. Depending on your device, you can chose to change or limit the transmission of your mobile advertising identifier by going into your device settings.
Web Bugs/Pixel Tags/Web Beacons.
We may also use web bugs (also called web beacons) to help us understand the behavior of our users by allowing us to track user demographics and traffic patterns.
Social Media Widgets.
Our Website includes social media features such as the Facebook “Like” button and LinkedIn (that might include widgets such as the share this button or other interactive mini-programs). These features may collect information including your IP address and which page you are visiting on our Website, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. These social media features are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Website. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
Analytics.
We may also utilize Google Analytics and Yandex Metrics in the collection, compilation and analysis of information regarding visitor behavior and visitor demographics on some of our Services, and to develop website content. This analytics data is not tied to any Personal Information. For more information about Google Analytics, please visit
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
. You can opt out of Google’s collection and Processing of data generated by your use of the Services by going to
http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
You can out opt of Yandex Metrics by going to
https://yandex.com/support/metrica/general/opt-out.xml
Our uses of such Technologies fall into the following general categories:
Operationally Necessary.
We may use Technologies that are necessary to the operation of our Services or Website. This includes Technologies that allow you access to our Services; or that are required to identify irregular Website behavior, prevent fraudulent activity and improve security;
Performance Related.
We may use Technologies to assess the performance of our Services or Website, including as part of our analytics practices, to help us understand how our visitors use our Website, determine if you have interacted with our messaging, determine whether you have viewed an item or link, or to improve our Services or Website;
Functionality Related.
We may use Technologies that allow us to offer you enhanced functionality when accessing or using our Services or Website. This may include identifying you when you sign into our Website or keeping track of your specified preferences, interests, or past items viewed so that we may enhance the presentation of content on our Website;
Advertising or Targeting Related.
We may use first-party or Third-Party Technologies to deliver content, including ads that may be relevant to your interests, on our Website or on Third-Party websites. This includes using Technologies to understand the usefulness to you of the advertisements and content that have been delivered to you, such as whether you have clicked on an advertisement.
We may also combine the information we collect through Technologies with other Personal Information we have collected from and about you. If you would like to opt out of the Technologies we employ through our Services, you may do so by blocking, deleting, or disabling them as your browser or Device permits.
(c) How Appodeal Uses Your Information
We acquire, hold, use, and Process Personal Information based on the legal grounds and for the legitimate business purposes outlined in this Policy, such as:
To Provide Services or Information Requested:
Appodeal may use information about you to fulfill requests for Services or information, including information about potential or future Services, including to:
Generally manage Individual information and accounts;
Respond to questions, comments, and other requests;
Provide access to certain areas, functionalities, and features of Appodeal’s Services or Website;
Allow you to register for events.
Administrative Purposes:
Appodeal may use Personal Information about you for its administrative purposes, including to:
Ensure you have a personalized and consistent experience in using the Website and Services;
Protect the security of our Service and Website
and to prevent fraud;
Measure interest in Appodeal’s Services
b and perform analytics;
Notify you of changes to the Website or Services;
Develop new Services;
Ensure internal quality control;
Verify Individual identity;
Communicate about Individual accounts and activities on Appodeal’s Services, Website and systems, and, in Appodeal’s discretion, changes to any Appodeal policy;
Send email to the email address you provide to us to verify your account and for informational and operational purposes, such as account management, customer service, or system maintenance;
Process payment for Services purchased;
Process applications and transactions;
Prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities;
Enforce our Terms of Use.
Marketing Appodeal Services:
Appodeal may use Personal Information to provide you with materials about offers, products, and Services that may be of interest, including new content or Services. Appodeal may provide you with these materials by phone, postal mail, facsimile, or email, as permitted by applicable law. Such uses include:
To tailor content, advertisements, and offers;
To notify you about offers, products, and services that may be of interest to you;
To provide Services to you and our sponsors;
For other purposes disclosed at the time that Individuals provide Personal Information;
Otherwise with your consent.
You may contact us at any time to opt-out of the use of your Personal Information for marketing purposes, as further described in Section 6 below.
Research and Development:
Appodeal may use Personal Information to create non-identifiable information that we may use alone or in the aggregate with information obtained from other sources, in order to help us improve our Website, to optimally deliver our existing Services or develop new Services. From time to time, Appodeal may perform research (online and offline) via surveys. We may engage Third-Party service providers to conduct such surveys on our behalf. All survey responses are voluntary, and the information collected will be used for research and reporting purposes to help us better serve Individuals by learning more about their needs and the quality of the Services we provide. The survey responses may be utilized to determine the effectiveness of our Services or our Website, various types of communications, advertising campaigns, and/or promotional activities. If an Individual participates in a survey, the information given will be used along with that of other study participants. We may share anonymous Individual and aggregate data for research and analysis purposes.
Direct Mail, Email and Outbound Telemarketing:
Individuals who provide us with Personal Information, or whose Personal Information we obtain from Third Parties, may receive periodic emails, newsletters, mailings, or phone calls from us with information on Appodeal’s or our business partners’ products and services or upcoming special offers/events we believe may be of interest. We offer the option to decline these communications at no cost to the Individual by following the instructions in Section 6 below.
Mobile Devices:
Appodeal provides Services that are specifically designed to be compatible and used on mobile Devices. Appodeal will collect certain information that your mobile Device sends when you use such Services, like a GPS location, user settings and the operating system of your Device. Appodeal’s Services require that users log in with an account, and information collected through mobile versions of the Services is associated with user accounts. In addition, Appodeal may enable Individuals to download an application, widget, or other tool that can be used on Devices. Some of these tools may store information on Devices. These tools may transmit Personal Information to Appodeal to enable Individuals to access user accounts and to enable Appodeal to track use of these tools. Some of these tools may enable users to email reports and other information from the tool. Appodeal may use personal or non-identifiable information transmitted to Appodeal to enhance these tools, to develop new tools, for quality improvement and as otherwise described in this Policy or in other notices Appodeal provides.
Anonymous and Aggregated Information:
Appodeal may use Personal Information and other information about you to create anonymized and aggregated information, such as de-identified demographic information, de-identified location information, information about the Device from which you access Appodeal’s Services or Website, or other analyses we create. Anonymized and aggregated information is used for a variety of functions, including the measurement of visitors’ interest in and use of various portions or features of the Services or Website. Anonymized or aggregated information is not Personal Information, and Appodeal may use such information in a number of ways, including research, internal analysis, analytics, and any other legally permissible purposes. We may share this information within Appodeal and with Third Parties for our or their purposes in an anonymized or aggregated form that is designed to prevent anyone from identifying you.
Sharing Content with Friends or Colleagues:
Appodeal’s Services may offer various tools and functionality. For example, Appodeal may provide functionality on its Services that will allow you to forward or share certain content with a friend or colleague. Email addresses that you may provide for a friend or colleague will be used to send your friend or colleague the content or link you request, but will not be collected or otherwise used by Appodeal or any other Third Parties for any other purpose.
Other Uses:
Appodeal may use Personal Information for other purposes for which we have a legitimate interest, such as direct marketing, individual or market research, anti-fraud protection, or any other purpose disclosed to you at the time you provide Personal Information or with your consent.
(d) Third-Party Websites and Social Media Platforms
The Website may contain links to other websites and other websites may reference or link to our Website or other Services. These other domains and websites are not controlled by us, and Appodeal does not endorse or make any representations about Third-Party websites or social media platforms. We encourage our users to read the privacy policies of each and every website and application that they interact with. We do not endorse, screen or approve, and are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other websites or applications. Visiting these other websites or applications is at your own risk.
The Website and our Services may also contains links and interactive features with various social media platforms. If you already use these platforms, their cookies may be set on your Device when using our Website or Services. You should be aware that Personal Information which you voluntarily include and transmit online in a publicly accessible blog, chat room, social media platform or otherwise online, or that you share in an open forum may be viewed and used by others without any restrictions. We are unable to control such uses of your information when interacting with a social media platform, and by using such services you assume the risk that the Personal Information provided by you may be viewed and used by third parties for any number of purposes.
(e) Software Development Kit
To provide our Services, we offer a software development kit (“SDK”) which allows us to access your Mobile Properties. We may collect Personal Information about users of your Mobile Properties through our SDK, including IP addresses, mobile advertising IDs, GPS location (if appropriate permission is given), application usage statistics such as launch times and duration, ad views and click-throughs. Advertisers or demand partners that provide content through our SDK may also collect Personal Information or other information about your users through our SDK. You agree that, in order to use our SDK, you will obtain appropriate consent from your users for the collection, use and sharing of Personal Information through our SDK, and that you will maintain and process all user data in accordance with your privacy policy and all applicable laws in any country in which your Mobile Properties are distributed or used and users are located.
If you use our SDK as a publisher, you agree that we may also share certain non-personal information about your use of the SDK through your Mobile Properties with advertisers and demand partners who provide content through our SDK. Such information may include the number of requests you receive for ad placements on your Mobile Properties, the number of impressions and click-throughs generated, information about revenue you receive, and eCPM data.
4. Human Resources Data
Appodeal collects Personal Information from Employees, their contact points in case of a medical emergency, and beneficiaries under any insurance policy (“
Human Resources Data
”). “Employees” include current, temporary, permanent, prospective or former employees, directors, contractors, workers, or retirees of Appodeal. The Human Resources Data we collect may include title, name, address, phone number, email address, date of birth, passport number, driver’s license number, Social Security number or other government-issued identification number, financial information related to credit checks, bank details for payroll, information that may be recorded on a CV or application form, language abilities, contact information of third parties in case of an emergency and beneficiaries under any insurance policy. We may also collect sensitive Human Resources Data such as details of health and disability, including mental health, medical leave, and maternity leave; and information about national origin or immigration status.
We acquire, hold, use and Process Human Resources-related Personal Information for a variety of business purposes including:
Workflow management, including assigning, managing and administering projects;
Human Resources administration and communication;
Payroll and the provision of benefits;
Compensation, including bonuses and long-term incentive administration, stock plan administration, compensation analysis, including monitoring overtime and compliance with labor laws, and company recognition programs;
Job grading activities;
Performance and employee development management;
Organizational development and succession planning;
Benefits and personnel administration;
Absence management;
Helpdesk and IT support services;
Regulatory compliance;
Internal and/or external or governmental compliance investigations;
Internal or external audits;
Litigation evaluation, prosecution, and defense;
Diversity and inclusion initiatives;
Restructuring and relocation;
Emergency contacts and services;
Employee safety;
Compliance with statutory requirements;
Processing of Employee expenses and travel charges;
Acquisitions, divestitures, and integrations.
5. Onward Transfer—Appodeal May Disclose Your Information
(a) Information We Share
We may share your information as described in this Policy (e.g., with our Third-Party service providers; to comply with legal obligations; to protect and defend our rights and property) or with your permission. The complete Third-Party service provider list can be found here:
www.appodeal.com/home/partners-privacy-policies/
We Use Vendors and Service Providers.
We may share any information we receive with vendors and service providers, including advertisers that provide content through our SDK. The types of service providers (processors) to whom we entrust Personal Information include service providers for: (i) provision of IT and related services, such as web hosting or data management; (ii) provision of information and services you have requested; (iii) payment processing; and (iv) customer service activities; and (v) in connection with the provision of the Website. Appodeal has executed appropriate contracts with the service providers that prohibit them from using or sharing Personal Information except as necessary to perform the contracted services on our behalf or to comply with applicable legal requirements.
Business Partners.
We may choose to share Personal Information with our business partners and affiliates for our and our affiliates’ internal business purposes, or to provide you with Services that you have requested. Appodeal may also provide Personal Information to business partners with whom we may jointly offer products or services, or whose products or services we believe may be of interest to you. In such cases, our business partner’s name will appear, along with Appodeal’s. Appodeal requires our affiliates and business partners to agree in writing to maintain the confidentiality and security of Personal Information they maintain on our behalf and not to use it for any purpose other than the purpose for which Appodeal provided it to them.
Interest-Based Advertising and Third Party Marketing.
Through our Services, Appodeal may allow Third-Party advertising partners to set tracking tools (e.g., cookies or other Technologies) to collect information regarding your activities (e.g., your IP address, page(s) visited, time of day). We may also share such de-identified information as well as selected Personal Information (such as demographic information and past purchase history) we have collected with Third-Party advertising partners. These advertising partners may use this information (and similar information collected from other websites) for purposes of delivering targeted advertisements to you when you visit non-Appodeal related websites within their networks. This practice is commonly referred to as “interest-based advertising” or “online behavioral advertising. We may allow access to other data collected by the Website to facilitate transmittal of information that may be useful, relevant, valuable or otherwise of interest to you. If you prefer that we do not share your Personal Information with Third-Party advertising partners, you may opt-out of such sharing at no cost by following the instructions in Section 6 below.
Disclosures to Protect Us or Others (e.g., As Required by Law and Similar Disclosures).
We may access, preserve, and disclose your Personal Information, other account information, and content if we believe doing so is required or appropriate to: (i) comply with law enforcement or national security requests and legal process, such as a court order or subpoena; (ii) respond to your requests; (iii) protect yours’, ours’ or others’ rights, property, or safety; (iv) to enforce Appodeal policies or contracts; (v) to collect amounts owed to Appodeal; (vi) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss or in connection with an investigation or prosecution of suspected or actual illegal activity; or (vii) if we, in good faith, believe that disclosure is otherwise necessary or advisable.
In addition, from time to time, server logs may be reviewed for security purposes—e.g., to detect unauthorized activity on the Services. In such cases, server log data containing IP addresses may be shared with law enforcement bodies in order that they may identify users in connection with their investigation of the unauthorized activities.
Merger, Sale, or Other Asset Transfers.
If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, sale of company assets, or transition of service to another provider, then your information may be sold or transferred as part of such a transaction as permitted by law and/or contract. Should such an event occur, Appodeal will endeavor to direct the transferee to use Personal Information in a manner that is consistent with the Policy in effect at the time such Personal Information was collected.
(b) Data Transfers
All Personal Information collected via or by Appodeal may be stored anywhere in the world, including but not limited to, in the United States, in the cloud, on our servers, on the servers of our affiliates or the servers of our service providers. Your Personal Information may be accessible to law enforcement or other authorities pursuant to a lawful request. By providing information to Appodeal, you consent to the storage of your Personal Information in these locations.
6. Choice/Modalities to Opt-Out
(a) General
You have the right to opt out of certain uses and disclosures of your Personal Information. Where you have consented to Appodeal’s Processing of your Personal Information or sensitive Personal Information, you may withdraw that consent at any time and opt-out to further Processing by following the instructions in this Section. Even if you opt-out, we may still collect and use non-Personal Information regarding your activities on our Website and/or information from the advertisements on Third-Party websites for non-interest based advertising purposes, such as to determine the effectiveness of the advertisements.
(b) Email and Telephone Communications
If you receive an unwanted email from us, you can use the unsubscribe link found at the bottom of the email to opt-out of receiving future emails. We will process your request within a reasonable time after receipt. Note that you will continue to receive transaction-related emails regarding products or services you have requested. We may also send you certain communications regarding Appodeal and our Services and you will not be able to opt out of those communications (e.g., communications regarding updates to our Terms or this Policy).
We maintain telephone “do-not-call” and “do-not-mail” lists as mandated by law. We process requests to be placed on do-not-mail, do-not-phone and do-not-contact lists within 60 days after receipt, or such shorter time as may be required by law.
(c) Human Resources Data
With regard to Personal Information that Appodeal receives in connection with the employment relationship, Appodeal will use such Personal Information only for employment-related purposes as more fully described above. If Appodeal intends to use this Personal Information for any other purpose, Appodeal will notify the Individual and provide an opportunity to opt-out of such uses.
(d) Do Not Track
Do Not Track (“DNT”) is a privacy preference that users can set in certain web browsers. DNT is a way for users to inform websites and services that they do not want certain information about their webpage visits collected over time and across websites or online services. Please note that we do not respond to or honor DNT signals or similar mechanisms transmitted by web browsers.
(e) Cookies and Interest-Based Advertising
We hope that you find the display of interest-based Ads valuable. However, if you wish to opt-out of these advertising services, you can edit your preferences by visiting the “Settings” page of the Website and selecting the option to opt-out.
As noted above, you may stop or restrict the placement of cookies on your Devices or remove them from your browser by adjusting your web browser preferences. Please note that cookie-based opt-outs are not effective on mobile applications. However, on many mobile Devices, application users may opt out of certain mobile ads via their Device settings or by downloading the AppChoices mobile application offered by the Digital Advertising Alliance.
The online advertising industry also provides websites from which you may opt-out of receiving targeted ads from our data partners and our other advertising partners that participate in self-regulatory programs. You can access these, and also learn more about targeted advertising and consumer choice and privacy, at
networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp
, or
www.youronlinechoices.eu
and
www.aboutads.info/choices/
. You can also choose not to be included in Google Analytics by following this link:
tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
To be clear, whether you are using our opt-out found at
www.appodeal.com/home/sdk-opt-out
and/or an online industry opt-out, these cookie-based opt-outs must be performed on each Device and browser that you wish to have opted-out. For example, if you have opted-out on your computer browser, that opt-out will not be effective on your mobile Device. You must separately opt-out on each Device. Advertisements on Third-Party websites that contain the AdChoices link and that link to this Privacy Policy may have been directed to you based on anonymous, non-Personal Information collected by advertising partners over time and across websites. These advertisements provide a mechanism to opt-out of the advertising partners’ use of this information for interest-based advertising purposes.
7. SECURITY OF Your INFORMATION
The security of your Personal Information is important to us. We maintain appropriate safeguards and current security standards to protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access, disclosure, or misuse, such as using SSL encryption. However, no system can be completely secure, and we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you provide to us. While we take meaningful steps to secure your information, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your Personal Information will always remain secure. We do not accept liability for unintentional disclosure.
By using the Website or providing Personal Information to us, you agree that we may communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your use of the Website. If we learn of a security system’s breach, we may attempt to notify you electronically by posting a notice on the Website or sending an e-mail to you. You may have a legal right to receive this notice in writing.
8. Rights of Access, Rectification, Erasure, and Restriction
You can review and change certain Personal Information related to your use of our Website or Services (such as your name and contact information). To access your information, simply sign in to your account and you will be able to edit your Personal Information.
You may inquire as to whether Appodeal is Processing Personal Information about you, request access to Personal Information, and ask that we correct, amend or delete your Personal Information where it is inaccurate. Where otherwise permitted by applicable law, you may send an e-mail to legal@appodeal.com or use any of the methods set out in this Policy to request access to, receive (port), restrict Processing, seek rectification, or request erasure of Personal Information held about you by Appodeal. Such requests will be processed in line with local laws.
| Although Appodeal makes good faith efforts to provide Individuals with access to their Personal Information, there may be circumstances in which Appodeal is unable to provide access, including but not limited to: where the information contains legal privilege, would compromise others’ privacy or other legitimate rights, where the burden or expense of providing access would be disproportionate to the risks to the Individual’s privacy in the case in question or where it is commercially proprietary. If Appodeal determines that access should be restricted in any particular instance, we will provide you with an explanation of why that determination has been made and a contact point for any further inquiries. To protect your privacy, Appodeal will take commercially reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access to or making any changes to your Personal Information.
9. Retention
Appodeal retains the Personal Information we receive as described in this Policy for as long as you use our Services or as necessary to fulfill the purpose(s) for which it was collected, provide our Services, resolve disputes, establish legal defenses, conduct audits, pursue legitimate business purposes, enforce our agreements, and comply with applicable laws.
10. CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
The Website is restricted to individuals over the age of 18. We do not knowingly collect, maintain, or use Personal Information from children under 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under the age of 16) years of age, and no part of the Website is directed to children under the age of 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under the age of 16). If you learn that your child has provided us with Personal Information without your consent, you may alert us at legal@appodeal.com. If we learn that we have collected any Personal Information from children under 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under the age of 16), we will promptly take steps to delete such information and terminate the child’s account.
11. International Users
By using the Website, you will transfer data to the United States. If you are visiting from the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use, please note that you are agreeing to the transfer of your information to the United States and processing globally. By providing your Personal Information, you consent to any transfer and processing in accordance with this Policy.
12. REDRESS/COMPLIANCE AND ACCOUNTABILITY
Questions or concerns regarding our compliance with this Policy may be directed to
legal@appodeal.com
or contact us at:
Appodeal, Inc.
575 Market St, 5th Floor
San Francisco, CA 94105, USA
Appodeal will address your concerns and attempt to resolve any privacy issues in a timely manner.
If you are an EU citizen and feel that Appodeal is not abiding by the terms of this Privacy Policy, please contact us at the contact information provided above. If any request remains unresolved, you may contact the national data protection authority for your EU Member State.
13. OTHER RIGHTS AND IMPORTANT INFORMATION
(a) CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY AND PRACTICES
Revision to the Privacy Policy.
We may revise this Privacy Policy in our sole discretion, so review it periodically. If you continue to visit this Website or use our Services after such changes have been made, you hereby provide your consent to the changes.
Posting of Revised Privacy Policy.
If there are any material changes to this Policy, Appodeal will notify you by email or as otherwise required by applicable law. We will post any adjustments to the Privacy Policy on this web page, and the revised version will be effective immediately when it is posted (or upon notice as applicable). If you are concerned about how your information is used, bookmark this page and read this Privacy Policy periodically.
New Uses of Personal Information.
Additionally, before we use Personal Information for any new purpose not originally authorized by you, we will endeavor to provide information regarding the new purpose and give you the opportunity to opt-out. Where consent of the Individual for the Processing of Personal Information is otherwise required by law or contract, Appodeal will endeavor to comply with the law or contract.
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
California law permits users who are California residents to request and obtain from us once a year, free of charge, a list of the Third Parties to whom we have disclosed their Personal Information (if any) for their direct marketing purposes in the prior calendar year, as well as the type of Personal Information disclosed to those parties. Appodeal does not share Personal Information with Third Parties for their own marketing purposes.
The last update to our Privacy Policy was posted on May 3, 2018.
Sub-policy 3
https://www.appodeal.com/home/ccpa-privacy-policy/:
You control your data
We and our business partners use technologies, including cookies, to collect information about you for various purposes, including:
Functional
Statistical
Marketing
By clicking ‘Accept’, you give your consent for all these purposes. You can also choose to specify the purposes you consent to by ticking the checkbox next to the purpose and clicking ‘Save settings’.
You may withdraw your consent at any time by clicking the small icon at the bottom left corner of the website.
You can read more about how we use cookies and other technologies and how we collect and process personal data by clicking the link.
Read more about cookies
Google privacy policy
Show details
Hide details
Necessary
Strictly necessary cookies help make a website navigable by activating basic functions such as page navigation and access to secure website areas. Without these cookies, the website would not be able to work properly.
Service:
Cloudflare
Purpose:
Pending
Privacy policy:
Cloudflare - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
Session
Name:
_cfuvid
Vendor:
.hsforms.com
Service:
Cloudflare
Purpose:
Pending
Privacy policy:
Cloudflare - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
Session
Name:
_cfuvid
Vendor:
.hubspot.com
Service:
Vercel
Purpose:
Supports the functions of a "Content Management System" with built-in user behavior analyzes.
Privacy policy:
Vercel - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
Session
Name:
locale
Vendor:
app.appodeal.com
Service:
Cookie Information
Purpose:
Supports the website's technical functions.
Privacy policy:
Cookie Information - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
a year
Name:
CookieInformationConsent
Vendor:
appodeal.com
Service:
Cloudflare
Purpose:
Pending
Privacy policy:
Cloudflare - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
Session
Name:
_cfuvid
Vendor:
.highcharts.com
Functional
Functional cookies make it possible to save information that changes the way the website appears or acts. For instance your preferred language or region.
Service:
Cloudflare
Purpose:
Supports the website's technical functions.
Privacy policy:
Cloudflare - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
4 minutes
Name:
__cf_bm
Vendor:
.hubspotusercontent-na1.net
Service:
Cloudflare
Purpose:
Supports the website's technical functions.
Privacy policy:
Cloudflare - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
17 minutes
Name:
__cf_bm
Vendor:
.hs-banner.com
Service:
Cloudflare
Purpose:
Supports the website's technical functions.
Privacy policy:
Cloudflare - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
21 minutes
Name:
__cf_bm
Vendor:
.hscta.net
Service:
Microsoft
Purpose:
Supports the integration of a third-party platform on the website.
Privacy policy:
Microsoft - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
a year
Name:
MSPTC
Vendor:
.bing.com
Service:
Cloudflare
Purpose:
Supports the website's technical functions.
Privacy policy:
Cloudflare - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
3 minutes
Name:
__cf_bm
Vendor:
.hsforms.net
Service:
Cloudflare
Purpose:
Supports the website's technical functions.
Privacy policy:
Cloudflare - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
17 minutes
Name:
__cf_bm
Vendor:
.hubspot.com
Service:
Cloudflare
Purpose:
Supports the website's technical functions.
Privacy policy:
Cloudflare - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
17 minutes
Name:
__cf_bm
Vendor:
.hsforms.com
Service:
Cloudflare
Purpose:
Supports the website's technical functions.
Privacy policy:
Cloudflare - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
20 minutes
Name:
__cf_bm
Vendor:
.hsadspixel.net
Service:
Cloudflare
Purpose:
Supports the website's technical functions.
Privacy policy:
Cloudflare - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
21 minutes
Name:
__cf_bm
Vendor:
.hs-analytics.net
Service:
Cloudflare
Purpose:
Supports the website's technical functions.
Privacy policy:
Cloudflare - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
17 minutes
Name:
__cf_bm
Vendor:
.hs-scripts.com
Statistical
Statistical cookies help the website owner understand how visitors interact with the website by collecting and reporting information.
Service:
Google Analytics
Purpose:
Privacy policy:
Google Analytics - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
a year
Name:
_ga_xxx
Vendor:
appodeal.com
Service:
Google Analytics
Purpose:
Collects information about the users and their activity on the website for analytics and reporting purposes.
Privacy policy:
Google Analytics - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
a year
Name:
_ga
Vendor:
.appodeal.com
Service:
Purpose:
Expiry:
Session
Name:
countryCode
Vendor:
tenor.com
Service:
Google Analytics
Purpose:
Privacy policy:
Google Analytics - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
a year
Name:
_ga_xxx
Vendor:
.appodeal.com
Marketing
Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and interesting to the individual user and thus more valuable for publishers and third-party advertisers.
Service:
Youtube, Google
Purpose:
Collects information about the users and their activity on the website through embedded video players with the purpose of delivering targeted advertising.
Privacy policy:
Youtube, Google - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
6 months
Name:
VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE
Vendor:
.youtube.com
Service:
LinkedIn
Purpose:
Supports online marketing by collecting information about the users to promote products through partners and other platforms.
Privacy policy:
LinkedIn - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
6 months
Name:
li_gc
Vendor:
.linkedin.com
Service:
Microsoft, Bing
Purpose:
Identifies unique web browsers visiting Microsoft sites. These cookies are used for advertising, site analytics, and other operational purposes.
Privacy policy:
Microsoft, Bing - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
a day
Name:
_uetsid
Vendor:
.appodeal.com
Service:
HubSpot
Purpose:
Collects information about the users and their activity on the website. The information is used to track and analyze user behaviour and to deliver targeted advertising.
Privacy policy:
HubSpot - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
6 months
Name:
hubspotutk
Vendor:
.appodeal.com
Service:
Microsoft, Bing
Purpose:
Identifies unique web browsers visiting Microsoft sites. These cookies are used for advertising, site analytics, and other operational purposes.
Privacy policy:
Microsoft, Bing - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
a year
Name:
MUID
Vendor:
.bing.com
Service:
LinkedIn
Purpose:
Supports online marketing by collecting information about the users to promote products through partners and other platforms.
Privacy policy:
LinkedIn - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
a day
Name:
lidc
Vendor:
.linkedin.com
Service:
Google Marketing Platform
Purpose:
Used for online marketing by collecting information about the users and their activity on the website. The information is used to target advertising to the user across different channels and devices.
Privacy policy:
Google Marketing Platform - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
a year
Name:
IDE
Vendor:
.doubleclick.net
Service:
Youtube, Google
Purpose:
Supports the integration of a third-party platform on the website.
Privacy policy:
Youtube, Google - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
6 months
Name:
__Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN
Vendor:
.youtube.com
Service:
HubSpot
Purpose:
Collects information about the users and their activity on the website. The information is used to track and analyze user behaviour and to deliver targeted advertising.
Privacy policy:
HubSpot - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
6 months
Name:
__hstc
Vendor:
.appodeal.com
Service:
HubSpot
Purpose:
Collects information about the users and their activity on the website. The information is used to track and analyze user behaviour and to deliver targeted advertising.
Privacy policy:
HubSpot - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
Session
Name:
__hssrc
Vendor:
.appodeal.com
Service:
Youtube, Google
Purpose:
Collects information about the users and their activity on the website through embedded video players with the purpose of delivering targeted advertising.
Privacy policy:
Youtube, Google - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
Session
Name:
YSC
Vendor:
.youtube.com
Service:
Youtube, Google
Purpose:
Collects information about the users and their activity on the website. The Information is used to track and analyze user behavior, to meet the individual user needs and to deliver targeted advertising.
Privacy policy:
Youtube, Google - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
6 months
Name:
VISITOR_PRIVACY_METADATA
Vendor:
.youtube.com
Service:
Microsoft, Bing
Purpose:
Collects information about the users and their activity on the website. The information is used to track and analyze user behaviour and to deliver targeted advertising.
Privacy policy:
Microsoft, Bing - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
a year
Name:
_uetvid
Vendor:
.appodeal.com
Service:
LinkedIn
Purpose:
Supports online marketing by collecting information about the users to promote products through partners and other platforms.
Privacy policy:
LinkedIn - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
a year
Name:
bcookie
Vendor:
.linkedin.com
Service:
Facebook
Purpose:
Identifies browsers for the purposes of providing advertising and site analytics services.
Privacy policy:
Facebook - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
3 months
Name:
_fbp
Vendor:
.appodeal.com
Service:
Google
Purpose:
Supports the integration of a third-party platform on the website to deliver targeted advertising.
Privacy policy:
Google - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
3 months
Name:
_gcl_au
Vendor:
.appodeal.com
Service:
HubSpot
Purpose:
Collects information about the users and their activity on the website. The information is used to track and analyze user behaviour and to deliver targeted advertising.
Privacy policy:
HubSpot - Privacy policy
(opens in a new tab)
Expiry:
30 minutes
Name:
__hssc
Vendor:
.appodeal.com
Unclassified
We are in the process of classifying unclassified cookies together with the providers of the individual cookies.
Service:
Purpose:
Expiry:
an hour
Name:
cf_chl_rc_ni
Vendor:
appodeal.com
Necessary
Functional
Statistical
Marketing
Cookie policy
Your consent applies to the following domains:
appodeal.com
The cookie policy was last updated on 12.03.2025
What is a cookie?
A cookie is a small data file stored in your computer, tablet or smartphone. A cookie is not a program that can contain harmful malware or virus.
How our website uses cookies
Some cookies perform essential functions for our website. Cookies also help us get an overview of your visit to our website so we can continuously optimize and tailor the experience to your needs and interests. For example, cookies remember things like the items added to the shopping cart; whether you have visited our website before; if you are logged in; and the specific language and currency you prefer to see on the website. We also use cookies to target our ads specifically to you on other websites. In general, we use cookies as part of our service to present you with content that is as relevant to you as possible.
You can see the specific services that store cookies and why they do it, under the different categories:
Functional
Statistical
Marketing
How long are cookies stored?
The length of time a cookie is stored on your devices and browsers varies. The lifetime is calculated according to your last visit to the website. When a cookie expires, it is automatically deleted. All our cookies’ lifetimes are specified in our cookie policy.
How to block or delete cookies
You may at any time block all or just third-party cookies completely by changing the browser settings on your computer, tablet or smartphone. The location of these settings will depend on the browser you use. However, you should be aware that if you block all or just third-party cookies, there may be functions and services that you will be unable to use on the website (because these depend on cookies).
You can opt-out of cookies from Google Analytics here
.
How can you delete cookies?
It is easy to delete cookies that you have previously accepted. It depends on which browser (Chrome, Firefox, Safari, etc.) and device (smartphone, tablet, PC, Mac) you are using.
You can typically find this information under settings – Security and Privacy – but this may vary from one browser to another.  Specify which device/browser you are using (click the appropriate link):
Internet Explorer
Microsoft Edge
Mozilla Firefox
Google Chrome
Opera
Safari
Flash cookies
Apple
Android
Chrome, Android
Changing your consent
You can change your consent by either deleting cookies from your browser or by changing your original choice by clicking the link below:
You can change your consent by clicking here
Remember: If you use more than one browser, you must delete cookies in all of them.
Do you have any questions?
If you have any comments or questions relating to our information and/or processing of personal data, please feel welcome to contact us. 
The cookie policy itself is updated once a month by
Cookie Information
. If you have any questions about our cookie policy, you are welcome to
contact Cookie Information on their website.
Functional
Statistical
Marketing
CCPA Privacy Policy
Last updated & Effective Date:
April 9, 2020
This Privacy Policy explains how Appodeal Inc. receives and processes user’s personal information (“Users PI”). Appodeal receives Users PI that has been provided to it by publishers (“Supply Partners”), and shares the Users PI to advertisers and related parties (“Demand Partners”) in order to provide various services including personalized advertising and related adtech services (“Services”).
What Information & Why
Appodeal has no direct engagement with Supply Partner Users. Appodeal requires its Supply Partners and Demand Partners to provide a privacy notice as required under applicable laws. Supply Partners are responsible for ensuring that Users PI has been collected in accordance with applicable law.
Appodeal’s Supply Partners download a Software Development Kit (“SDK”) on their mobile site(s). The SDK facilitates the transfer of User PI to Appodeal so that Appodeal can provide ad monetization Services to the Supply Partner including the placement and serving of personalized ads to the mobile site(s) for viewing by the User.
Appodeal only receives User PI that Supply Partners have instructed us, with their Users permission, for the business purposes of providing the Services. For example, if a User uses a mobile application where the Supply Partner has embedded Appodeal’s SDK, then the SDK will provide to Appodeal only the User PI that Supply Partner has enabled Appodeal to receive in order to provide the Services.
Appodeal may receive the following User PI:
Information about User’s mobile advertising identifiers, such as User’s Advertising ID (Apple IDFA or Google AAID).
Information that User’s device provides, such as device IP address, network connection type and device GPS location.
Information about User’s age and gender.
Appodeal processes this User PI solely for the business purposes of providing the Services, which include:
Providing personalized ads to Users;
Providing support to Supply Partners;
Analyzing the performance of the Services;
Improving the Services; and
Protecting the Services from fraud, misuse and illegal activity.
With Whom?
At the instruction of its Supply Partners, Appodeal shares the Users PI with its Demand Partners for the purpose of providing Services including serving personalized ads to Users.
In addition to its Demand Partners, Appodeal shares Users PI with other trusted Service Providers who provide services for the business purposes of hosting services, payment processing, IT services, security services, customer services, and marketing services.
Aggregated Information
Appodeal may use aggregated information (not containing personal information) to analyze trends and improve our Services.
Compliance with Laws
Appodeal may disclose Users PI to a third party if (a) it believes that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, or (b) to protect the security or integrity of the Services from harm or illegal activities.
Business Transfers
Appodeal may share or transfer Users PI in connection with, any merger, sale of Appodeal assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of the business to another company.
California Users
Appodeal acts as a Service Provider under the California Consumer Protection Act (“CCPA”). Appodeal follows the Supply Partner(s)’ instructions in processing the Users PI for the business purposes of providing the Services. Appodeal follows the Supply Partner(s)’ instructions to delete any Users PI requested. Appodeal does not sell its Users PI as defined under CCPA. Appodeal upholds Users right of non- discrimination as defined under CCPA.
Nevada Users
Appodeal does not sell Users PI as defined by Section 1.6 of Chapter 603A of the Nevada Revised Statutes.
Retention Policy
Appodeal retains Users PI as long as necessary to provide the Services unless a longer period is required to be permitted for legal or compliance purposes. Do Not Track: Some browsers offer a “do not track” (“DNT”) option. Appodeal does not respond to DNT signals.
Security
Appodeal employs industry standard technological measures that are reasonably designed to help protect information from loss, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction. While Appodeal takes reasonable efforts to guard information, no security system is impenetrable.
Policy On Information Collected From Children
This Site and our Services are not directed at children under the age of 13. Appodeal does not knowingly collect Users PI from children under the age of 13.
Changes
Appodeal may need to update this Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect changes to our Services and the laws applicable to our provision of the Services to you. If Appodeal does change this Privacy Policy, it will revise the “Last Updated” date at the top of this Privacy Policy on the Site. Continued use of this Site or the Services after the posting of such notice will be subject to the terms of the then-current Privacy Policy. Contact: If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact Appodeal via email at
legal@appodeal.com
Sub-policy 4
https://www.appsflyer.com/privacy-policy/:
Platform
Measure
Measurement suite
Measure every action on mobile, web and CTV
ROI measurement
Understand your true mobile marketing ROI
Creative Optimization
Unlock creative performance with the power of AI
Analyze
Marketing analytics
Turn insights on campaign performance into action
Incrementality
Prove the real value of your marketing campaigns
Engage
CX & deep linking
Boost revenue with exceptional customer experience
Audience segmentation
Create meaningful conversations with your customers
Protect
Fraud protection
Protect your marketing budget from mobile ad fraud
Collaborate
Privacy Cloud
Collaborate with your partners in a privacy-centric way
AppsFlyer Data Collaboration Platform
First-party data monetization that fuels retail media growth
Partner marketplace
Connect to over 10,000 tech and media partners
Interactive product tours
iOS 14+ solutions
Data feeds & APIs
Solutions
Team
Marketing
Product
Data & Analytics
R&D
Goal
Regain iOS visibility
Kickstart app growth
Scale user acquisition
Increase engagement & LTV
Maximize ROAS
Industry
Gaming
Shopping
Finance
Food & drink
Health & fitness
Travel
Platform
iOS
Android
PC & console
CTV & OTT
Web
Mobile
Web3
Partnerships
Tech and media partners
Agency partners
Partner Program
Interactive product tours
Customer stories
The AppsFlyer difference
Learn
Resources
Stay informed with industry insights, the latest trends, original content, and all things AppsFlyer
Ecosystem
Blog
Reports & guides
Events & webinars
Tools & templates
Industry benchmarks
Videos
Podcasts
Glossary
Metrics comparison
Customers
Customer stories
Product news
Use cases
Help center
Developer Hub
AppsFlyer Learning
Come to MAMA
Company
Who we are
Find out more about our history, our team, what we stand for, and why we do what we do
About us
Newsroom
CEO blog spot
Trust hub
Careers
Social impact
Contact
From our CEO
The future of our ecosystem and web
On privacy and user experience
Aggregated advanced privacy
Pricing
Login
Sign up free
Contact sales
Legal hub
MSA
Site Terms
Website Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
DPA
Opt Out
Processing Customer Data
Supplier Portal
Subprocessors
Modern Slavery Statement
Documentation
MSA
Site Terms
Website Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
DPA
Opt Out
Processing Customer Data
Supplier Portal
Subprocessors
Modern Slavery Statement
Website Privacy Policy
Last updated May 28, 2024
This Privacy Policy applies to: (i) use of the AppsFlyer owned and operated Websites (appsflyer.com, onelink.me and their subdomains); (ii) our marketing activities including, registrations as part of webinars, conference events, emails etc.; and (iii) any other product or activity that links to, or otherwise references, this privacy policy (collectively, the “Marketing Platforms“). We respect your privacy rights and value your trust. This Privacy Policy describes how we collect, receive, use, store, share, transfer, and process your personal information, as well as your rights in determining what we do with the information that we collect or hold about you.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to information collected through use by customers of the AppsFlyer service, which is described under our
Services Privacy Policy
.
Information We Collect
When using or interacting with our Marketing Platforms, we may collect or receive the following types of information (collectively, “Information”).
“Personal Information” such as name, email, contact details or any other personal content that you provide to us whether through a form or field on our website or any other communication (e.g. email, phone, post etc.).
“Technical Information” such as browser type, operating system, device type, IP address and other similar technical information typically received from a browser or device automatically when visiting or interacting with our Marketing Platforms. This may include the referring URL that led you to our website.
“Usage Information” such as the pages you visited on our website, where you clicked, searches performed on our website and other similar information related to how you have used our website. It may also include information related to whether you receive, opened or clicked on any links in an email sent to you.
We understand that certain Technical information or Usage Information may, either alone or when combined with other data, be deemed personal data under various laws and jurisdictions and we are committed to treating such data in compliance with applicable laws.
The Methods We Use to Collect and Receive Information
Depending on the type of Information, we may collect or receive Information in the following ways:
When you voluntarily share Information with us. For example, when you register to one of our events, request that we contact you through our online forms, submit your CV, or when you request to receive certain content that we may make available (e.g. research and white papers).
Through use of cookies and other similar technologies (e.g. HTML5 Local Storage, LSO, web beacons, JavaScript, etc.). These technologies help us to analyze how our Marketing Platforms are used and to tailor content that is relevant to you. It also helps us to deliver more relevant advertisements to you on our own or third party sites. For more information on such technologies, including how to manage your cookie preferences please see our
Cookie Policy
.
Information obtained from third party sources. This includes Information received through the various business support tools and services that we use (e.g. marketing platforms, analytics services etc.) and public sources such as social media sites. We may combine the Information received through these sources with other Information we have in order to ensure our records are up to date and so that we are able to provide you with relevant content.
You have choices in how we collect and use Information. See the “
Your Choices
” section below for more information.
The Purposes
We use Information for the following purposes:
To process your inquiries and to respond to your requests. For example, when you contact us to learn more about our products or services or when you request to receive certain materials from us (e.g. white papers, research papers, product and services information). Additionally, if you submit your CV to us, we use it to evaluate your candidacy (including by assessing your qualifications and skills).
To send you information related to our services and products that we believe may interest you, such as newsletters or product and service updates. Such communications will be sent to you when you have chosen to receive such communication or when we have a legitimate interest to market our products and services. In any event, you will always be able to opt-out of receiving such communications. Opting out may be done either directly in the communication received or through the ways described in the instructions in the “
Your Choices
” section below.
To understand how you have used our Marketing Platforms and to customize them in accordance with your interests and past actions and choices. We do this based on our legitimate interest to operate our Marketing Platforms, diagnose any problems with the Marketing Platforms and to improve the Marketing Platforms and your experience when navigating through them.
In our legitimate interest to prevent fraud or harm to us or to any third party, and ensure the security of our network and services.
Where it is necessary for AppsFlyer to comply with its legal obligations and to exercise and enforce its legal rights.
We may use certain third-party marketing and advertising networks to help us market our products on our own website and on third party websites (e.g. remarketing ads across the Internet by Google).
Who We Share Information With
In order to conduct our business and operate our Marketing Platforms, we may share Information with various third parties, such as:
Our subsidiary companies and global branches.
Third parties that help us operate our Marketing Platforms (e.g. hosting company, recruitment platforms and agencies, payment processors, business management and email distribution service providers and other similar service providers). These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us.
When required by law, such as to comply with court orders, search warrants, regulatory orders, subpoenas, and other lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements;
Legal authorities, consultants, advisors or service providers when required to investigate, respond to, or prevent, fraud; or when required to ensure the security of our network and services and protect the safety of AppsFlyer or the public.
As part of any merger or acquisition of AppsFlyer, Information may be transferred to the merging or acquiring company, as well as to any advisors representing a party during discussions of such merger or acquisition.
AppsFlyer resellers, agents, partners or service providers acting on our behalf in connection with the offering of AppsFlyer’s products or services.
Third-party marketing and advertising networks to help us market our products on our own website and on third party websites (e.g. remarketing ads across the Internet by Google).
Without derogating from the foregoing, AppsFlyer may publish general aggregate and unidentifiable information (e.g. statistical information) relating to use of its Marketing Platforms.
Cross Border Data Transfers and Mechanisms
We may need to transfer Information to countries where we and/or our service providers operate. Such countries may be different from the country in which the data originated and where data protection laws may not be equivalent to, or offer the same protection as, those in your country. By using our Marketing Platforms, you agree to any such transfers. In any event, where appropriate given the nature of services, we will put in place agreements with our service providers to ensure a level of privacy consistent with the terms of this policy.
With regards to the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Economic Area to the United States, please be assured that AppsFlyer continues to comply with all applicable laws in respect of such transfers and any data transfers to the United States will be governed by the Standard Contractual Clauses as set forth in our DPA with the relevant service provider.
AppsFlyer Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. AppsFlyer Inc. has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, as well as to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the DPF Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view AppsFlyer’s certification, please visit
Data Privacy Framework website
.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over AppsFlyer Inc.’s compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, and in case of onward transfer of data to third parties, AppsFlyer maintains liability.
In compliance with the DPF Principles, AppsFlyer is committed to resolving any complaints arising regarding our processing of your personal data. You may direct your queries to privacy@appsflyer.com and, in compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, we are committed to referring unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the DPF to Truste, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://trustarc.com/dispute-resolution/
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of Truste are provided at no cost to you and allow for binding arbitration.
Protecting Your Information
We strive to meet the highest standards of security measures across our business units. We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational measures based on industry-leading standards. Such measures are designed to protect against unauthorized access or unlawful processing of Personal Information and against accidental loss, destruction or damage of Personal Information. As part of such measures, we have established various policies and procedures that guide us, including in respect of asset management, access management, physical security, people security, product security, cloud and network infrastructure security, third-party security, vulnerability management, security monitoring, and incident response.
Information Storage and Retention
We may store Information on our own servers as well as those operated by third party data hosting providers. As specified in Section 5 above (Cross Border Transfers), such servers may be located worldwide. We will only retain your Personal Information for as long as necessary to pursue the purpose of the collection. We may also retain your Personal Information for such time needed to pursue our legitimate business interests, in connection with any legal claims and compliance with legal obligations. When we use your information for direct marketing purposes, we will retain your data until you opt-out from receiving the marketing materials; provided that we will need to retain certain information to maintain a record of your request.
Modifications to This Policy
AppsFlyer may amend this Privacy Policy at any time, provided that in the event of a material change we shall provide notice on this page and/or a note near the link to this page. The updates shall apply immediately for new Information collected or provided as of the day of the update and following thirty (30) days for any Information collected or provided to AppsFlyer prior to the update date. If you do not agree to the terms of the new policy you are requested to contact the Legal Department using the contact details listed in Section 11 below. We encourage you to periodically review this page for any updates.
Your Choices
We provide you with various choices on how we may use Information in connection with: (i) our marketing activities; and (ii) our use of cookies and similar technologies to serve your interest-based advertisements and to analyze usage of our Marketing Platforms.
You may choose to stop receiving our newsletter or marketing emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in these emails, accessing the email preferences in your account settings page, or you can contact us at
https://www.appsflyer.com/company/contact/
. You can manage your preferences related to our use of cookies and similar technologies that we use, among other things, to provide you with targeted interest-based advertisements and to analyze your use of our Marketing Platforms – please see our
Cookie Policy
for instructions. Additionally, certain advertisers (including Google) we work with may be members of NAI and/or the Digital Advertising Alliance. You may opt-out from such advertisers’ services here or at the following link:
https://youradchoices.com/
In addition, the laws of some jurisdictions may provide you with various rights in connection with our processing of certain Information. Such rights may include:
The right to withdraw any previously provided consent;
The right to access certain information about you that we process;
The right to have us correct or update any Personal Information;
The right to have certain Information erased;
The right to have us temporarily block our processing of certain Information;
The right to have Information exported into common machine-readable format;
The right to object to our processing of Information in cases of direct marketing, or when we rely on legitimate interests as our lawful basis to process your information; and
The right to lodge a complaint with the appropriate data protection authority.
We will respond to your requests within a reasonable timeframe. Please note these rights may be limited in certain circumstances as provided by applicable law. For any additional information regarding such rights or to exercise any such rights please contact AppsFlyer at: privacy@appsflyer.com
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
.
Social Media and Third Party Services
Our website may offer a blog with ‘comments’ section and various social media features, such as a ‘share’ button or links to third party websites and services, including Twitter, LinkedIn, Google+ and Facebook. When using any such features, certain information may be collected by such third parties, including your IP address or which page you are visiting on our website, and such third parties may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Any data collected by such third parties is governed by such third party’s privacy policy. You are encouraged to carefully review such third party privacy policies.
Children’s Privacy
AppsFlyer does not knowingly collect or process personal data from or with respect to children under the age of 16, and you must be 16 years of age or older in order to establish an account for AppsFlyer’s Services. If you are a parent or legal guardian and believe that your child under the age of 16 has submitted his or her personal data or other data without your consent, permission, or authorization – please let us know immediately, and we will promptly act to remove your child’s data from our database, cease the use of such data and inform any other party we suspect to have access to such data to do the same.
California Privacy Rights
We may collect personal information about California residents who are afforded additional rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act, Cal. Civ. Code §§ 1798.100 et seq. (the “CCPA“). If you are a California resident, you can see more details about the types of personal information we have collected from you in the past 12 months and may collect from you in Section 1 above (
Information We Collect
) and how we collect such personal information in Section 2 above (
The Methods We Use to Collect and Receive Information
). The purposes for which we collect your personal information are further described in Section 3 above (
The Purpose
). We do not share your personal information with any third party except as further described in Section 4 above (
Who We Share Information With
). Please refer to the other terms of this Privacy Policy to see further rights afforded to you and how we use your personal information.
We do not “Sell” (as defined in the CCPA) your personal information which we have collected or may collect and in the event we will Sell your personal information, we will notify you by updating this Privacy Policy in accordance with Section 8 above (
Modifications to this Policy
) and we will provide you with the option of opting out of such “sale”.
You, as a California resident, have certain rights regarding your personal information pursuant to the CCPA, subject to certain restrictions under applicable laws, including the rights to access your personal information, to delete your personal information, and to opt out of the “sale” of your personal data. You may request any of these by contacting us via email at
privacy@appsflyer.com
or by physical mail to: AppsFlyer Ltd. (Attn: Legal Dept.) 14 Maskit St., Herzliya, Israel. Upon your request, we will verify that you are the person making this request and in order to do so, we may request identification documents from you.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions or concerns about this Website Privacy Policy, the information we collect, the practices of AppsFlyer, or your dealings with the Marketing Platforms, please contact us or our Data Protection Officer by sending an email to:
privacy@appsflyer.com
or by physical mail to: AppsFlyer Ltd. (Attn: Legal Dept.) 14 Maskit St., Herzliya, Israel. For the purposes of Article 27 of the General Data Protection Regulation, the representative within the EU of AppsFlyer is AppsFlyer Germany Schönhauser Allee 180, 10119 Berlin, Germany (contact
privacy@appsflyer.com
; +49 30 166373500).
Sub-policy 5
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation:
Facebook
Email or phone
Password
Forgot account?
Create new account
It looks like you were misusing this feature by going too fast. You’ve been temporarily blocked from using it.
Back
English (US)
Gaeilge
Polski
Lietuvių
Português (Brasil)
Русский
Română
Español
Français (France)
Deutsch
Italiano
Meta © 2025
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to help provide and improve content on
Meta Products
. We also use them to provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and to provide and improve Meta Products for people who have an account.
Essential cookies: These cookies are required to use Meta Products and are necessary for our sites to work as intended.
Cookies from other companies: We use these cookies to show you ads off of Meta Products and to provide features like maps and videos on Meta Products. These cookies are optional.
You have control over the optional cookies we use. Learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choices at any time in our
Cookies Policy
.
About cookies
What are cookies?
Learn more
Why do we use cookies?
Learn more
What are Meta Products?
Learn more
Your cookie choices
Learn more
Cookies from other companies
We use cookies from
other companies
in order to show you ads off of our Products, and provide features like maps, payment services and video.
Choose cookies by category
How we use these cookies
If you allow these cookies
If you don't allow these cookies
Other ways you can control your information
Manage your ad experience in Accounts Center
More information about online advertising
Controlling cookies with browser settings
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Sub-policy 6
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/:
Facebook
Email or phone
Password
Forgot account?
Create new account
It looks like you were misusing this feature by going too fast. You’ve been temporarily blocked from using it.
Back
English (US)
Gaeilge
Polski
Lietuvių
Português (Brasil)
Русский
Română
Español
Français (France)
Deutsch
Italiano
Meta © 2025
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to help provide and improve content on
Meta Products
. We also use them to provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and to provide and improve Meta Products for people who have an account.
Essential cookies: These cookies are required to use Meta Products and are necessary for our sites to work as intended.
Cookies from other companies: We use these cookies to show you ads off of Meta Products and to provide features like maps and videos on Meta Products. These cookies are optional.
You have control over the optional cookies we use. Learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choices at any time in our
Cookies Policy
.
About cookies
What are cookies?
Learn more
Why do we use cookies?
Learn more
What are Meta Products?
Learn more
Your cookie choices
Learn more
Cookies from other companies
We use cookies from
other companies
in order to show you ads off of our Products, and provide features like maps, payment services and video.
Choose cookies by category
How we use these cookies
If you allow these cookies
If you don't allow these cookies
Other ways you can control your information
Manage your ad experience in Accounts Center
More information about online advertising
Controlling cookies with browser settings
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies