Employee Records
Harri (USA) LLC and Harri Technologies UK Ltd. (collectively, “We” or “Harri”) provides the Harri.com website (
https://harri.com/
) (the “Site”) and the software on or in connection with such website, including, but not limited to, alternate product domains or mobile applications (the “Services”). As a user of the Site, you are permitted to upload, share, post, publish or transmit (“Share”) data, messages, text, images, photographs, graphics, audio and video (“User Content”).
The following are terms of a legal agreement between you (“You“ or “Your“) and Harri (“We“ or “Harri“). By accessing or using the Site or the Services provided on or through the Site, you agree to follow and be bound by the following terms and conditions concerning your access to and use of the Site and the User Content provided on or through the Site (“Terms of Use“) and our Privacy Notice. Harri may revise the Terms of Use and the Privacy Notice at any time without notice to you. The revised Terms of Use and Privacy Notice will be effective when posted. You can review the most current Privacy Notice at (
https://harri.com/privacy
)
Reservation of Rights The Site and any text, graphics, logos, photos, button icons, images, digital downloads, data compilations, and software and the selection and arrangement thereof (the “Harri Content”) and the trademarks, service marks, designs, and logos (the “Trademarks”) are the intellectual property and copyrighted works of Harri. All rights, title and interest not expressly granted with respect to the Site and Harri Content provided on or through the Site are reserved. Nothing in these Terms of Use gives you a right to use the Harri name or any of the Trademarks, logos, domain names, and other distinctive brand features or any confusingly similar Trademarks without prior written consent.
Age Restrictions You must be fifteen (15) years of age or older to use this Site.
User Content You agree that you will only upload, share, post, publish, transmit, or otherwise make available (“Share“) on or through the Site, User Content that you have the right and authority to Share. You agree that you will neither use the Site in a manner, nor Share any User Content, that:
is false or misleading;
is defamatory, derogatory, degrading or harassing of another or constitutes a personal attack;
invades another’s privacy or includes, copies or transmits another’s confidential, sensitive or personal information;
promotes bigotry, racism, hatred or harm against any group or individual;
is obscene or not in good taste;
violates or infringes or promotes the violation or infringement of another’s rights, including intellectual property rights;
bully, intimidate, or harass any user;
collect users’ content or information, or otherwise access the Site, using automated means (such as harvesting bots, robots, spiders, or scrapers) without our prior permission;
contact other users in any manner or for any purpose other than that which is expected, solicit login information or other personal information from any other user, or send unsolicited mail or email, make unsolicited phone calls or send unsolicited faxes to any user;
express or imply that any statements you make are endorsed or approved by Harri without our prior written consent;
impersonate any person or entity or misrepresent your affiliation with any other person or entity;
set more than one copy of the same profile information or job posting to the public at one time;
delete or modify any content posted by any other person or entity.
violates or promotes the violation of any applicable laws or regulations;
violate or attempt to violate the security of the Site, including but not limited to attempting to probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of a system or to breach authentication or other security measures without proper authorization; and
post any content, code, or other information that contains any form of malicious code, files, or programs that are designed or intended to disrupt, damage, or limit the functionality of any software, hardware, or telecommunications equipment or otherwise causes damage, or allows you to obtain unauthorized access to any data or other information of any third party.
Harri may report you to the relevant authorities and may act under the fullest extent of applicable laws if you transmit or upload content intended or designed to cause harm.
Restrictions on Use You must respect Harri’s ownership of the Harri Content and Trademarks. You will not:
change or delete any proprietary notices from materials printed or downloaded from the Site;
refer to or attribute any information to Harri or its licensors in any public medium (e.g., press release, websites) for advertising or promotion purposes, or for the purpose of informing or influencing any third party;
use or reproduce any Trademark of, or imply any endorsement by or relationship with, Harri or its licensors;
modify, create derivative works of, decompile or otherwise attempt to extract source code from us, unless you are expressly permitted to do so under an open source license or we give you express written permission;
copy or adapt the HTML code used to generate web pages on the Site;
use or attempt to use engines, manual or automated software, tools, devices, agents, scripts robots or other means, devices, mechanisms or processes (including, but not limited to, browsers, spiders, robots, avatars or intelligent agents) to navigate, search, access, “scrape,” “crawl,” or “spider” any web pages or any services provided on the Sites other than the search engine and search agents available from Harri on the Site and other than generally available third party web browsers (e.g., Internet Explorer, Firefox, Safari); or
aggregate, copy or duplicate in any manner any of the Harri Content. Use, reproduction, modification, distribution or storage of any Harri Content or User Content for other than purposes of using the Site is expressly prohibited without prior written permission from Harri. You shall not sell, license, rent, or otherwise use or exploit any Harri Content or User Content for commercial use unless we provide our advance written consent. You shall not sell, license, rent, or otherwise use or exploit any Harri Content or User Content in any way that violates any third party right.
Security, Passwords and Means of Accessing the Site and Content You agree not to access or use the Site in any manner that could damage, disable, overburden, or impair any Harri accounts, computer systems or networks. You agree not to attempt to gain unauthorized access to any parts of the Site or any Harri accounts, computer systems or networks. You agree not to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Site or any Harri accounts, computer systems or networks. You agree not to use any robot, spider, scraper or other automated means to access the Site or any Harri accounts, computer systems or networks without Harri’s express written permission. If any of the Services require you to open an account, you must complete the registration process by providing us with current, complete and accurate information as required by the applicable registration form. You may also be required to choose a password and a user name. Access to and use of password protected or secure areas of the Site are restricted to authorized users only. You agree not to share your password(s), account information, or access to the Site with any other person. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of password(s) and account information, and you are responsible for all activities that occur through the use of your password(s) or account(s) or as a result of your access to the Site. You agree to notify Harri immediately of any use of your password(s) or account(s) that you did not authorize or that is not authorized by these Terms of Use.
No Unlawful or Prohibited Use You agree not to use the Site, or User Content or Harri Content provided on or through the Site, for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these Terms of Use.
Indemnity You agree to indemnify and hold harmless Harri, its officers, directors, employees and agents from and against any and all claims, liabilities, damages, losses or expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs, due to or arising out of User Content that you Share, your violation of these Terms of Use or any additional rules, guidelines or terms of use posted for a specific area of the Site or Content provided on or through the Site, or your violation or infringement of any third party rights, including intellectual property rights.
Monitoring Harri has no obligation to monitor the Site or screen User Content that is Shared on or through the Site. However, Harri reserves the right to review the Site and User Content and to monitor all use of and activity on the Site, and to remove or choose not to make available on or through the Site any User Content in its sole discretion. Harri may remove User Content that is confidential or proprietary to a third party without that third party’s permission. Harri also reserves the right to use Your login information in order to log on and troubleshoot or otherwise address and resolve any support issues, errors or malfunctions affecting the Site or Harri’s software and services.
Termination of Use Harri may, in its sole discretion, at any time discontinue providing or limit access to the Site, any areas of the Site or User Content provided on or through the Site. You agree that Harri may, in its sole discretion, at any time, terminate or limit your access to, or use of, the Site or any User Content. Harri may terminate or limit your access to or use of the Site if Harri determines, in its sole discretion, that you have infringed the copyrights of a third party. You agree that Harri shall not be liable to you or any third-party for any termination or limitation of your access to, or use of, the Site or any User Content, including User Content that you may have Shared. Harri reserves the right to investigate complaints or reported violations of these Terms of Use and to take any action we deem appropriate including but not limited to reporting any suspected unlawful activity to law enforcement officials, regulators, or other third parties and disclosing any information necessary or appropriate to such persons or entities relating to user profiles, e-mail addresses, usage history, posted materials, IP addresses and traffic information. Harri reserves the right to seek all remedies available at law and in equity for violations of these Terms of Use, including but not limited to the right to block access from a particular interest address to this Site. If we fail to enforce any of these Terms of Use, it will not be considered a waiver.
No Guarantee of Results Neither Harri nor its partners are an employment agency or a recruiting firm, and neither makes any representations or guarantees regarding the effectiveness or timeliness of the Site in meeting the employment objectives of Users, unless specifically set forth in writing pursuant to a separate agreement executed by Harri. Neither Harri nor its partners make any guarantee that employers will find suitable candidates, that documents posted by Users will result in candidates being hired or positions being filled, and neither is responsible for any employment decisions, for whatever reason made, made by any User, unless specifically set forth in writing pursuant to a separate agreement executed by Harri.
Reservation of Rights We reserve the right at all times (but will not have an obligation) to remove or refuse to distribute any User Content on the Site, to suspend or terminate Users, and to reclaim usernames. Harri also reserves the right to modify or remove, or to request you to modify or remove, any such information or content which in the sole judgment of Harri violates this Agreement, or any applicable laws, rules, or regulations, or which Harri believes is not in the best interests of Harri.
Errors and Corrections Harri makes no representation that this Site is error-free, free of viruses, or other harmful components, or that defects or that it will always be accessible. Harri does not warrant or represent that the Site will be correct, accurate, timely, or otherwise reliable. Harri makes no representation that the information on the Site is correct, complete, or current, nor does Harri represent that the information posted by users will be correct, complete, or current. Harri may make improvements and/or changes to the Site’s features, functionality, or content at any time.
Disputes With Other Users You are solely responsible for your interactions with other Users.
Disclaimer Except where expressly provided otherwise, the Site, all Harri Content and all User Content provided on or through the site, are provided on an “as is“ and “as available“ basis. Harri expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement with respect to the site and all content provided on or through the site. Harri makes no warranty that: (a) the Site or Services will meet your requirements; (b) the Site will be available on an uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free basis; (c) the results that may be obtained from the use of the Site or any Service provided on or through the site will be accurate or reliable; or (d) the quality of any Service obtained by you on or through the site will meet your expectations. Any content accessed, downloaded or otherwise obtained on or through the use of the Site is used at your own discretion and risk. Harri shall have no responsibility for any damage to your computer system or loss of data that results from the download or use of content. Harri reserves the right to make changes or updates to, and monitor the use of, the Site and User Content provided on or through the site at any time without notice. Harri’s online training platform(s) is not intended to be and should not be considered legal advice. See (
Harri’s online training platform disclaimer and limitation of liability
) for more details.
Limitation of Liability IN NO EVENT SHALL HARRI BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, REVENUE, DATA OR DATA USE, INCURRED BY YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION IN CONTRACT OR TORT, ARISING FROM YOUR ACCESS TO, OR USE OF, THE SITE OR ANY CONTENT PROVIDED ON OR THROUGH THE SITE.
Exclusions and Limitations Some jurisdictions do not allow the disclaimer or exclusion of certain warranties or the disclaimer, exclusion or limitation of certain liabilities. To the extent that they are held to be legally invalid, disclaimers, exclusions and limitations set forth in these terms of use do not apply and all other terms shall remain in full force and effect.
Privacy Policy Harri is concerned about your privacy and has developed a policy to address privacy concerns. For more information, please see Harri’s
Privacy Notice
. Any personal information collected on this Site may be accessed and stored globally and will be treated in accordance with our
Privacy Notice
. You understand that Harri collects, uses, processes, possesses, and otherwise stores your personal information and utilization data and may share such data with third party service providers for the purpose of improving or providing services subject to
Harri’s Privacy Policy
.
Third Party Products and Content Harri reserves the right to provide add-ons, applications, integrations, software, code, online services, systems and other products not developed by Supplier (“Third Party Product”) to You in connection with the Site. Harri does not provide or make any representation as to the quality or nature of any Third Party Products or any other representation, warranty or guaranty. Harri is not responsible in any way for User Content once it is transmitted, copied or removed from the Harri Site.
Waiver and Severability The failure of Harri to exercise or enforce any rights or provisions in these Terms of Use shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. If any part or provision of these Terms of Use is found to be unenforceable, such part or provision may be modified to make the Terms of Use as modified legal and enforceable. The balance of the Terms of Use shall not be affected.
Applicable Laws All matters relating to your access to, and use of, the Site, Harri Content or User Content provided on or through or uploaded to the Site shall be governed by U.S. federal law or the laws of the State of New York. Any legal action or proceeding relating to your access to, or use of, the Site or Harri Content or User Content shall be instituted in a state or federal court in the State of New York. You and Harri agree to submit to the jurisdiction of, and agree that venue is proper in, these courts in any such legal action or proceeding.
Contact Information If you have any questions regarding these Terms of Use, please contact Harri at (
DPO@harri.com
).
×
Close
Forgot?
Login
Don’t have a Harri account?
Sign up
today.
login
login
Google login
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://harri.com/privacy:
Employee Records
At Harri, we respect your privacy, and we understand the importance of the information you entrust to us. This Fair Processing Notice describes our practices concerning the information we collect from you when you visit our website and how we will use your personal data when you create profile on Harri.
• The types of information we collect when you use our service;
• How we use, share, and protect that information;
• How long we retain that information; and
• Your rights and options regarding the information we collect.
Harri US LLC
665 Broadway
Suite 402
New York
NY 10013
844-427-7443
Our Data Protection Officer is Kristy Gouldsmith and she can be contacted at
DPO@harri.com
.
Harri Profile
Harri Profile
We collect and process your personal data when you create a profile on Harri. We are the controller for your Harri profile at all times. We are not the controller for data that is created or processed by any employer; we are the processor for that data. In order to create a profile, we need your name, email address, phone number, your employment details, if you have them (employer, position, duties, dates) and education (institution, location, qualification, dates). We ask you to describe yourself in three words and to write a bit about yourself for your profile. We ask for your references, if you have any. You also have the option to upload your CV and a photograph of yourself. Providing this additional information is entirely voluntary but will greatly assist you in your job search. When you create a Harri profile, you will be automatically included in our Talent Community. Being part of our Talent Community allows us to send you jobs that you might be interested in and it also makes your profile searchable and contactable by employers who can invite you to apply for positions. You can’t create a Harri profile without being included in the Talent Community When you visit our website, we will record your computer’s IP address, unique mobile device identifier, browser type, ISP or carrier name, and the URL of the last webpage you visited before visiting our website. This information gives us insights on how our users use our site and our services. We use this information to ensure that our service continues to appeal to our users and to monitor overall usage trends, metrics, page views, etc.
Applying for jobs
You can use your Harri profile to apply for jobs on our platform or to apply for a job with an employer. When you apply for a job, the employer becomes the controller for any of your personal data that they use or create during the employment process. Please read the Fair Processing Notice (Privacy Notice) of each employer to see how they will handle your personal data. As the controller for the recruitment/ employment process, the employer will have access to your application and will be able to use it to assess your suitability as a candidate with them. For example, the employer can use Harri to schedule interviews, make recruitment notes and to ask you specific questions during the recruitment process. If you are hired by an employer, they may use Harri to manage their workforce. Please see your employer’s privacy notice for more information about how they do this. One feature of Harri that your employer may use is called ‘Social Referral’. ‘Social Referral’ allows your employer to send you job vacancies which you can then post on your own social media pages, if you wish to. If you would like to unsubscribe from ‘Social Referral’ communications, please contact your employer. Harri cannot unsubscribe you.
Marketing
We send
marketing emails
to work email addresses of people in organisations that would be interested in using our platform. Our legal basis for this is legitimate interest as these are work emails and the context is business to business.  We don’t send marketing emails to individuals who have a Harri profile.
We always have an unsubscribe link and you are free to unsubscribe at anytime. If you do unsubscribe, we will hold your email address in a suppression list so that we don’t email you again in error. This will be for five years and having a suppression list is a legitimate interest.
Harri is a platform that allows you to create a Harri profile. We use your personal data to create this profile for you and to send you communications regarding that profile. Harri is the controller for this profile. Employers will use Harri in the recruitment/ employment process and we are a processor for the employer. The employer is the controller of the process once you choose to apply for a job with them.
We will share your personal data with organisations that perform services or functions on our behalf, including cloud storage and web hosting providers, email service providers, and software maintenance service providers. We must necessarily share your information with these organisations for them to perform their functions.
If requested or required by law enforcement authorities, courts, or regulators, we may disclose any information we have collected from you.
We also may disclose your information to exercise or protect our legal rights or to defend against legal claims. In some cases, we may choose to buy or sell assets. In these business transfers, customer information is typically one of the business assets that are transferred. Moreover, if all or substantially all of our business assets were acquired, or in the unlikely event that we go out of business or enter into bankruptcy, customer information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party.
We share your personal data between our UK entity, our Ramallah entity and our US parent in order to provide the software service and for administrative reasons. The sharing of your personal data is protected by the use of the UK’s International Data Transfer Agreement (IDTA).
We need a legal basis in order to process your personal data. Creating a Harri profile is entirely your choice, so our legal basis for its processing is with your consent. You can put in as much or as little information as you like. You can withdraw your consent at any time by requesting that your profile be deleted and that you are removed from the Talent Community. If you have applied for a job, we will pass your deletion request over to the employers. They will then handle your request. We share your data between our UK, USA and Ramallah entities using the legal basis of legitimate interest as the sharing is for administrative purposes. We share your data with organisations that perform services for us and this is a legitimate activity. We will use your technical data for analytical purposes and to improve our services and this is a legitimate activity. We will disclose your data if we are required to do so in response to a legal obligation. We will disclose your data to our advisors, as required, and this is a legitimate interest.
Harri does not use any automated decision making. However, an employer might use automated decision-making in their recruitment questions. Please read their Fair Processing Notice for more information on their recruitment process.
The security of your personal data is important to us and we strive to implement and maintain reasonable, commercially acceptable security procedures and practices appropriate to the nature of the information we store, in order to protect it from unauthorized access, destruction, use, modification, or disclosure. However, please be aware that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and we are unable to guarantee the absolute security of the personal data that we have collected from you.
Your personal data will be transferred to — and maintained on — computers and servers located outside of your country where the data protection laws may differ from those in your jurisdiction. If you are located outside the United States and choose to provide personal data to us, please note that we transfer personal data to the United States and process it there pursuant to our Standard Contractual Clauses (EU Model Contracts). We also transfer personal data to Ramallah, Palestine, and process it there pursuant to our Standard Contractual Clauses (EU Model Contracts). European data protection laws permit the European Commission to make decisions about the adequacy of protection for personal data in respect of transfers which are binding on EU member states. These laws recognise that if a data exporter adopts the “standard contractual clauses” adopted by the European Commission, this will provide an adequate safeguard as required by law. We have Standard Contractual Clauses in place with our entity in Ramallah, Palestine and our entity in the USA. We commit to cooperate with EU data protection authorities and comply with the advice given by such authorities with regard to personal data and human resources data transferred from the EU in the context of the employment relationship. In particular, as further specified in this Fair Processing Notice, we will maintain compliance with data protection principles by adhering to the following practices:
Notice
When we collect your personal data, we’ll give you timely and appropriate notice describing what personal data we’re collecting, how we’ll use it, and the types of third parties with whom we may share it. This Fair Processing Notice serves as such notice, and any changes to our collection, use or disclosure of your personal data will be reflected in revisions to the Fair Processing Notice posted on our website.
Choice
As established and described in this Fair Processing Notice, we’ll give you choices about the ways we use and share your personal data, and we’ll respect the choices you make.
Accountability for Onward Transfer
If we transfer your personal data to another country, we may remain liable and will take appropriate measures to protect your privacy and the personal data we transfer.
Security
We’ll take appropriate physical, technical, and organizational measures to protect your personal data from loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure, alteration, and destruction.
Data Integrity and Purpose Limitation
We’ll collect only as much personal data as we need for specific, identified purposes, and we won’t use it for other purposes without having a correct legal basis. We’ll take appropriate steps to make sure the personal data in our records is accurate.
Access
If you wish to confirm the accuracy of your personal data or have it removed from our systems and records, you may contact us at the email address, telephone number or postal address provided in this Fair Processing Notice.
Recourse, Enforcement and Liability
We’ll regularly review our continued adherence to these privacy obligations, and we’ll provide information in this Fair Processing Notice as a way to resolve complaints about our privacy practices. Further, we acknowledge our potential liability for misuse of your personal data by us or our third-party service providers, as set out in this Fair Processing Notice.
We retain your account information for as long as your account is active. We also retain your information, if required, as long necessary to comply with any legal obligations, to resolve disputes, to enforce our agreements, and to continue to develop and improve our services. Where we retain information for service improvement and development, it will be anonymized and used to uncover collective insights about the use of our services, not to specifically analyze personal characteristics about you.
If the services are made available to you through an organization (e.g., your employer), we are the processor for that personal data. The retention period for this data is decided upon by the employer. If your account is deactivated, the information that you have given to your employer will remain (please see the employer’s Fair Processing Notice).
You have rights in respect of our processing of your personal data which are:
To access to your personal data and information about our processing of it. You also have the right to request a copy of your personal data (but we will need to remove information about other people).
To rectify incorrect personal data that we are processing
To request that we erase your personal data if:
we no longer need it;
if we are processing your personal data by consent and you withdraw that consent;
if we no longer have a legitimate ground to process your personal data; or
we are processing your personal data unlawfully
To object to our processing if it is by legitimate interest
To restrict our processing if it was by legitimate interest
To request that your personal data be transferred from us to another company if we were processing your data under a contract or with your consent and the processing is carried out automated means.
There is also the possibility, under certain conditions, for you to invoke binding arbitration.
If you want to exercise any of these rights, please contact us.
If you have any questions or concerns, please email
DPO@harri.com
as most matters can be resolved informally in the first instance If you would like any of your personal data deleted, please submit a ticket on the following website:
https://harri.force.com/support/s/
You also have the right to lodge a complaint about our processing with the UK’s
Information Commissioner’s Office
.
×
Close
Forgot?
Login
Don’t have a Harri account?
Sign up
today.
login
login
Google login