Terms and Conditions of Carriage
The following terms and conditions of carriage apply to all customers travelling on any Nottingham City Transport bus and are effective from Thursday 28 November 2024.
Introduction
Nottingham City Transport is the principal bus operator in Nottingham, with around 45 million passenger journeys every year on 280 buses throughout the City as well as to the neighbouring towns of Loughborough and Southwell.
With so many people using the bus, we have to set out guidelines and rules when travelling on the bus to ensure the safety and comfort of all passengers.  These Terms and Conditions of Carriage advise you about the rules on our buses and the expectations we have of you as a passenger, when travelling with us.
When you buy any ticket or validate a smart card to travel on one of the buses operated by Nottingham City Transport, you enter into an agreement with the Company.
These Conditions of Carriage apply to all services operated by NCT and set out your rights and duties as a passenger with us.
Customers should also familiarise themselves with other terms, conditions and policies that apply, including
Cookies
,
Easyrider Terms and Conditions
,
NCTX Buses Alexa Skill
,
NCTX Buses App
,
Privacy Policy
,
Customer Refund Policy
and
Social Media Policy
.
Mission Statement
Our Mission Statement is: Providing those we serve with a safe, reliable, value for money, integrated, public transport network which has the least impact on our environment.
Passenger Charter
As Nottingham’s major transport provider, our aim is to continually improve the standard of our service. This includes every aspect of our network – from punctuality and reliability to staff politeness, vehicle cleanliness, route branding and vehicle allocation.
Nottingham City Transport’s vision is to provide the best possible public transport service for the people of Nottingham. We aim to:
Deliver the most reliable service possible
Keep you informed about change to your services
Supply accessible and understandable information about our services
Provide safe and comfortable vehicles
Operate our network with friendly and helpful staff
NCT has adopted key performance indicators in line with government expectations, which are:
Service performance – to operate at least 99.5% of all journeys
Service reliability – at least 95% of buses to depart the City Centre “on time”* (between 1 minute early, 5 minutes late)
Service reliability – at least 90% of buses to depart the non City Centre timing points “on time”* (between 1 minute early, 5 minutes late)
Call Centre – to answer at least 95% of all calls
Call Centre – for answered calls to be picked up within 30 seconds
* This is the definition of “on time” used by our regulator, the Traffic Commissioner
Getting in Touch
If you need bus service information, journey planning advice or help with a bus ticket, please contact us.
To contact NCT, you can
Email –
travelcentre@nctx.co.uk
Phone –
0115 950 60 70
Visit us in the Old Market Square, NG1 2JS at our Travel Centre in the Old Market Square
Connect with us on
Facebook
and
Twitter
The NCT Travel Centre is open between 08:30 and 17:00 on Mondays to Fridays and 10:00 - 15:30 on Saturdays
Our Call Centre is open between 08:00 - 18:00 on Mondays to Fridays and 09:00-17:00 on Saturdays.
Opening hours vary at holiday periods. See website for details.
Timetable information is also available independently from Traveline on
0871 200 22 33
and by external providers who use the government Bus Open Data Service. NCT does not accept any responsibility for information on its services supplied externally by third parties.
Complaints and Comments
Your feedback is very important and it allows us to identify areas where we can improve the service we provide to you. If you let us know when something is wrong, we have the opportunity to put it right.
We recognise that you will want us to investigate your comments thoroughly and appreciate you will want a prompt response. We aim to respond to all comments, complaints and suggestions within 10 working days of receipt.
Comments and complaints should be directed to:
Online Feedback Form
Write to Nottingham City Transport, Travel Centre, 5 South Parade, Nottingham, NG1 2JS
Through Private / Direct Message on
Twitter
or
Facebook
Complaints should be received within 48 hours of the incident to allow us to thoroughly investigate.
When making a complaint, please try to provide sufficient details to assist with our investigation. This includes: date, time, route number, bus number, where you boarded the bus, a description of the driver and details of the actual complaint. Your Easyrider card number (if you used one) or your ticket, if you paid by cash, are very useful to us.
Where your complaint is about a driver’s conduct, Company Policy is that the exact outcome of any investigation will not be disclosed, since this information is of a sensitive nature.
If you are not satisfied with the response from NCT, you can contact
Bus Users UK
who are the approved Alternative Dispute Resolution (ADR) body for the bus and coach industry.
Timetables and Service Performance
Timetables for all our services are available from the NCT Travel Centre in the Old Market Square, over 200 outlets across the network (for example, libraries, colleges and hospitals), online at
www.nctx.co.uk
and in the NCTX Buses app and by post.
Journey Planning advice and support is available from the NCT Travel Centre.
When changes are made to services, new timetables will be available at least 2 weeks before the start date, with advance warning displayed on all branded buses, on our website, social media and at key bus stops.
The timetable for any service is a guide to the times we aim to operate the bus and our timetables are designed to reflect different traffic conditions across the day.
Services have fixed times at Timing Point stops, which are the only stops they wait at to regulate the service. These are shown in the Official Printed and PDF timetables for each service. Times from other stops are a best estimate of when the bus is likely to depart.
On occasions buses cannot be run at times and frequencies advertised due to reasons beyond our control or that of our subcontractors, and we may have to cancel journeys or divert services where we are unable to operate the advertised route or timetable. This can be due to severe traffic conditions, adverse weather, roadworks, other disruptions or other reasons beyond our control. We reserve the right therefore, to alter, suspend or withdraw a service and to alter the route, bus stops or times of any service without notice or liability to you.
We encourage customers to arrive at the bus stop at least 5 minutes before the scheduled departure time.
Getting On the Bus
For safety reasons, buses will only stop at recognised bus stops to allow passengers to board.
The service number for each service is clearly shown on the bus stop.
As the bus approaches, check the service number and destination on the bus to make sure it is the service you want.
All of our bus stops are “request stops” and you should clearly signal the driver as the bus approaches to let them know you wish to board.
If you need assistance with boarding a bus, please contact our Travel Centre for guidance.
When the bus has stopped, allow passengers to get off the bus first.
Once buses have closed their doors and the driver has signalled to pull away, the bus will not be able to let you board because the driver is committed to re-joining the main traffic flow.
Responsibility for bus shelters and stop infrastructure rests with the local authority.  We are responsible for maintaining up-to-date information at bus stops and employ a dedicated team to provide information at stops.
Paying Your Fare
To speed up journey times and to get you to your destination quicker, we operate an exact fare policy and change is not available on the bus.
Excess fare receipts are available, on request, for passengers who are unable to tender the correct fare. The excess fare can be collected from the NCT Travel Centre upon presentation of valid photo ID.
When boarding the bus, place your money in the coin box near the driver’s cab; present your smart card or contactless payment method to the card reader or show your Mobile Phone ticket screen to the QR card reader (where a QR code is displayed) or driver (where one isn’t displayed).
Please state your destination and/or the ticket type you want to the driver, if paying with cash or contactless (except Tap&Go).
Where you have paid cash or contactless (except Tap&Go), please take your ticket as proof of payment and check that you have the correct ticket for your journey. Please inform the driver at the time of issue in the event of an error because errors cannot be rectified at a later date.
Proof of payment for mobile tickets are emailed to customers and customers who pay using a contactless card or device can view their transaction history online at
www.nottinghamcontactless.co.uk
Please retain your ticket or your smart card, in good condition, and make them available for inspection, when asked for by a member of NCT staff.
The possession of a pre-purchased ticket (e.g. all day ticket, Grouprider, Easyrider, mobile app ticket) is not a guarantee of travel and the Company is not liable for any costs incurred as a result of not being able to travel that are outside of its control (e.g. bus full).
We cannot replace or reissue damaged, lost or mutilated tickets that have been bought on the bus. See the
Easyrider Citycard Terms and Conditions
for details about smart card replacements.
Customers who purchase tickets through the NCTX Buses app are subject to additional NCTX Buses app conditions, as outlined under “Settings” within the NCTX Buses app and
online here
.
Customers who purchase travel on an Easyrider smart card are subject to additional terms and conditions, provided at the time of purchase and available at
www.nctx.co.uk/easyrider
Customers who purchase travel using a contactless card or device are subject to additional terms and conditions, available at
www.nottinghamcontactless.co.uk
Fares
When you make a journey, you have to pay for a ticket on the bus, use a pre-purchased smart card or purchase a ticket through the NCTX Buses App. Tickets must be retained at all times during your journey for inspection by an NCT employee, or any authorised agent or subcontractor.
Payment of a fare covers making a journey on one of our buses and is not a payment to guarantee a seat for your journey. Standing forms part of the overall capacity of the bus and you may have to stand at busy times.
A list of available tickets and prices are contained within the NCT Journey Planner or online at
nctx.co.uk
Tickets are not transferable between passengers whilst making journeys, and can only be used by the person buying the ticket and must not be resold or given away for further use.
Single fares are valid for one journey between two points on the same bus at the time of purchase, no further than the terminus. A break in the journey is not permitted.
Return tickets are only valid on the day of issue. Return tickets are valid for travel between the two points stated on the ticket. When boarding for the return journey, please hand the ticket to the driver for validation, which will be done by punching a hole in the ticket.
On bus issued day tickets, contactless day caps and smartcard products sold in multiples of days, run from 04:30-04:29 for each day.
A fare-table for all services is available for inspection from the driver.
Where a passenger boards between fare stages, the journey is charged from the previous stage. Where a passenger alights between fare stages, the journey is charged to the next stage.
Where a passenger knowingly pays a lower fare than relevant for their journey, and is caught doing so by any on board inspection of tickets by NCT Staff, the passenger must pay for a new ticket. The price of this ticket will be from the point where the original ticket ended to the final destination.
Discounted ‘Child’ fares, are available for customers aged between 5 and 18 inclusive. Under 5s travel free.
Grouprider tickets can be used by up to 5 people, where there has to be at least 1 adult (19 and over) and no more than two adults. A Grouprider can be used by 2 adults travelling together without any children. All customers must board and alight at the same stops when travelling using a Grouprider ticket.
Some tickets are available within set areas and boundaries. These are most commonly referred to as the “City Zone”, “Outer Zone” and “Easyrider” boundaries.
CITY ZONE DEFINITION: Easyrider, Cityrider, Grouprider tickets are valid on all services within the ‘City Zone. The ‘City Zone includes all NCT services over their complete route except on the following services, where they are valid between the points shown:
1 between Nottingham and Clifton Pastures
26, 26A, N26 between Nottingham and Carlton-le-Willows School/Linden Grove
61 between Nottingham and Spring Lane (Gedling Country Park)
NCT accepts valid Concessionary Travel Permits in accordance with the national scheme requirements and additional local enhancements where available. Please contact your council for details of available concessions.
NCT accepts Robin Hood Travel Cards in accordance with the advertised Robin Hood boundary and scheme rules.
Wheelchairs
All NCT buses meet the legal requirement to have a bay which can accommodate one ‘standard reference wheelchair’.
A ‘standard reference wheelchair’ has a maximum width of 700mm, a length of 1200mm, sitting height 1350mm, footrest 150mm from the floor. Electric wheelchairs are treated the same as other wheelchairs.
Class 2 Motorised scooters are permitted on buses when a valid CPT Mobility Scooter permit has been issued.
Our buses are designed to carry 1 wheelchair at a time and following a 2017 Supreme Court ruling, we have adopted a policy where priority to the bay should be given to a wheelchair user.
Where the bay is occupied by a non-wheelchair user, our drivers will ask people occupying the bay to relocate to another part of the bus to allow a wheelchair user to board. If the customer refuses to move, our drivers will ask a second time, pointing out that the space is designated for a wheelchair user.
Where a customer still refuses to move to allow a wheelchair user to board, the driver is unable to force them to move and will contact our Control Room to seek guidance on what action to take next. This is most likely to be contacting the next available bus to let the driver know you will be boarding, or in some cases, booking a taxi for you (at our expense) to make your journey. Due to limited availability of wheelchair compliant taxis, you may have to transfer from your wheelchair on to a seat in the taxi and your wheelchair be folded down to be carried.
One unfolded wheelchair can be accommodated per bus and:
On single decks and double decks purchased since 2013, the wheelchair must have full access to the bay and cannot share the bay with a pushchair. Often, a separate bay is available for a pushchair.
On double decks purchased before 2012, the wheelchair can travel in the same bay as up to 2 pushchairs.
The driver will lower the ramp for a wheelchair user to allow them access on and off the bus.
In a small number of cases, the driver is exempt from deploying the ramp on medical grounds because they have a disability. In these cases, a customer or a member of the Customer Liaison Team will assist.
Wheelchair users should get on and off the bus facing forwards.
The rear of the wheelchair must be placed against the back rest and the arm (where fitted) must be placed in position. Wheelchairs must not cause any obstruction to the gangway.
The brake must be applied when parked in the bay.
Wheelchair users must remain in their wheelchair throughout the journey and if they transfer to a seat, the wheelchair must be suitably stored.
Pushchairs
Following a 2017 Supreme Court ruling, we have adopted a policy where priority to the bay should be given to a wheelchair user.
Unfolded pushchairs, which are occupied by a child, can be carried on our buses, when the bay is not required by a wheelchair user, up to the maximum number shown on the bus.
Where a customer with a pushchair is trying to board a bus and the bay is full, the driver will give the parent or guardian the opportunity to collapse the pushchair and store it in the luggage rack.
Where a customer with a pushchair is already on the bus and a wheelchair user wishes to board, the customer with the pushchair should be prepared to collapse their pushchair, if requested by the driver, to allow a wheelchair user on board.
Double and triple buggies are determined based on their overall width, for example: a “double buggy” where two children are side by side is classed as 2 pushchairs. A “double” buggy where one child is above the other child is classed as 1 pushchair.
If a customer is unable to collapse a pushchair or relocate to another part of the bus, the driver can issue you with a complimentary ticket to allow you to board the next bus.
When a pushchair is occupying the space, the child must be left in the pushchair and the pushchair suitably loaded (but not overloaded) with bags.
Pushchairs must not be left unattended. The parent/guardian must either sit or stand with the pushchair.
The pushchair’s brakes must be applied, at all times when it is parked within the bay.
Parents/guardians have a responsibility to ensure that the gangway is not obstructed by any part of the pushchair.
Behaviour On the Bus - Your Responsibilities as A Passenger
In order to ensure that your bus journey and that of other passengers is safe and comfortable, we ask you to note the following.
All passengers are carried on our services subject to the Public Service Vehicles (Conduct of Drivers, Conductors and Passengers) Regulations.
When on the bus, you must not:
Smoke or vape
Eat fast or smelly food
Bring on hot drinks without a secure lid
Drink alcohol
Damage or deface any part of the bus
Use any loud music system or instrument
Spit
Offend the driver or fellow passengers
Put at risk or cause discomfort to other passengers, the driver or any member of NCT staff
Act in a violent or abusive manner
Obstruct the gangway
Throw items from the bus
Lean out of the windows
Leave litter on the bus
Speak to or distract the driver when the bus is in motion except in emergency situations
Intentionally interfere with any equipment fitted to the bus
Alter or deface your ticket
Engage in any criminal activity
In the interests of health and safety, you must always follow instructions either given by signage on the bus or by any member of our staff, agents and or subcontractors.
Emergency doors and windows must only be used in the event of an emergency or when directed by the driver or an inspector.
Passengers or members of the public must not, without written permission from the Company, distribute or leave any materials or sell any articles on the bus.
Any passenger who is reasonably suspected by the driver or inspector of contravening the Public Services Conduct of Drivers, Inspectors, Conductors and Passengers Regulations shall give their name and address to the driver or inspector on demand. They may also be asked to leave or be removed from the vehicle by the driver or any member of our staff, agents and/or subcontractors.
Our staff have the right to work without fear of intimidation, verbal abuse or physical assault. We will support prosecutions against any passengers who abuse or assault our employees or damage our vehicles or property and reserve the right to ban them from using Nottingham City Transport services (see below).
Seated and Standing Passengers
The maximum capacity of each bus is displayed on the lower deck, near the entrance doors, and must not be exceeded.
Standing is available on all of our buses and the number of standees displayed is on the basis that every seat is occupied. Where passengers choose to stand when there are still seats available, the number of people standing can exceed the displayed number, provided the total number of people on the bus does not exceed the overall maximum capacity referred to in point 94. We would encourage passengers to always take a seat, when available, as standing may deprive others of the chance to board, as gangways may be obstructed.
Standing is not permitted on the stairs, in the door well or on the upper deck of double deck buses. When standing, please make use of the handrails, seat backs and supports fitted.
With the exception of seats labelled as "Priority Seats", all seats on the bus are available on a first come, first served basis only. Customers who travel in priority marked seats should be prepared to move to other seats on the bus, if the priority seat is required by someone less mobile. Remember, not all disabilities and conditions are visible.
Getting Off the Bus
When you wish to get off the bus, please ring the bell once to let the driver know you want to alight.
For your comfort and safety, please give the driver sufficient time to be able to slow down properly for your stop.
Do not stand too close to the doors or on the red floor when waiting to alight.
You should alight through the front doors only.
You must not alight when the vehicle is still in motion.
CCTV and Data Protection
Customers are carried in accordance with our Customer Privacy Policy,
available here.
CCTV is in use on our buses.  CCTV can record images and sound for your safety, crime prevention, for insurance purposes and to ensure that our company policies and procedures are complied with.  CCTV data may be passed to the police to aid investigation of crime and or be used as evidence in criminal or civil proceedings.  CCTV footage is processed by us in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation.
We will take all reasonable precautions to keep your personal details secure, but unless we are negligent, we will not be liable for unauthorised access to information supplied by you to us.
Animals
Small pets are carried at the sole discretion of the bus driver. Dogs are charged at £1 per day, except assistance and guide dogs which are carried free and must be kept on a lead. Dogs that are legally required to be muzzled, must be muzzled.
No animal may be placed on a seat, and customers who do so will be asked to leave the bus.
You must comply with applicable legislation in relation to any pets travelling with you. The responsibility for keeping an animal under control rests entirely with the owner and any passenger must immediately comply with any request from an NCT employee, agents or subcontractors to leave the vehicle if the animal they are responsible for is causing upset or distress to other passengers.
Luggage and Lost Property
The driver has the right to refuse any item of property being brought on to the bus which they consider is unsuitable for carriage. This includes any item that they believe will cause offence or injury to other passengers or staff; cause damage to the bus or being of an excessive size. The following specific items cannot be carried:
Explosive, hazardous or combustible materials
Uncovered hot drinks or other similar liquids
Paint that is not being carried in a bag
Sheets of glass and mirrors
Televisions or electrical equipment that is not contained in its box
Non-folding bicycles (although small children’s bikes / scooters that can fit in the luggage rack can be carried)
E-scooters
Luggage must be safely stored away to not cause an obstruction to the main gangway or any emergency exit.
The responsibility for any item of property on the bus rests with the owner.
In the event of losing an item of property on one our buses, please contact us on
0115 950 60 70
, where we will be happy to check if an item has been handed in.
Any passenger who finds an item of lost property on the bus has an obligation to hand it to the bus driver. Removing items from the bus can be reported to the Police as ‘theft by finding’.
Our drivers will, where practicable, check the bus for lost property at each terminal stop.
All items of lost property handed-in are saved for 21 days and then disposed of, except perishable items which are disposed of immediately. Any disposal of ‘lost property’ in accordance with this clause shall be without any liability whatsoever to you.
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to open, examine and or destroy any items of lost property.
When collecting any item of lost property, contact details must be provided. Proof of identity will be required.
Compensation
Any claim for compensation for any additional travel costs incurred by you as a result of our service is considered on a case by case basis and the final decision will be made at our sole discretion. Where additional costs have been incurred, receipts and supporting evidence should be provided to us.
Travel Bans and Restrictions to Travel
We reserve the right to ban passengers, without notice, from Nottingham City Transport services, who abuse, intimidate or assault our employees, other customers or damage our vehicles or property.
This can take the form of a travel ban from all NCT services or a restriction on not being able to board the services of a particular driver or drivers.
A travel ban from all NCT services will be implemented based on incidents raised by employees or customers, which are supported and confirmed by CCTV and audio footage; a charge being made or a conviction.
The length of the travel ban will be dependent upon the severity of the incident. This will be for a minimum period of 3 months for verbal abuse and 6 months for a physical assault.
A restriction on travelling on the services of a specific driver or drivers is normally indefinite.
Travel bans will be reviewed upon receipt of a request from the banned passenger. The Company will consider removing a ban and in cases where it is considers a ban could be removed, it will only do so if the banned passenger signs an agreement to behave appropriately and within the requirements of our Terms and Conditions of Carriage.
In the event that a passenger breaches this agreement, a permanent travel ban will be implemented, with no further review available.
The Legal Bits
We are liable to you for:
Any death or personal injury due to our failure to use reasonable skill and care;
Any act of fraud by us;
Any reasonable losses you incur as a direct result of us breaching these Conditions of Carriage.
We will not be liable to you for any failure to perform, or a delay in the performance of, any of our obligations under these Conditions of Carriage that is caused by events outside our reasonable control.
We are liable to you without limit for our fraud or death or personal injury caused by our negligence. Our liability for all other liability relating to these Conditions of Carriage is limited to £200 in aggregate.
The terms of these Conditions of Carriage do not affect your statutory rights.
NCT is not the conveyor of commercial goods.
These Conditions of Carriage, which may be amended from time to time by us without notice, commenced on 1 May 2008 and were last updated on 21 August 2024. They replace all previous versions published by us.
These Conditions of Carriage are made for the benefit of the parties to them and are not intended to benefit, or be enforceable by, anyone else.
No waiver by us of any breach of these Conditions of Carriage shall be considered a waiver of any subsequent breach of the same or any other provision.
These Conditions of Carriage will be subject to English law, and the English courts will have jurisdiction in respect of any dispute arising from them.
Any changes to English law, that may occur from time to time, may take precedence over these Terms and Conditions of Carriage and will be incorporated into these Terms and Conditions within a reasonable period of time.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.nctx.co.uk/privacy-policy:
Skip to content
This site uses cookies
This website uses cookies to make the site simpler.
Find out more about cookies
Accept
Manage settings
Manage cookie settings
Please select your cookie preference
Allow cookies
Disable non-essential cookies
Customer Privacy Policy
This Customer Privacy Policy is effective from 22nd May 2024 and replaces the previous version, dated 17th October 2021.
Introduction
This Privacy Policy applies to all products, services, websites, apps and the Alexa Skill offered by Nottingham City Transport Limited, registered at Lower Parliament Street, Nottingham, NG1 1GG (
“we”
,
“us”
or
“our”
).
These products, services, websites, apps and the Alexa Skill are referred to collectively as “
services
” in this policy.
In addition to our Privacy Policy, customers should familiarise themselves with the following:
NCT Terms and Conditions of Carriage
;
Easyrider Terms and Conditions of Issue
;
NCTX Buses App Terms and Conditions
;
Wi-Fi Terms and Conditions
;
Alexa Skill Terms of Use
.
This Privacy Policy explains how and why we use your personal data in connection with your use of our services. We are committed to respecting your privacy and protecting your personal data and this policy will explain the types of personal data we collect and your rights regarding this data.
The Information We Collect
We collect personal data in order to be able to provide you with our services.
To access some of our services, e.g. Mobile Ticketing in the NCTX Buses App, topping up an Easyrider card or viewing “Favourites”, you must register for an account and we will collect
user data
you provide to us when you create or update your account, such as:
your name;
contact details including your email address and phone number;
your username and password; and
your date of birth.
We collect
activity data
about you whenever you interact with our services and will include data that is created during the use of our services and your use of the NCTX Buses App, such as:
transaction information relating to the use of our services, including the types of services provided, journey date and times, amounts charged, distance travelled and payment method;
transaction information relating to the use of our services, including the types of services provided, ride date and times, amounts charged, distance travelled and payment method;
device data, through the use of unique device identifiers - in particular to create a unique ID (for audit purposes and to allow us to associate a device/devices with a particular user) and to identify the operating system of the device through which you use the app (to ensure the effective operation of the app on your device). If you are using a mobile device, we also collect the UUID for that device;
information about the pages you visit on our websites, search queries etc, including originating IP addresses, internet service providers, files viewed, operating system versions, device type and time stamps, choice of language, pages you enter and exit on the website;
payment information – where you make a payment to Nottingham City Transport, we require you to provide your name, address and email address. Financial details, which can include your card number, issue and expiry date, CVC number, account name and number and sort code are not stored by us and are processed by Stripe. You can find their privacy policy here
https://stripe.com/gb/privacy
; and
communication data - we record all calls made to our Travel Centre (
0115 950 60 70
) and use a suppression facility when bank card details are passed.
Some services make use of location data sent from a customer’s device. You can turn this functionality off at any time by turning off the Location Settings on your device.
We use third party tracking services that employ cookies to collect data about visitors to our websites and apps. This data includes usage and user statistics. Please refer to our
Cookies Policy
.
How We Use the Information We Collect
We only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:
Where we need to perform a contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you;
Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests; or
Where we need to comply with a legal obligation or
Where you have given your consent for us to do so
We have set out below a description of the ways in which we plan to use your personal data, and the lawful justification we rely upon when we do so. We may process your personal data for more than one lawful ground depending on the specific circumstances; where this is the case, you can contact us for further information on which legal ground we are relying on when processing your personal information.
Purposes for which we use your data and our lawful basis including basis of our legitimate interest:
To register you as a passenger and user of our app, which is necessary in order to perform a contract we have in place with you;
To process and take payments from you for services provided, which is necessary (1) in order to perform a contract we have in place with you and (2) for our legitimate interests (to recover payments which are due to us);
To send communications to you through this app in relation to journeys and the services provided to passengers and users, which is necessary for our legitimate interests (to provide effective services to passengers and end users);
To identify unsafe or fraudulent behaviour, which is necessary (1) in order comply with legal obligations to which we are subject; and (2) for our legitimate interests (to provide safe and reliable services to our passengers and end users and to ensure the safety of our staff);
To manage our relationship with you, which may include notifying you of changes to our privacy policy or terms of use/service, and asking you to take part in surveys, which is necessary in order to perform a contract we have in place with you;
To provide, maintain and improve our services, including developing new features, which is necessary for our legitimate interests (to better understand our customers and services, to keep our app and services updated and relevant, to develop our business and to inform our marketing strategy);
To perform internal operations and for internal record keeping purposes, including preventing fraud or abuse of our services, troubleshooting software bugs and operational problems, conducting data analysis, testing and research, and monitoring and analysing usage and activity trends, which is necessary (1) to comply with a legal obligation to which we are subject; and (2) for our legitimate interests (to define types of customers for our products and services, to keep our app updated and relevant, to develop our business and to inform our marketing strategy);
To make suggestions and recommendations to you about goods or services that may be of interest to you, which (1) is necessary for our legitimate interests (to develop our products/services and grow our business) where lawful; or (2) may only be required where we have your consent to do so (and where your consent is required); and
To comply with requests for information raised with us by law enforcement authorities and regulatory bodies, which is necessary to comply with legal and regulatory obligations to which we are subject.
Change of Purpose
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If you wish to get an explanation as to how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please contact us.
If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
Please note that we may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the data protection law, where this is required or permitted by law.
Information We Share
We share your data with certain third parties set out below for the purposes set out in the “
How we use the information we collect
” section above:
Third party aggregators who provide the technology platforms through which we offer our services to you (e.g. Stripe);
Service providers (acting as processors) who provide IT and system administration services in connection with your use of our website and/or the NCTX Buses app, including the Passenger Technology Group; and
Third parties to whom we may choose to sell, transfer or merge parts of our business or our assets. Alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them. If a change happens to our business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this privacy policy.
We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
Trusted partners currently used are: Ambidect, Campaign Monitor, Facebook, Google, Global Iris, Icomera, Synectics, Page One Media, Passenger Technology Group, Stripe, Twitter, We are Base, Amazon.com Inc and its affiliates. You can view their Privacy Policies below:
Facebook
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy
X / Twitter
https://twitter.com/en/privacy
Campaign Monitor
https://www.campaignmonitor.com/policies/#privacy-policy
Icomera
http://www.icomera.com/policies/
Stripe
https://stripe.com/gb/privacy
Passenger Technology Group
https://www.discoverpassenger.com/privacy-policy/
Ambidect
https://help.learnwithmobile.com/#/App/LearningContents/Privacy-Policy
Global IRIS
https://www.globalpaymentsinc.com/en-gb/privacy-statement
Page One Media
https://pageonemedia.co.uk/website-privacy-notice/
Google
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Amazon Alexa
https://www.amazon.co.uk/gp/help/customer/display.html/?nodeId=GA7E98TJFEJLYSFR
Synectics
https://synecticsglobal.com/privacy-policy
We do not control these third party websites and are not responsible for their privacy policies. When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy notice of every website you visit.
We are a participant in the Robin Hood Travel Scheme and Nottingham Contactless and information relating to travel use is provided to the administrators of these Schemes, Nottingham City Council, in order for customers to be charged the appropriate price and for us to be paid for the appropriate customers carried.
We provide a Staff Travel Scheme with employers, that enables employees to pay for their travel through their salary. Your employer will share with us with your details in order for you to join and leave the scheme.
NCTX Buses App
Nottingham City Transport engages Passenger Technology Group to act as processor for personal data gathered from our apps. Nottingham City Transport is the point of contact for data subjects, as outlined under “Your Rights and Contact Us".
Security
We take our responsibility to protect and secure your information seriously.
All personal data we hold is securely stored within data centres inside the United Kingdom.
In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. Measures we take include placing confidentiality requirements on our staff members and service providers and destroying or permanently anonymising personal information if it is no longer needed for the purposes for which it was collected.
As the security of information depends in part on the security of the computer you use to communicate with us and the security you use to protect any usernames and passwords necessary to make use of our app, please take appropriate measures to protect this information.
We regularly review operating systems and browsers and implement new security measures as they are released. To ensure we can protect your data, we routinely stop supporting older browsers and operating systems and you should ensure you are using a supported version, details of which are accessible
here
(supported web browsers) and
here
(supported mobile devices).
Transfers of Your Personal Data to Locations Outside the United Kingdom
Your data will not be transferred outside of the United Kingdom.
Storing Your Personal Information
We retain data for as long as is reasonably necessary for the purpose for which it was collected, as explained in this notice.
Personal data is removed where possible or anonymised if the record entity is required (for example, for accounting purposes or trends analysis).
Data is securely erased and/or deleted, using approved software or collection services. This follows industry best practices, for example the use of paper shredding and computer file shredding software.
In specific circumstances, we may store your personal information for longer periods of time so that we have an accurate record of your dealings with us in the event of any complaints or challenges, or if we reasonably believe there is a proposed of litigation relating to your personal information.
Retention periods for key data we collect and process are outlined below:
Type of Data
Retention Period
Relating to an account on our digital services
Until you notify us you wish to close the account of use the “Forget me” function to delete it
Easyrider Travel Card
2 years unless you notify us you no longer require the card
Customer Query or Complaint Details Submitted
2 years
On Bus CCTV
28 days before it is recorded over
Downloaded CCTV
Personal injuries (adults) – 4 years
Personal injuries (under 16) – until their 21st birthday plus 3 months
Internal investigations and customer complaints – 3 months
Paper receipts for purchases in the Travel Centre
18 months
Online transaction information
5 years from the end of the tax year to which the records relate
Telephone call recordings
12 months
Information submitted through the website or apps feedback channels
2 years
Records relevant for tax purposes
8 years from the end of the tax year to which the records relate
On Bus Wi-Fi
12 months
Photography and Filming
We sometimes take photographs or undertake filming on and off our buses or in our Travel Centre in order to market and promote the Company.
Where photography or filming is taking place, you must express to the photographer at the time you do not want to be included.
Where photography or filming is taking place with pre-arranged models or customers, a photography agreement must be completed, which will outline the purpose of the shoot, the intended use of the images or filming and the period for which they will be used and retained.
Our preferred photography agency uses a secure, online data storage facility to transmit their photographs and films to NCT.
Direct Marketing
We are subject to rules and privacy laws when marketing to our customers. For example, a Data Subject’s prior consent will be required for electronic direct marketing (for example, by email, text or automated calls).
The limited exception for existing customers known as “soft opt in” allows us to send marketing texts or emails if we have obtained contact details in the course of a sale to you (through the NCTX Buses App or purchase of an Easyrider or Uni ID card product), we are marketing similar products or services, and we give you the opportunity to opt out of marketing when first collecting the details and in every subsequent message.
You can opt out of receiving our marketing emails by pressing the Unsubscribe link included on all of our emails, or by contacting
nctmarketing@nctx.co.uk
Your objection to direct marketing will be promptly honoured and when a customer opts out at any time, their details will be supressed as soon as practicable. Suppression will involve retaining minimal information to ensure that marketing preferences are respected in the future.
On Bus Wi-Fi
Our on-bus Wi-Fi is provided by third parties, Icomera UK Limited and Synectics.
Icomera collect and process personal data on our behalf as a data processor, in order to deliver internet connectivity to customers and other end users. To be able to provide the Wi-Fi service for you, we need to process your MAC address (device identification), train GPS position, IP address, timestamp and session ID. During the user login process, your device ID (MAC-address) is used to authenticate the device after the Terms and Conditions have been accepted.
The Terms and Conditions can be viewed here
. The MAC-address is stored with associated timestamps, accounting and duration of the session, in order to offer functions such as throttling, auto-login and session termination.
Synectics do not collect or process personal data in order to deliver internet connectivity to customers and other end users. To be able to provide the Wi-Fi service for you Synectics only need to process your MAC address (device identification). Synetics and Nottingham City Transport Limited will not be receiving personal data in combination with your MAC addresses when using the bus Wi-Fi. During the user login process, your device ID (MAC-address) is used to authenticate the device after the Terms and Conditions have been accepted.
The Terms and Conditions can be viewed here
. The MAC-address is stored with associated timestamps, accounting and duration of the session, in order to offer functions such as throttling, auto-login and session termination. Users can independently change their MAC addresses if they wish to at any time.
CCTV
Nottingham City Transport has CCTV installed on the interior and exterior of all buses and within the Travel Centre and will use the images for the following purposes:
Public and employee safety
Road traffic collision and accident investigation
The detection, prevention and investigation of crime
External complaints and internal reports of claims of irregularities
To ensure compliance with company policies and procedures
Performance management
Staff training
Please see our CCTV Policy
here
Your Rights and Contact Us
Your legal rights
Under certain circumstances and subject to certain exemptions, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data. We may ask you for additional information to confirm your identity and for security purposes, before responding to a request you raise. We reserve the right to charge a fee where permitted by law, for instance if your request is manifestly unfounded or excessive.
Children have the same rights as adults over their personal data. These include the rights to access their personal data; request rectification; object to processing and have their personal data erased. In the UK, the age of consent, i.e. when a child is required or able to give their consent for the processing of their own personal data, is 13 years old
You can exercise your rights by contacting us using the details below. Subject to legal and other permissible considerations, we will make every reasonable effort to honour your request promptly or inform you if we require further information in order to fulfil your request.  We may not always be able to fully address your request, for example if it would impact the duty of confidentiality we owe to others, or if we are legally entitled to deal with the request in a different way.
Right to access
You have a right to request that we provide you with a copy of your personal information that we hold and you have the right to be informed of the source of your personal information, the purposes, legal basis and methods of processing and the entities or categories of entities to whom your personal information may be transferred.
Right to rectify or erase personal information
You have a right to request that we rectify inaccurate personal information. We may seek to verify the accuracy of the personal information before rectifying it.
You can also request that we erase your personal information in limited circumstances where:
it is no longer needed for the purposes for which it was collected,
you have withdrawn your consent (where our processing was based on your consent),
following a successful right to object (see details of your right to object below),
it has been processed unlawfully, or
to comply with a legal obligation to which we are subject.
We will not be required to comply with your request to erase personal information if the processing of your personal information is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
Right to restrict our processing of your personal data
You can ask us to restrict your personal information, but only where:
its accuracy is contested, to allow us to verify its accuracy,
the processing is unlawful, but you do not want it erased,
it is no longer needed for the purposes for which it was collected, but we still need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims, or
you have exercised the right to object, and verification of overriding grounds is pending.
Right to transfer your personal information
You can ask us to provide your personal information to you in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format, or you can ask to have it transferred directly to another data controller, but in each case only where the processing is based on your consent or on the performance of a contract with you and the processing is carried out by automated means.
Right to object to our processing of your personal data or withdraw your consent
You can object to any processing of your personal data which has our legitimate interests as its legal basis, if you believe your fundamental rights and freedoms outweigh our legitimate interests.
If you raise an objection, we have an opportunity to demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate interests which override your rights and freedoms.
Withdraw consent at any time where we are relying on consent to process your personal data. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.
Contact Us
You can contact us in connection with any and all issues arising from this privacy notice in the following ways:
privacy@nctx.co.uk
Data Protection Officer, Nottingham City Transport, Lower Parliament Street, Nottingham, NG1 1GG.
If you have any questions, concerns or complaints regarding our compliance with this notice and the data protection laws, or if you wish to exercise your rights, we encourage you to first contact us. We will investigate and attempt to resolve complaints and disputes and will make every reasonable effort to honour your wish to exercise your rights as quickly as possible and in any event, within the timescales provided by data protection laws.
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it could take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
How to Contact Regulatory Authorities
If you feel that we have not addressed your concern in a satisfactory manner, you have the right to report your concern to an appropriate regulatory authority. If you are located in the UK then you have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO), the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues (www.ico.org.uk).
Changes to This Policy
We may change this policy from time to time and will notify customers when such changes occur through our website, social media channels and directly to customers electronically, where we have permission to do so.
My location
Use your location
or,
find your stop on the map
Favourites
Add favourites by selecting the star on a stop's departure board
My location
Use your location
Swap the start point with the destination
Select when you would like to travel
Leave now
Leave at...
Arrive by...
Date
Time
Get directions
Favourites
Add favourites by selecting the star on a journey plan
Close this popup