Search
Privacy Policy
Last modified: November 6, 2020
This Privacy Policy applies to services provided by Barcode Lookup through its website, located at www.barcodelookup.com, including subdomains, API and mobile applications (the “Services”).
By clicking “I agree” or by using the Services, you are agreeing, or if you are agreeing on behalf of an entity, the entity is agreeing, to the collection, use and disclosure of information about you as set forth in this Privacy Policy. If you later disagree with the Privacy Policy, you agree to stop using the Services and contact Barcode Lookup.
1. Personal Information
Personal information is information that identifies you, such as your name and email address, or which we may combine with other information to identify you. We collect all personal information you provide in connection with the Services, such as:
when you fill out a form, communicate with us through a chat feature, subscribe to the Services, apply to be an Affiliate or request a phone or web consultation. Personal information collected may include your first and last name, company name, website and email address, phone number, billing address and credit card information. We associate your use of the Services with your personal information, such as an IP address, User ID, purchases made, data requested and returned through the Services; and
if you are an Affiliate, we associate your personal information with your Affiliate ID and Commissions.
Please note that the Services may require you to provide personal information in certain circumstances. A failure to provide personal information may result in certain features of the Services being unavailable to you.
2. Collection of Statistical Information
We automatically collect information, including personal information, from you when you use the Services, which may be provided to us by a third party, including but not limited to:
statistical data concerning use of the Services, such as search queries, API calls and button clicks, session length, conversions and access frequency;
email open rates, click-through rates and other email marketing related data;
method of accessing the Services, such as, operating system, web browser, device type and IP address; and
logs, error reports and events and other diagnostic information.
Please note that while your device may allow you to turn off the collection of some of the above information, you may not be able to access all content and features of the Services.
3. Use of Your Information
We use your information internally for purposes including:
providing the Services to you and performing requests made of us;
to understand how you use the Services and to improve your user experience and the Services;
to authenticate you when you login to the Services;
to protect the security or integrity of the Services and our business;
to administer your payment for the Services;
to serve advertisements and other marketing and promotional purposes;
customer support and to inform you of changes to the Services, such as outages, suspensions or other material changes;
if you signed up for our newsletter or otherwise expressed interest in the Services, to contact you for promotional purposes, which you may opt-out of by following the unsubscribe instructions located in the email; and
if you provided a testimonial, we may associate it with your full name and/or company name, and use this information for marketing.
4. Information Disclosure
We may disclose your information outside of Barcode Lookup for the following purposes:
to parent companies, affiliates, subsidiaries and contractors in connection with the Services;
to law enforcement and other third parties in order to comply with applicable law or to protect our interests;
to an acquirer of Barcode Lookup or one or more of our business assets, who we may grant a right to continue to use and collect your information as set forth in the Privacy Policy.
5. Third Party Services and Advertising
We disclose your information to third parties who assist us with, for example, advertising, payment processing, customer support, technical issues, tracking use of the Services and generating reports and data models. These third parties collect your information through tracking technologies, such as cookies or web beacons. For example, we participate in Google Analytics® and Adsense® campaigns, and third parties may display ads and related content based on your use of the Services.
These third parties use and disclose your information pursuant to the terms of their own privacy policies, which we recommend you read before disclosing your information.
6. Mobile Application Privacy
If you use our mobile application to access the Services, we may request access to your device’s camera in order to scan barcodes you direct the camera toward. Your device’s scanner reads each barcode so we may return useful product information from our database. Barcode Lookup does not collect any mobile application user’s personal information. However, we may collect data using third party service providers, such as Google Analytics®, from our mobile application users, which is provided to us on an anonymous basis.
Third party advertisements may be presented to you when using our mobile application, which may collect your information, such as location and device data, in order to recognize and target advertisements to you across different devices. For example, your Internet router IP address could be used to identify both your computer and a mobile device connected to the router and third parties could target advertisements to both devices based on your online behaviour. Please review section 5 above concerning third party collection and use of your information. Additionally, some devices allow users to op-out of mobile behavioral advertising through the settings menu.
7. Cookies
A cookie is a file that is sent by a service through your browser to your device, if your browser is enabled to accept cookies, in order to store certain information on your device such as site preferences and search history.  You have the option to disable or turn off cookies in your browser settings, which may affect your experience using the Services.
8. California Do Not Track Disclosure
Do Not Track, or DNT, is a web browser setting that requests a web application to stop tracking you. When you turn on the DNT setting in your browser, your browser sends a special signal to websites, analytics companies, advertising networks, plug in providers and other web services you encounter while browsing to stop tracking your activity. We do not respond to DNT signals.
9. Accessing or Changing Information
You may contact us to obtain a copy of personal information we collected about you, which may be subject to a fee as permitted by applicable law. Additionally, you may contact us at the email address below to correct or delete personal information we collected about you, except to the extent that retention is necessary for our legitimate business purposes, required by applicable law, in the control of a third party, or where correction or deletion is not technically feasible.
10. Information Security, Storage and Retention
In order to prevent unauthorized access to your information we have put in place suitable physical and electronic safeguards to secure the information we collect. Your data is stored in the United States and Canada and is processed by third parties in countries around the world and you authorize Barcode Lookup and third parties acting on our behalf to use and process your data in any country, which may subject your data to laws which may be different than in your home jurisdiction.
We retain your personal information until you request its deletion pursuant to section 9 above or until we no longer need it for the purposes for which it was originally collected.
11. Updates
Barcode Lookup reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to modify the Privacy Policy at any time (“Updates”). Barcode Lookup shall notify you of Updates by making them available at www.barcodelookup.com. You are deemed to accept any Update by continuing to use the Services. Unless Barcode Lookup states otherwise, Updates are automatically effective 10 days after posting on www.barcodelookup.com.
12. Additional Rights for Certain European Residents
Barcode Lookup complies with the General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”).  If you reside in the European Economic Area (a “European resident”), you have the rights under the GDPR regarding your personal information.  These include the right to access personal information Barcode Lookup holds about you and to have your personal information corrected, updated, or deleted. If you are a European resident and would like to exercise these or any other rights under the GDPR, please contact us through the email address below.
We process your information to pursue our legitimate business interests. Additionally, please note that, as described above, your information will be transferred outside of Europe.
13. Additional Rights for California Residents
Barcode Lookup complies with the California Consumer Privacy Act (the “CCPA”).  If you are a resident of California, you may have additional rights under the CCPA regarding your personal information such as the right to know what information we collect, to receive information about the information we have collected about you and the categories of sources from which we have acquired the information, to request that we delete certain personal information which we have collected from you and to request that we do not sell your personal information. Although we do not sell your information directly, we do deliver targeting advertisements and, if you wish to opt-out of this, you may do so through the notice posted on our website or mobile apps.  If you are a resident of California and would like to exercise these or any other rights under the CCPA, please contact us using the email address below.
14. Contact Us
If you have questions or comments about the Privacy Policy please contact us at
legal@barcodelookup.com
.
Log in
Forgot password?
Don't have an account yet?
Sign-up today!