You may be trying to access this site from a secured browser on the server. Please enable scripts and reload this page.
Important :
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse this site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Review our
Cookie Policy
for details.
×
Close
×
Close
Warning: System update scheduled for Friday
Sign In
Star Rewards
Business Portal
Valero
Valero
marketing Texaco in the UK
It looks like your browser does not have JavaScript enabled. Please turn on JavaScript and try again.
Motorists
Motorists Information
Our Motor Fuels
Fuel Efficiency
Star Rewards Loyalty Programme
Texaco Fuel Cards
Lubricants visit texacolubricants.com
Retailers
Become a Texaco Retailer
Texaco Brand Site Image
Supporting Your Business
Marketing Support
Retailer Testimonials
Register Your Interest
Distributors
Introduction
Renewable Diesel
Find a Texaco Distributor in Your Area
Becoming a Distributor
Refinery and Terminal Locator
Commercial Fuels Listing
Business Online
Distribution Details
Station Locator
News
Contact Us
It looks like your browser does not have JavaScript enabled. Please turn on JavaScript and try again.
Hero Image
Texaco.co.uk | Privacy Policy
Page Content
Introduction
Welcome to the Valero's privacy policy.
Valero respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal data. This privacy policy will inform you as to how we look after your personal data and tell you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you.
This privacy policy is provided in a layered format so you can click through to the specific areas set out below. Please also use the
Glossary
to understand the meaning of some of the terms used in this privacy policy.
1. IMPORTANT INFORMATION AND WHO WE ARE
2. THE DATA WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
3. HOW IS YOUR PERSONAL DATA COLLECTED?
4. HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
5. DISCLOSURES OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
6. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
7. DATA SECURITY
8. DATA RETENTION
9. YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS
10. GLOSSARY
Purpose of this privacy policy
This privacy policy aims to give you information on how Valero collects and processes your personal data.
The use of our website is not intended for children and our websites we do not knowingly collect data relating to children.
It is important that you read this privacy policy together with any other privacy policy or fair processing policy we may provide on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing personal data about you so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your data. This privacy policy supplements other notices and privacy policies and is not intended to override them.
Controller
Valero is made up of different legal entities in the UK and Ireland, details of which can be found here:
www.valero.com
. This privacy policy is issued on behalf of the Valero group of companies, including our licensed brands Texaco and Star Rewards, so when we mention "Valero", "we", "us" or "our" in this privacy policy, we are referring to the relevant company in the Valero group responsible for processing your data. Valero Energy Ltd is the controller and responsible for this website.
We have appointed a Privacy Lead. If you have any questions about this privacy policy,
please contact them using the details set out below
.
Third-party links
This website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy policy of every website you visit.
Personal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified. It does not include data where the identity has been removed (anonymous data).
We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you which we have grouped together as follows:
Identity Data
includes first name, maiden name, last name, username or similar identifier, marital status, title, date of birth, gender and details of dependants, including children.
Contact Data
includes billing address, delivery address, email address and telephone numbers.
Transaction Data
includes details of products and services you have purchased from us.
Technical Data
includes internet protocol (IP) address, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform, and other technology on the devices you use to access this website.
Profile Data
includes your username and password, purchases or orders made by you, your interests, preferences, comments in forums, feedback and survey responses.
Usage Data
includes information about how you use our website, products and services.
Marketing and Communications Data
includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us and our third parties and your communication preferences.
Photographic Data
includes images from events and for site security purposes.
We occasionally collect
Special Categories of Personal Data
about you (this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health, and genetic and biometric data). If this is the case, we will make this clear and ask for your permission where required.
If you fail to provide personal data
Where we need to collect personal data by law, or under the terms of a contract we have with you, and you fail to provide that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you (for example, to provide you with goods or services). In this case, we may have to cancel a product or service you have with us but we will notify you if this is the case at the time.
We use different methods to collect data from and about you including through:
Direct interactions.
You may give us your Identity, Contact and Photographic Data by filling in forms or by corresponding with us by post, phone, email or otherwise. This includes personal data you provide when we undertake:
to respond to your enquiry;
to fulfil or process your orders, requests and applications;
to communicate with you about your order, request or account;
to respond to any enquiries or complaints submitted by you;
to provide troubleshooting and technical support and for other customer service purposes;
to better understand how users access and use our websites and services so that we can improve our websites and services, respond to user desires and preferences, and for other research or analysis purposes;
to send you marketing information that you have requested or as permitted by law;
to assist, administer and manage any complaints, claims or damages. We will do this with your consent and in conjunction with the service station;
to run and administer corporate, local community, educational or careers events, including managing the sponsorship of events;
to ensure the health and safety of staff and visitors at our sites, including the management of Covid-19;
to prevent and detect crime and for the prosecution of offenders; and
to investigate, prevent or take action regarding violations of this Policy or our Website
Terms of Use
.
Automated technologies or interactions
. As you interact with our website, we will automatically collect Technical Data about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns. We collect this personal data by using cookies, server logs and other similar technologies. Please see our
cookie policy
for further details.
Third parties or publicly available sources.
We will receive personal data about you from various third parties and public sources as set out below:
Technical Data from analytics providers such as Google and Crazy Egg based outside the UK.
Contact and Transaction Data from providers of technical, payment and delivery services.
Identity and Contact Data from publicly available sources such as Companies House and the Electoral Register based inside the UK.
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:
Where we need to perform the contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you.
Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.
Where we need to comply with a legal obligation.
Click here
to find out more about the types of lawful basis that we will rely on to process your personal data.
Generally, we do not rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your personal data although we will get your consent before sending third party direct marketing communications to you via email or text message. You have the right to withdraw consent to marketing at any time by contacting us.
Purposes for which we will use your personal data
We have set out below, in a table format, a description of all the ways we plan to use your personal data, and which of the legal basis we rely on to do so. We have also identified what our legitimate interests are where appropriate.
Note that we may process your personal data for more than one lawful ground depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your data. Please contact us if you need details about the specific legal ground we are relying on to process your personal data where more than one ground has been set out in the table below.
Purpose/Activity
Type of data
Lawful basis for processing including basis of legitimate interest
To respond to your enquiry
To fulfil or process your orders, requests and applications
To communicate with you about your order, request or account
To respond to any enquiries or complaints submitted by you
To provide troubleshooting and technical support and for other customer service purposes
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(a) Performance of a contract with you
(b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
To send you marketing information that you have requested or as permitted by law
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(e) Marketing and Communications
(a) Performance of a contract with you
(b) Necessary for our legitimate interests
To assist, administer and manage any complaints, claims or damages. We will do this with your consent and in conjunction with the service station
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(a) Consent
(b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
(c) Necessary for our legitimate interests
To run and administer corporate, local community, educational or careers events, including the managing the sponsorship of events
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Transaction data
(d) Marketing and Communications
(e) Photographic
(a) Consent
(b) Performance of a contract with you
(c) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them and grow our business)
To ensure the health and safety of staff and visitors at our sites, including the management of Covid-19
To prevent and detect crime and for the prosecution of offenders
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Photographic
(a) Consent
(b) Necessary for our legitimate interests
(c) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
(d) Vital interests
Marketing
We strive to provide you with choices regarding certain personal data uses, particularly around marketing and advertising.
You will receive marketing communications from us if you have requested information from us or purchased services from us and you have not opted out of receiving that marketing.
Opting out
You can ask us or third parties to stop sending you marketing messages at any time by contacting us.
Where you opt out of receiving these marketing messages, this will not apply to personal data provided to us as a result of a service purchase, service experience or other transactions.
Cookies
You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this website may become inaccessible or not function properly. For more information about the cookies we use, please see our
Cookie Policy
Change of purpose
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If you wish to get an explanation as to how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please contact us.
If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
Please note that we may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by law.
We may share your personal data with the parties set out below for the purposes set out in the table
Purposes for which we will use your personal data
above.
Internal Third Parties as set out in the
Glossary
.
External Third Parties as set out in the
Glossary
.
Third parties to whom we may choose to sell, transfer or merge parts of our business or our assets. Alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them. If a change happens to our business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this privacy policy.
We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
We share your personal data within the Valero group. This will involve transferring your data outside the UK or Ireland.
Some of our external third parties are also based outside the UK or Ireland so their processing of your personal data will involve a transfer of data outside the UK or Ireland.
Whenever we transfer your personal data out of the UK or Ireland, we ensure a similar degree of protection is afforded to it by ensuring at least one of the following safeguards is implemented:
We will only transfer your personal data to countries that have been deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for personal data.
Where we use certain service providers, we may use specific contracts approved by the UK or the EU which give personal data the same protection it has in the UK or EU.
Please contact us if you want further information on the specific mechanism used by us when transferring your personal data out of the UK or Ireland.
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
How long will you use my personal data for?
We will only retain your personal data for as long as reasonably necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or reporting requirements. We may retain your personal data for a longer period in the event of a complaint or if we reasonably believe there is a prospect of litigation in respect to our relationship with you.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or other requirements.
Details of retention periods for different aspects of your personal data are available in our retention policy which you can request from us by contacting us.
In some circumstances we will anonymise your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes, in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
Under certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data. Please click on the links below to find out more about these rights:
Request access to your personal data.
Request correction of your personal data.
Request erasure of your personal data.
Object to processing of your personal data.
Request restriction of processing your personal data.
Request transfer of your personal data.
Right to withdraw consent.
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact us.
No fee usually required
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we could refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
What we may need from you
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
Time limit to respond
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it could take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
Contact details
Our full details are:
Valero Energy Ltd
Stephanie Woodhead – Privacy Lead
Email address:
privacylead@valero.com
Postal address: 1 Canada Square, London, E14 5AA
Telephone number: 0207 513 3000
You have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO), the UK regulator for data protection issues (
www.ico.org.uk
) or the Data Protection Commission (DPC) in Ireland (
www.dataprotection.ie
). We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach the ICO so please contact us in the first instance.
Changes to the privacy policy and your duty to inform us of changes
We keep our privacy policy under regular review. This version was last updated on 11
th
July 2022. Historic versions can be obtained by contacting us.
It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us.
LAWFUL BASIS
Legitimate Interest means the interest of our business in conducting and managing our business to enable us to give you the best service/product and the best and most secure experience. We make sure we consider and balance any potential impact on you (both positive and negative) and your rights before we process your personal data for our legitimate interests. We do not use your personal data for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law). You can obtain further information about how we assess our legitimate interests against any potential impact on you in respect of specific activities by contacting us.
Performance of Contract means processing your data where it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party or to take steps at your request before entering into such a contract.
Comply with a legal obligation means processing your personal data where it is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation that we are subject to.
Consent means you have given clear consent for us to process your personal data for a specific purpose.
Vital interests mean the processing is necessary to protect someone's life.
THIRD PARTIES
Internal Third Parties
Other companies in the Valero Group acting as joint controllers or processors.
External Third Parties
Service providers acting as processors who provide IT and system administration services.
Professional advisers acting as joint controllers including lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers who provide consultancy, banking, legal, insurance and accounting services.
HM Revenue & Customs, regulators and other authorities joint controllers based who require reporting of processing activities in certain circumstances.
YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS
You have the right to:
Request access
to your personal data (commonly known as a "data subject access request"). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
Request correction
of the personal data that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us.
Request erasure
of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have successfully exercised your right to object to processing (see below), where we may have processed your information unlawfully or where we are required to erase your personal data to comply with local law. Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request.
Object to processing
of your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your rights and freedoms.
Request restriction of processing
of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data in the following scenarios:
If you want us to establish the data's accuracy.
Where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it.
Where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims.
You have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it.
Request the transfer
of your personal data to you or to a third party. We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you.
Withdraw consent at any time
where we are relying on consent to process your personal data. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.
​