Privacy Policy
(Updated June. 29th, 2020)
YanFlex Inc. built the CPlus Classifieds Marketplace app as a Free app. This APP is provided by YanFlex Inc. at no cost and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform app visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and
                    disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our App.
If you choose to use our App, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation
                    to this policy.
Information Collection and Use
When using the APP, it only collects anonymous usage information to operate, improve and personalize
                  the products. The APP does not match collected usage data with any 3rd party PII information.
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our App, in a case of an
                    error in the app we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone
                    called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address,
                    device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our App,
                    the time and date of your use of the App, and other statistics. If you use our app to read or post information on our app, we don't collect any information about your identity. If you identify
                    yourself by sending us an e-mail containing personal information, then the information collected will be solely used to respond
                    to your message.
Location Data
In addition to other information described in this policy, we may collect and share anonymous precise location information, relative geolocation, gps location, Advertising IDs, and device information such as device type, OS version, carrier, and IP Address through methods such as mobile “SDKs”. This data collected may be used by itself, aggregated, or combined with mobile identifiers (such as IDFAs and Android IDs), and shared with third parties,  to power tailored advertisements, aggregated research about the impacts of the pandemic, location-based analytics, attribution, and other civic, market and scientific research about traffic and crowds. You can remove your consent to having your location data collected by changing the settings on your device.(Certain services may lose functionality as a result.) 
You can opt-out from any interest-based advertising through your device settings. When you have opted out using this setting on a device, advertisers will not use in-app information collected from that device to infer your interests or serve ads to that device that are targeted based on your inferred interests.
How to turn location off for CPlus Classifieds Marketplace?
Android
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)
The California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) is a bill that is meant to protect the Residents of the State of California. Consumers who are legal residents of California who have opted in their data to be collected, at any time can request for their Personal Identifiable Information to be deleted. Data that is readily available to the public is not included in the California Consumer Protection Act. Data that is deemed Non-Personal Identifiable Information is not included in the California Consumer Privacy Act, which allows third parties for business related solutions.

In order for the data collection to occur, you as the consumer, are of 16 years of age and older and subsequently decided to opt-in to collection and sale of personal data. The purpose of collecting the data allows Motrixi, and our trusted third parties (Data Management platforms, agencies, and advertisers), to use and transfer the data for the following: aggregate the data to create customization and targeting for targeted advertising, modeling, measurement, analytics, research and development. The custom profiles created from the data may include the following: First and Last name, Email address, Advertising ID, Pixel or cookie IDs, Internet Protocol Address (“IP Address”), commercial information, mobile activity, and application installs.

Notwithstanding any other provision, we partner with third parties that collect information across various channels, including offline and online, for purposes of delivering more relevant advertising to you or your business. Our partners use this information to recognize you across different channels and platforms, including but not limited to, computers, mobile devices, and Smart TVs, over time for advertising, analytics, attribution, and reporting purposes. For example, our partners may send a personalized marketing email to you based on the fact that you visited a particular website. Your data may be transferred outside of the country from which it was originally collected. California residents who do not wish to have their data used for location related business purpose; you can follow the instructions in Location Data section to opt-out.
3rd party location SDK privacy policies
Cuebiq (Android Only)
and its
partners
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our App;
To provide the App on our behalf;
To perform App-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our App is used.
We want to inform users of this App that these third parties have access to your	
                    Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they	
                    are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving
                    to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over
                    the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee
                    its absolute security.
Links to Other Apps or Websites
This App may contain links to other Apps or Websites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed
                    to that app or website. Note that these external apps or sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly
                    advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these apps or websites. We have no control over
                    and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party apps or websites
                    or services.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review
                    this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting
                    the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on
                    this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to
contact us
This app has no affiliation with all the marketplaces it aggregates. Please visit their privacy policies listed below to better understand their data collection practices and controls that they make available
                    to you.
OfferUp
Zillow
indeed
Thumbtack
Petfinder
cars.com