Enter the Facility Information below
Meters
Yards
Add
Cancel
This is where I usually swim. Associate my workouts automatically with this facility.
Accept
No Thanks
Stop Asking
Looks like your workout was swum in a course not found at this facility. If this course is missing from Swim.com, please add it.
Add
Cancel
Terms of Use
This website, located at
www.swim.com
(the "Site"), is provided by Spiraledge, Inc. dba Swim.com (Swim.com, "we," "our," or "us") to the person accessing this Site ("you," "your").
1. You Agree to These Terms by Using This Site
Your access to, and use of, this Site is subject to the following Terms of Use and all applicable laws and regulations. By accessing and using the Site, you accept, without limitation or qualification, these Terms of Use. Swim.com may, at any time and without notice, modify these Terms of Use by revising them on the Site. Your continued use of the Site constitutes your acceptance of any such revisions. You should therefore periodically visit this page to review the current Terms of Use. You cannot modify these Terms of Use. These Terms of Use only can be modified in a writing signed by Swim.com. If you do not agree and accept, without limitation or qualification, these Terms of Use, you must stop your use and exit the site immediately.
2. Permitted Use of the Site; Termination
The information and materials on this Site are provided for general informational purposes. You may use this site solely for the purpose of learning about and/or purchasing Swim.com products. You may not use, reproduce, or distribute the text, graphics, downloads, tools, or any other content on this Site for any other purpose. This site is not directed at children and you may not use this site if you are under the age of thirteen.
You agree that Swim.com may, without cause or prior notice, and without liability to you or any third party, immediately terminate your Swim.com account and/or email address, access to your account, access/participation in any special marketing groups, access to our blog, access to or participation in any promotions or contests, or access to any of our social networking pages, in accordance with the these Terms of Use. Any suspected fraudulent, abusive, or illegal activity that may be grounds for termination of your account may be referred to appropriate law enforcement authorities. These remedies are in addition to any other remedies Swim.com may have at law or in equity.
Cause for such termination shall include, but not be limited to, (a) breaches or violations of the Terms of Use or other incorporated agreements or guidelines, (b) requests by law enforcement or other government agencies, (c) a request by you, (d) discontinuance or material modification to the Site (or any part thereof), (e) technical or security issues or problems, (f) inactivity, (g) engagement by you in fraudulent or illegal activities, (h) nonpayment of any fees owed by you in connection with the Site, and/or (i) no cause at all.
Termination of your Swim.com account includes (a) removal of access to all offerings and features on the Site, (b) deletion of your password and all related information, files, and content associated with your account, and (c) barring of further use of your account. Further, you agree that all terminations for cause shall be made in Swim.com's sole discretion and that Swim.com shall not be liable to you or any third party for any termination of your account, any associated email address, or access to your account.
You may terminate your account, this Agreement, and your right to use your account at any time and for any reason or no reason, by contacting us at
support@swim.com
.
3. User-Submitted Content
The Site may, from time to time, offer interactive features that allow users to submit content to the Site. Swim.com does not and cannot review all such content, and is not responsible for such content.
You acknowledge that by providing the ability to view and distribute user-generated content on the Site, Swim.com is merely acting as a passive conduit for such distribution and is not undertaking any obligation or liability related thereto. By submitting any user-generated content, you represent and warrant that: (a) you are the sole creator and/or author of any such content including any intellectual property rights therein, or before posting, you obtained from the copyright owner the right to use and authorize Swim.com to use; (b) you hereby waive any moral rights you may have in such user-generated content; (c) and all such content is true and accurate; and (d) you are the person appearing in any photograph or content uploaded. In any event, Swim.com reserves the right to block or remove communications or materials that it determines to be unacceptable to Swim.com in its sole discretion.
By submitting any user-generated content, you hereby grant Swim.com (1) a perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, transferable right and license to use, copy, modify, delete in its entirety, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, and/or sell and/or distribute such content and/or incorporate such content into any form, medium, or technology throughout the world without compensation to you; and (2) the rights to publicity to use your name and/or likeness. If you are between the ages of 13 and 17 (i.e., not yet 18), you represent and warrant that you have your parents' permission to make such grants. All content that you submit may be used at Swim.com's sole discretion without any obligation of confidentiality.
Harassment in any manner or form on the Site, including via email, chat, or by use of obscene or abusive language, is strictly forbidden. Impersonation of others, including a Swim.com employee, host, or representative, as well as other members or visitors on the Site is prohibited. You may not upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through the Site any content which is false, misleading, inaccurate, libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable in a manner in which may constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights (including intellectual property rights or rights of publicity or privacy) of any party, or which may otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law.
4. Interaction with other Users
You alone are responsible for your involvement with other users. If you have a dispute with one or more users, you irrevocably and forever release Swim.com (and Swim.com's officers, directors, agents, subsidiaries, joint ventures, and employees) from claims, demands, and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown, arising out of or in any way connected with such disputes.
5. Notice; Electronic Communications
When you visit this Site, send emails to Swim.com, or when we post notices on our site or services or communicate with you via email, you are communicating with us electronically. This section informs you of your rights when receiving electronic communications from us. By accessing and using the Site, you consent to receive communications from us electronically. You agree that all notices, disclosures, agreements, and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing. Your consent to receive communications and do business electronically, and our agreement to do so, applies to all of your interactions and transactions with Swim.com.
We may also use your email address to send you other messages, such as changes to features of our service, newsletters, and additional email messages about our products, services, contests, and promotions that we feel may be of interest to you. If you no longer wish to receive these types of promotional communications from us, you may select the unsubscribe link which is present in each email. You may also customize your communication preferences by accessing the email preference center in your Swim.com account page and adjusting your settings accordingly. Opting out may prevent you from receiving email messages regarding special offers, improvements, or other updates.
Please keep us informed of any changes in your email address so you may continue to receive our communications without interruption.
6. Privacy
Swim.com's Privacy Policy is incorporated and made part of these Terms of Use. You hereby agree to such Privacy Policy. Any personal data (for example, your name, address, telephone number or email address) you transmit to the Site by electronic mail or otherwise will be used by Swim.com in accordance with the Privacy Policy. Any other communication or material you transmit to the Site, such as questions, comments, suggestions, or the like, will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary. We encourage you to read our Privacy Policy for more details.
7. Practices; Typographical Errors; Colors
You acknowledge that Swim.com may establish general practices and limits concerning use of any content, including without limitation the maximum number of days that email messages, message board postings, or other uploaded content will be retained, the maximum number of email messages that may be sent from or received by an account, the maximum size of any email message that may be sent from or received by an account, the maximum disk space that will be allotted on Swim.com's servers on your behalf, and the maximum number of times (and the maximum duration for which) you may access your account in a given period of time. You agree that Swim.com has no responsibility or liability for the deletion or failure to store any messages and other communications or other content maintained or transmitted. You acknowledge that Swim.com reserves the right to log off, delete, or disable accounts that are inactive for an extended period of time. You further acknowledge that Swim.com reserves the right to modify these general practices and limits from time to time.
In the event products are available for purchase: (a) and a product is mistakenly listed at an incorrect price or with incorrect specifications, Swim.com reserves the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed incorrectly, whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit card has been charged for the purchase and your order is cancelled, Swim.com shall issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price charged. In no event shall Swim.com be obligated to provide you the merchandise at the incorrect price.  (b) The colors shown on the Site may be influenced by the settings of your computer or your monitor. Accordingly, Swim.com makes no guarantees that any actual colors of products or features will be true or accurate.
8. Disclaimer - Warranty
THIS SITE, ITS CONTENT, AND THE MATERIALS AND PRODUCTS ON THIS SITE ARE PROVIDED "AS IS." TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE PURSUANT TO APPLICABLE LAW, SWIMOUTLET.COM HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
Swim.com does not represent or warrant that the functions contained in the Site will be uninterrupted or error-free, that the defects will be corrected, or that this Site or the server that makes the Site available are free of viruses or other harmful components. Swim.com does not make any warranties or representations regarding the use of the materials in this Site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, adequacy, usefulness, timeliness, reliability, or otherwise. Some states do not permit limitations or exclusions on warranties, so the above limitations may not apply to you.
9. Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Swim.com, its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors, and suppliers from and against all losses, expenses, damages, and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from any violation of these Terms of Use or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing the Site using your Internet account. You are responsible for protecting and not disclosing your user name and password to others.
10. Limitations of Liability
YOUR USE OF THE SITE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. NEITHER SWIMOUTLET.COM, NOR ANY OF ITS SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, OR DIRECTORS, NOR ANY OF ITS AGENTS OR ANY OTHER PARTY INVOLVED IN CREATING, PRODUCING, OR DELIVERING THE SITE OR ITS CONTENT, ARE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR OTHER DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH THE USE OF THIS SITE WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF ANY SUCH DAMAGES. Some states do not permit limitations or exclusions on warranties, so the above limitations may not apply to you.
11. Third-Party Links
In an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors, Swim.com may link to sites operated by third parties. However, even if the third party is affiliated with Swim.com, Swim.com has no control over these linked sites, all of which may have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of Swim.com. These linked sites are only for your convenience and therefore you access them at your own risk. Without limiting the foregoing, Swim.com specifically disclaims any responsibility if such sites: infringe any third party's intellectual property rights; are inaccurate, incomplete or misleading; are not merchantable or fit for a particular purpose; do not provide adequate security; contain viruses or other items of a destructive nature; or are libelous or defamatory.
Swim.com does not endorse the content, or any products or services available, on such sites. Nonetheless, Swim.com seeks to protect the integrity of its website and the links placed upon it and therefore requests any feedback on not only its own Site, but for sites it links to as well (including if a specific link does not work). Any feedback you provide shall be non-confidential and non-proprietary.
12. Intellectual Property
Unless otherwise noted, the design of the Site, the Site as a whole, and materials that are part of the Site (collectively, 'Contents') are copyrights, trademarks, trade dress, or other intellectual property owned, controlled, or licensed by Swim.com or its affiliates.
All software used on this Site is the property of Swim.com or its software suppliers and protected by copyright laws and may not be used for any purpose by you. You agree not to change or delete any proprietary notices from materials printed or downloaded from the Site.
13. Copyright Complaints
If you believe that your copyright or other rights have been infringed, please provide the following information to our Designated Agent who can be reached by email at
support@swim.com
:
(i) an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright or other interest;
(ii) a description of the copyrighted work or other work that you claim has been infringed;
(iii) a description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the Swim.com's website;
(iv) your address, telephone number, and email address;
(v) a written statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;
(vi) a statement by you that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are the copyright owner or are authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.
14. Export Control
Software and other materials from this Site may be subject to United States Export Control. The United States Export Control laws prohibit the export of certain technical data and software to certain territories. No software from this Site may be downloaded or exported: into (or to a national or resident of) Cuba, Iraq, Libya, North Korea, Iran, Sudan, Syria, or any other country to which the United States has embargoed goods; or anyone on the United States Treasury Department's list of Specially Designated Nationals or the U.S. Commerce Department's Table of Deny Orders.
Swim.com does not authorize the downloading or exportation of any software or technical data from this Site to any jurisdiction prohibited by the United States Export Control Laws.
15. Law and Jurisdiction
These Terms of Use and your use of the Site are governed by the laws of the State of California, without regard to its choice of law provisions. The courts of general jurisdiction located within Santa Clara County, California, will have exclusive jurisdiction over any and all disputes arising out of, relating to, or concerning these Terms of Use and/or the Site or in which these Terms of Use and/or the Site are a material fact.
16. Assignment
Swim.com may assign its rights and duties under these Terms of Use to any party at any time without notice to you.
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: June 16, 2014
1. INTRODUCTION
AGREEMENT AND PARTIES. Spiraledge, Inc., dba Swim.com (“Company,” “us,” or “we”) respects the privacy of the visitors to the Swim.com website (“website” or “site”). This privacy policy (“privacy policy” or “policy”) is an agreement between Swim.com and you, as the user of the Swim.com website (“you”). This agreement tells you when this policy is effective, what information we collect from you, how we might use it, how you can review or change the personal information you provided to us, how we may change this policy, and the steps we take to ensure that your personal information is protected.
2. AGREEMENT TO TERMS OF PRIVACY POLICY AND TERMS OF USE
AGREEMENT TO TERMS. All activities in which you may engage on this website are voluntary. You are not required to provide any personal information to us unless you choose to access features on this site which require the information. If you do not agree with the terms of this policy or other terms of use on this website, then you should immediately exit this website and discontinue using the site. If you do not agree with the terms of our privacy policy and our terms of use posted at Swim.com, please do not provide us with personal information, and leave this website. The terms of use of this site are expressly incorporated herein by reference and made a part of this policy. By using the Swim.com website, you signify that you agree to the terms of this privacy policy as well as to our terms of use.
3. EFFECTIVE DATE OF AND CHANGES TO PRIVACY POLICY
EFFECTIVE DATES. This privacy policy is effective as of June 16, 2014, and will remain in effect except with respect to any of its provisions that are changed in the future, in which case the changes will become effective on the date they are posted on the website or we otherwise notify you of the changes. We reserve the right to change this privacy policy at any time. Changes, modifications, additions, or deletions will be effective immediately on their posting to this site. You should check this policy periodically as its terms may change from time to time. Your continued use of the site after we post any such modifications will constitute your acknowledgment of the modified policy and your agreement to abide and be bound by the modified policy. We will also revise the “last updated” date found at the beginning of this privacy policy when we post changes to it.
4. POLICY APPLICABLE TO ONLINE ACTIVITIES ONLY
DISCLAIMERS. The privacy policy does not extend to anything that is inherent in the operation of the Internet, and therefore beyond Swim.com’s control, and is not to be applied in any manner contrary to applicable law or governmental regulation. This online privacy policy only applies to information collected through this site. This privacy policy does not apply to any information we may collect from you in any place other than this website.
5. PERSONAL INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT
TYPES OF INFORMATION COLLECTED. We may ask you for certain information referred to on this site as “personal information,” which includes information that pertains to your identity. Such information may include, but is not limited to, items such as your name, address, date of birth, age, gender, e-mail address, telephone number, or credit card or debit card number. You may be required to provide personal information to access or use certain parts of our website or features of the site. If you do not provide the requested personal information, you may not be able to access or use the features of the site where such information is requested.
6. GENERAL INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT
TYPES OF INFORMATION COLLECTED. There may be other instances in which we collect information from you that are more general in nature (“general information”). Such information may include your Internet Protocol (IP) address, which enables us to identify your computer or device on a Transmission Control Protocol/Internet Protocol (TCP/IP) network, which includes the World Wide Web. Your computer has an IP address, which is required in order for you to communicate with others via the Internet. Such general information, including the click stream data and cookies, as mentioned below, may be collected from you whenever you access the site, whether or not you provide us with any personal information.
6.1. Click Stream Data
When you visit our website we may also collect “click stream data” (server address, domain name). This information can be combined with information you have provided to us by registering, for example, which will enable us to analyze and better customize your visits. We may use click stream data for traffic analysis or e-commerce analysis of our website, to determine which features of our site are most or least effective or useful to you.
6.2. Cookies
We may also use cookies to gather information about your visits to our website and enhance your experience. More information on how we use cookies is available in the section “Use of Cookies.”
7. GENERAL INFORMATION ABOUT YOU
USE OF GENERAL INFORMATION. We will primarily use the personal information you provide and any general information we receive from you to provide products and services to you, including, but not limited to, the following:
A. To administer a content promotion survey or other site and to provide you with the relevant products or services (for example, to deliver a prize you may have won in a contest).
B. To send you information or materials via e-mail about products, offers, and news we think might interest you. This information may relate to products, offers, and news of the Swim.com or its licensees or selected commercial partners. We send you this only if you have double-opted-in to receive e-mails from Swim.com. If you no longer wish to receive any e-mails from us, or if you want to modify your personal data or want your personal data to be deleted from our database, see
Section 12
.
C. To analyze visits to the website and learn about the interests of our visitors in aggregate and also on a personal level to better understand your interests and needs, so we can improve our products and services and deliver to you the type of content, features and promotions that you are most interested in.
8. PROTECTION OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION AND GENERAL INFORMATION
8.1. Security Measures
In order to protect both the personal information and the general information that we receive from you through our website, we have implemented various security measures, including encryption.
8.2. Risk of Interception
Please keep in mind, however, that whenever you give out personal information online there is a risk that third parties may intercept and use that information. While Swim.com strives to protect your personal information and privacy, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you disclose online. By using this site, you expressly acknowledge and agree that we do not guarantee the security of any data provided to or received by us through this site and that any personal information, general information, or other data or information received from you through the site is provided to us at your own risk, which you expressly assume.
9. NO USE OF THIS SITE BY PERSONS UNDER 18 PERMITTED
9.1. Registration Declined
Swim.com intends only persons who are 18 years or older to use this website. Personal registration information submitted by a person under the age of 18 will not be accepted. Any general information provided by a person under the age of 18 and gathered (for example, through the use of cookies) during his or her visit may be used as indicated in this policy (see
Section 6
). Swim.com is committed to protecting the privacy of children and has no intention of collecting personal data from children under the age of 18. We encourage parents and guardians of children under 18 to regularly check and monitor their children’s use of e-mail and other activities online.
9.2. Notice Concerning Children
PLEASE NOTE: We are a general audience site, and do not direct any of our content specifically at children under 13 years of age. We understand and are committed to respecting the sensitive nature of children’s privacy online. If we learn or have reason to suspect that a site user is under age 13, we will promptly delete any personal information in that user’s account.
10. THIRD PARTIES
10.1. Sharing Information With Persons or Entities Who Manage This Website
Swim.com’s global and local websites and the personal information and general information collected are managed and controlled by Spiraledge, Inc., located at 2105 S. Bascom Ave, Ste 160 Campbell, CA 95008. The servers that make Swim.com’s global and local websites available are located in the same location. Please note that the information you provide will be transferred to Spiraledge, Inc., and by submitting the information you authorize this transfer.
10.2. Disclosing Information to Third Parties
WHO MAY HAVE ACCESS TO YOUR INFORMATION. Other than to the companies belonging to Spiraledge, Inc. for the purposes set out above, and except as described in this policy, we do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer your personal information or general information to third parties without informing you in advance. We provide some of our services through contractual arrangements with affiliates, services providers, partners and other third parties (collectively, “service partners”). Our service partners may use your personal information to operate our sites and to deliver their services. For example, your data may be transferred to website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in designing and operating the website, executing services (such as for prize fulfillment), or helping us analyze collected data. These parties will only use your data for the purpose of carrying out the work as agreed with us and will be required to keep the information confidential. We will encourage our service partners to adopt and post privacy policies. However, the use of your personal information by our service partners is governed by the privacy policies of those service partners and is not subject to our control.
10.3. Security
RELEASE OF INFORMATION. Swim.com will release personal or general information without your consent for security purposes, when required by law, or to prevent imminent harm to any person or entity. We will disclose personal or general information upon receipt of a court order or subpoena, or to cooperate with a law enforcement investigation, which may include responding to requests and court orders from jurisdictions outside the United States. We fully cooperate with law enforcement agencies in identifying those who use our services for illegal activities. We reserve the right to report to law enforcement agencies any activities that we in good faith believe to be unlawful, as determined in our sole discretion. Release of your personal data for security purposes, as described in this agreement to any person or entity under any circumstances shall be based on a determination made solely by us, exercising our own discretion, permission for which is expressly granted by you to us in accordance with this policy.
10.4. Links to Third Parties
PURPOSE OF LINKS. For your convenience and to improve the usage of the website we may insert links to third parties on this site. This privacy policy does not apply to such third party websites. These links take you outside our service and off the Swim.com’s site and are beyond our control. This includes links from partners that may use Swim.com’s logos as part of a co-branding agreement. The sites those links can take you to have their own separate privacy policy and although we seek to protect the integrity of our site, Swim.com is not liable for the content and activities of those sites. Your visits and access to such websites is at your own risk. Please note that those other sites may send their own cookies to users, collect data, or solicit personal information.
11. AUTOMATIC COLLECTION
COOKIES. A cookie is a small string of information that the website you visit transfers to your computer for identification purposes. Cookies can be used to follow your activity on the website and that information helps us to understand your preferences and improve your website experience. Cookies are also used for such activities as remembering your user name and password, if you use such a feature on this site. You can turn off all cookies, in case you prefer not to receive them. You can also have your computer warn you whenever cookies are being used. For both options you have to adjust your browser settings (such as Mozilla, Firefox, or Internet Explorer). There are also software products available that can manage cookies for you. Please be aware, however, that when you choose to reject cookies, this choice may limit the functionality of the website you visit and you may lose access to some of its features.
12. DELETING OR MODIFYING PERSONAL INFORMATION
CHANGING YOUR INFORMATION. You may cancel your registration at any time, and you may opt out of receiving any e-mails from Swim.com. Additionally, you can choose to have all your personal information deleted from our database. You may opt out, or delete or modify your personal information, by visiting your account settings page at
http://swim.com/settings
and following the instructions provided. We encourage you promptly to update your personal information when it changes.
13. QUESTIONS OR COMMENTS
CONTACT INFORMATION. If you have any questions or comments relating to our website or the privacy policy, send an e-mail to
support@swim.com
or write Attn: Privacy Compliance Officer, Spiraledge, Inc. dba Swim.com, 2105 S. Bascom Ave, Ste 160 Campbell, CA 95008.