Privacy Policy
Intellectual Property Policy
Terms Of Use
Disclaimer
ISNP
Security
Fraud Detection Policy
Privacy Policy
Intellectual Property Policy
Terms Of Use
Disclaimer
ISNP
Security
Fraud Detection Policy
English
हिंदी
Hindi
অসমীয়া
Assamese
বাংলা
Bengali
ब'र
Bodo
डोगरी
Dogri
ગુજરાતી
Gujarati
ಕನ್ನಡ
Kannada
کشمیری
Kashmiri
कोंकणी
Konkani
मैथिली
Maithili
മലയാളം
Malayalam
Manipuri
मराठी
Marathi
नेपाली
Nepali
ଓଡିଆ
Oriya
ਪੰਜਾਬੀ
Punjabi
संस्कृत
Sanskrit
Santali
سنڌي
Sindhi
தமிழ்
Tamil
తెలుగు
Telugu
اردو
Urdu
Policybazaar.com including online platform(s), its mobile application/web applications owned by the Company ('Website') recognizes the importance of maintaining your privacy. Policybazaar.com is committed to maintain the confidentiality, integrity and security of all information of our users. This Privacy Policy describes how Policybazaar.com collects and handles certain information it may collect and/or receive from you via the use of this Website. Please see below for details on what type of information we may collect from you, how that information is used in connection with the services offered through our Website and relevant information shared with our authorized business partners only for the purpose of policy solicitation process, pre/post-sale servicing, claim servicing and providing you any other services as permissible under applicable laws. This Privacy Policy applies to current and former visitors to our Website and our customers. By visiting and/or using our Website, you agree to this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy is published in compliance of: the Information Technology Act, 2000; and the Information Technology (Reasonable Security Practices and Procedures and Sensitive Personal Information) Rules, 2011 (the "SPDI Rules") as amended from time to time.
By using the Policybazaar.com and/or registering yourself at www.policybazaar.com, you authorize Policybazaar Insurance Brokers Private Limited (including its authorized representatives and its business partners) (Policybazaar/Company) to contact you via email or phone call or sms or WhatsApp and offer you our services for the product you have opted and/or for enrolment as Point of Sales Persons (POS) and processing your application for becoming a POS, imparting product knowledge, offer promotional offers running on the Website and offers by its authorized business partners and associated third parties (to the extent permissible), for which reasons your information may be collected in the manner as detailed under this Policy. You hereby agree that you authorize Policybazaar.com to contact you on your mobile number for the above mentioned purposes even if you have registered yourself under DND or DNC or NCPR service(s). You also authorize Policybazaar.com to contact you on the WhatsApp number. Your authorization, in this regard, shall be valid as long as your account is not deactivated by either you or us.
Controllers of Personal Information
Your personal data will be stored and collected by Policybazaar Insurance Brokers Private Limited.
Purposes of collection of your data
Policybazaar.com collects your information when you register for an account, when you use its products or services, visit its Website's pages or when an employer organization shares its employee information. When you register with Policybazaar.com, you are asked for submitting certain information which may be personal to you such as first name, last name, state and city of residence, email address, mobile number, date of birth, financial, know your customer and medical records etc. Once you register at the Website and sign in you are not anonymous to us. Also, you are asked for your contact number during registration and may be sent SMSs, notifications about our services to your wireless device. Hence, by registering you authorize the Policybazaar.com to send texts and email alerts to you with your login details and any other service requirements, including promotional mails and SMSs.
In connection with the fitness tracking features of our mobile application, Policybazaar collects and processes fitness-related data through integration with Google Fit services. Such collection occurs solely upon your explicit consent and authorization. The fitness data collected includes, but is not limited to, step counts and associated activity ("Fitness Data"). Policybazaar processes and utilizes such Fitness Data exclusively for (i) enabling participating insurance providers to calculate and provide premium discounts and rewards, and (ii) displaying your fitness activity metrics within our mobile application.
Policybazaar maintains strict controls over the sharing and processing of your Fitness Data. We share such data exclusively with the participating insurance providers, and solely for the purpose of determining applicable insurance premium discounts and rewards. Policybazaar does not sell, monetize, or otherwise commercialize your Fitness Data, nor do we utilize such data for advertising purposes or share it with unauthorized third parties.
You maintain complete control over your Fitness Data at all times. You may withdraw your consent for fitness tracking, opt out of sharing your Fitness Data with insurance providers, or request deletion of your Fitness Data at any time through the application settings, subject to applicable regulatory requirements and existing contractual obligations.
We use your information in order to:
Respond to queries or requests submitted by you.
Process orders or applications submitted by you.
Administer or otherwise carry out our obligations in relation to any agreement with our authorized business partners in connection with our business operations and functions for the purpose of insurance solicitation, providing pre/post sale services, claims servicing and providing you any other services as permissible under applicable laws or any other insurance related purposes.
Anticipate and resolve problems with any services supplied to you.
Offer group insurance cover and wellness corner offerings / health and wellness related information to your employer organization.
To send you information about promotions or offers from Insurance Companies to the extent permissible under applicable laws. We might also tell you about new features or products.
To make our website and the services offered better. We may combine information we get from you with information about you we get from our business partners or third parties as permissible under applicable laws.
To send you notices, communications, offer alerts relevant to your use of the Services offered on this Website.
Third parties and outsourced entities for the reasons consistent with the purposes for which the information was collected and/or other purposes as per applicable law.
Where we need to comply with a legal obligation as per applicable legal and regulatory framework.
As otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy.
Some features of this Website or our Services will require you to furnish your personally identifiable information as provided by you under your account section on our Website.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
We may share your Information submitted on the Website to any third party/service provider/business partner without obtaining your prior consent in the following limited circumstances:
1. When it is requested or required by law or by any court or governmental agency or authority to disclose, for the purpose of verification of identity, or for the prevention, detection, investigation including cyber incidents, or for prosecution and punishment of offences. These disclosures are made in good faith and belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary for enforcing these Terms and Conditions; for complying with the applicable laws and regulations.
2. Policybazaar shall transfer information about you in case Policybazaar is acquired by or merged with another company.
3. Where we need to comply with a legal obligation as per applicable legal and regulatory framework.
With respect to Fitness Data collected through Google Fit services, Policybazaar implements specific data sharing protocols. Such data is shared exclusively with participating insurance providers, and solely for the purpose of determining insurance premium discounts and rewards. Any sharing of Fitness Data occurs only with your explicit consent and is limited to the minimum necessary information required for such determinations. All data sharing occurs under appropriate confidentiality and security measures. You retain complete control over your Fitness Data as per applicable regulations and may withdraw consent for fitness tracking or request deletion of your data, subject to regulatory record-keeping requirements.
We Collect Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's computer tied to information about the user. We may use both session ID cookies and persistent cookies. For session ID cookies, once you close your browser or log out, the cookie terminates and is erased. A persistent cookie is a small text file stored on your computer’s hard drive for an extended period of time. Session ID cookies may be used by PRP to track user preferences while the user is visiting the website. They also help to minimize load times and save on server processing. Persistent cookies may be used by PRP to store whether, for example, you want your password remembered or not, and other information. Cookies used on the PRP website do not contain personally identifiable information.
Log Files
Like most standard websites, we use log files. This information may include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. We may combine this automatically collected log information with other information we collect about you. We do this to improve services we offer to you, to improve marketing, analytics or site functionality.
Email- Opt out
If you are no longer interested in receiving e-mail announcements and other marketing information from us, please e-mail your request at: care@policybazaar.com. Please note that it may take about 10 days to process your request.
Security
We employ appropriate technical and organizational security measures at all times to protect the information we collect from you. We use multiple electronic, procedural, and physical security measures to protect against unauthorized or unlawful use or alteration of information, and against any accidental loss, destruction, or damage to information. However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. Further, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality and security of your login id and password, and may not provide these credentials to any third party.
ISO 27001
ISO 27001 ISO/IEC 27001:2013 is the international standard for management of information security and provides a systematic approach to keep sensitive company information secure. Getting the ISO 27001:2013 certificate is a reassurance for our customers that Policybazaar.com complies with the industry accepted standards regarding information security. Policybazaar is ISO/IEC 27001:2013 certified company. We have implemented the ISO/IEC 27001: 2013 standard for all processes supporting the development and delivery of services by Policybazaar.com. Policybazaar.com understands that the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of your information are vital to our business operations and our own success.
Links to Other Websites
There might be other sites linked to Policybazaar.com. Personal information that you provide to those sites are not our property. These affiliated sites may have different privacy practices and we encourage you to read their privacy policies of these website when you visit them.
Changes in this Privacy Policy
Policybazaar.com reserves the right to change this policy from time to time, at its sole discretion. We may update this privacy policy to reflect changes to our information practices. We encourage you to periodically review
Data Grievance Officer
In case you have any grievances with respect to in accordance with applicable law on Information Technology and rules made there under, the name and contact details of the Grievance Officer are provided below:
Mr. Saurabh Tiwari
Policybazaar.com
Plot No. 119
Sector-44, Gurgaon-122001,
Haryana
Tel - 0124 - 4562988
Email : grievance@policybazaar.com,
If you have questions, concerns, or suggestions regarding our Privacy Policy, we can be reached using the contact information on our Contact Us page or at
grievance@policybazaar.com
.
In case your grievance is in relation to Information Technology (Intermediary Guidelines and Digital Media Ethics Code) Rules, 2021, we shall acknowledge your complaint within twenty-four hours and dispose off such the complaint within a period of fifteen days from the date of its receipt. Disposal of complaint shall include all actions as considered necessary by Policybazaar.
Modified on:
27-Dec-2024
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHT POLICY AND MANAGEMENT (IP POLICY)- 2015
PB Fintech Limited (the "Company")
has an efficient Intellectual Property Policy and Intellectual Property Management guidelines (Collectively referred to as "IP Policy", hereinafter) in place basically to maintain absolute clarity on IPR related issues such as ownership, rights and obligation of employees and Company, rights and obligation of customers and Company, disclosure of work/ invention, non-disclosure of confidential information, liabilities in case of misappropriation of IP or resolution of IP related disputes strategically.
Intellectual property (IP) is one of our most valuable assets. We rely on various types of intellectual property (such as trademarks, patents, copyrights, trade secrets, domain names, design rights) for our success in the market. IP helps us stay competitive, allows us to fund future successes, and supports each of our jobs at the Company. The Company has a consistent policy of identification of Company's intangible assets, prioritizing them according to Company's business plans, registering, exploiting and safeguarding them in order to benefit fully from IP in terms of revenue, reputation and market share. The Company's IP Policy also envisages protection and management of its own IP well, internally and with it's business partners. We also want to respect the IP of others as we develop our products and services, run our business, and work with business partners.
For clarifications, the term Company wherever used under this IP policy, shall include its Subsidiaries and Affiliates.
PURPOSE
The Company has adopted this Policy in order to protect its own IP and minimize the possibility of infringement of Intellectual Property rights of the Company and the third Parties. This IP Policy aims to provide transparent administrative system for the ownership, control and transfer of the IP created and owned by the Company.
APPLICABILITY
This IP Policy is applicable to all the employees, representatives and agents of the Company including its Subsidiaries and Affiliates.
POLICIES, PROCEDURES, AND RECORDS
Company shall respect intellectual property (IP) and conduct its business in compliance with the IP-related laws as applicable in the jurisdiction of Republic of India and its agreements with other companies.
Company shall actively protect its own IP.
Company shall maintain an effective system of IP asset management, including maintaining an inventory and records of IP-related assets and agreements.
Company shall not knowingly infringe a third party's intellectual property in its products, services, or components, or disclose or use a third party's trade secrets without the express or implied consent of the owner or as permitted by law.
Company shall not knowingly purchase or use counterfeit or other infringing goods and services in running its business, including counterfeit trademark goods or infringing copyright material (such as software, publications, video, audio, or other content).
Company shall document and maintain written records of all substantial transactions and uses that involve the exercise of IP rights. (This includes, for example, licenses or assignments of rights; manufacture, reproduction or distribution of patented, trademarked or copyrighted items; and disclosure and use of trade secrets.)
Company shall require, through binding policies or agreements with employees and contractors that its personnel comply with the applicable IP laws and the Company's IP policies and IP-related provisions in agreements with other companies.
Company shall develop and implement a management system to help ensure that all personnel follow its IP policies. This management system shall encompass all IP-related policies, procedures and adequate and accurate records necessary to implement, measure, and improve Company's IP protection and compliance program.
IP COMPLIANCE TEAM
Company's IP protection and management shall be implemented through a cross-functional compliance team, overseen by a Director or CFO of the Company or designated senior management. The said compliance team may appoint or engage any advocate or expert from within and/or outside the Company to seek their opinion in carrying out their responsibilities as stated under this IP Policy.
SCOPE AND QUALITY OF RISK ASSESSMENT
Company shall include in its risk assessment of new products, services, and business opportunities, any relevant IP protection risks.
MANAGEMENT OF BUSINESS PARTNERS:
Company shall require its business partners to conduct their arrangements with the Company in accordance with Company's relevant IP protection policies.
Company shall conduct initial risk assessment and due diligence on all prospective business partners, which shall include an assessment of such companies' IP protection and management.
SECURITY AND CONFIDENTIALITY MANAGEMENT
Company shall maintain physical security designed to effectively protect trade secrets(where applicable) and other confidential information, and IP-related records, masters, tools, inventory and related materials.
Company shall maintain computer and network security effective for protecting trade secrets, other confidential and proprietary information, and IP related records, and for discouraging violations of Company's IP policies on the Company's computers and networks.
Company and its personnel shall only make trade secrets and other proprietary information available to third parties on a "need to know" basis, and subject to company procedures and written agreements containing adequate confidentiality and other protections.
Company shall execute written confidential or Non-disclosure agreements with third parties prior to disclosure of any confidential information of the Company to any third party (ies).
Any IP generated, created or developed by any of the employees/representatives and agents of the Company and/or consultants engaged by the Company, during the term of their employment or engagement as the case may be, for and/or on behalf of the Company, shall be "work made for hire" and shall be assigned by such persons to the Company. Further, the Company shall have the sole and exclusive ownership to such IP generated, developed or created unless otherwise agreed by the Company by way of a written contract or as may be applicable by the relevant IP law.
TRAINING AND CAPACITY BUILDING
Company shall provide ongoing appropriate level training on IP protection and management to all relevant personnel.
Company shall provide specialized training to those personnel responsible for the development and implementation of the IP protection, management, and compliance program.
Company shall provide appropriate level training on IP protection and management for relevant supply chain members.
MONITORING AND MEASUREMENT
Company shall establish and operate a system to monitor its performance in meeting the Company's relevant IP policies.
Company shall incorporate the information gained from the IP compliance team through the monitoring system into the overall evaluation of its departments.
CORRECTIVE ACTIONS AND IMPROVEMENTS:
Company shall maintain a system to track and deal with problems in IP protection, management and compliance found through the monitoring process. The tracking system will identify the corrective action to be taken, the timeline, and the responsible party.
Company shall develop and implement an annual or other regular improvement plan for IP protection, management, and compliance.
In case of violation/infringement of any IPR such as trademark infringement by any employee/representative or any third party infringing upon the IPR of the Company, the Compliance Team of the Company would first investigate the matter in association with its Advocates and make recommendations to the Director/CFO for resolution of such violation/infringement including need for any legal course of action.
IP Licensing and Transfer
The Company may license its IP to any of its Subsidiaries, Affiliates or a third party (ies) through various modes of licensing strategy such as: Exclusive licensing, Sole licensing, Non-Exclusive Licensing, Sub-licensing and licensing in general. The Company shall document such IP licensing through a license Agreement where each such license agreement shall define the terms and conditions for the proper use of IP of the Company.
The Company may transfer its IP to any of its Subsidiaries, Affiliates or a third party (ies) through a signed IP transfer agreement on the conditions as may be deemed to be fit and proper to the Company.
Jurisdiction
This Policy shall be governed by the laws of Republic of India and the courts at Gurgaon, Haryana shall have the jurisdiction to the same.
Modified on:
30-January-2023
English
हिंदी
Hindi
অসমীয়া
Assamese
বাংলা
Bengali
ब'र
Bodo
डोगरी
Dogri
ગુજરાતી
Gujarati
ಕನ್ನಡ
Kannada
کشمیری
Kashmiri
कोंकणी
Konkani
मैथिली
Maithili
മലയാളം
Malayalam
Manipuri
मराठी
Marathi
नेपाली
Nepali
ଓଡିଆ
Oriya
ਪੰਜਾਬੀ
Punjabi
संस्कृत
Sanskrit
Santali
سنڌي
Sindhi
தமிழ்
Tamil
తెలుగు
Telugu
اردو
Urdu
Welcome to www.policybazaar.com website (the "Site")/ My Account (the "Mobile Application").Policybazaar provides its services to you subject to the following conditions. Before you may use the Site / Mobile Application, you must read and accept all of the terms and conditions in, and linked to, this Terms of Use, the linked Privacy Policy and other Legal and Admin Policies.
We strongly recommend that, as you read this ToU, you also access and read the linked information, since it is incorporated into and hereby made part of this ToU. This ToU is effective upon acceptance. Use of any functionality of the Site / Mobile Application constitutes acceptance of this ToU. If this ToU conflicts with any other documents, the ToU will control for the purposes of usage of the Site / Mobile Application. If you do not agree to be bound by this ToU and the Privacy Policy, you may not use the Site / Mobile Application in any way. Be sure to return to this page periodically to review the most current version of the ToU. We reserve the right, at any time, at our sole discretion, to change or otherwise modify the TOU without prior notice, and your continued access or use of this Site / Mobile Application signifies your acceptance of the updated or modified TOU.
You understand that in case of your non-compliance (intentional or otherwise) with the Privacy Policy, Terms of Use and other Legal and Admin Policies for access or usage of the Site / Mobile Application, Policybazaar reserves the right to terminate your access to the Site / Mobile Application and/or your account (“collectively referred to as Access”) or remove such non-compliant information (if any) provided by you, or both.
By agreeing to these Terms Of Use, you hereby provide a formal mandate to Policybazaar to represent you to the insurer and communicate the grant of a cover to you after effecting the insurance. Such mandate shall be valid for a period of 18 months, unless otherwise agreed between Policybazaar and you. Please note that no mandate is required for pre-underwritten policies or individual policies.
1. Description of Services
In the Site / Mobile Application, Policybazaar provides users with access to information primarily about Financial and Insurance products and services including but not restricted to General Insurance, Life Insurance products and related services (including but not limited to renewals) (the "Service"). You are responsible for obtaining access to the Site / Mobile Application, and that access may involve third-party fees (such as Internet service provider or airtime charges). In addition, you must provide and are responsible for all equipment necessary to access the Site / Mobile Application. By making use of this Site / Mobile Application, and furnishing your personal / contact details, you hereby agree that you are interested in availing and purchasing the Service(s) that you have selected. You hereby agree that Policybazaar may contact you either electronically or through phone, to understand your interest in the selected products and Service(s) (like renewals, reminders etc.) and to fulfill your demand. You also agree that Policybazaar reserves the right to make your details available to its affiliates and partners and you may be contacted by the affiliates and partners for information and for sales through email, telephone and/or sms. You agree to receive promotional materials and/or special offers from Policybazaar through email or sms.
2. License and Site / Mobile Application Access
Policybazaar grants you a limited license to access and make personal use of the Site / Mobile Application and the Service. This license does not include any downloading or copying of any kind of information for the benefit of another individual, vendor or any other third party; caching, unauthorized hypertext links to the Site / Mobile Application and the framing of any Content available through the Site / Mobile Application uploading, posting, or transmitting any content that you do not have a right to make available (such as the intellectual property of another party); uploading, posting, or transmitting any material that contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment; any action that imposes or may impose (in Policybazaar's sole discretion) an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on Policybazaar's infrastructure; or any use of data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools. You may not bypass any measures used by Policybazaar to prevent or restrict access to the Site / Mobile Application. Any unauthorized use by you shall terminate the permission or license granted to you by Policybazaar. By using the Site / Mobile Application you agree not to: (i) use this Site / Mobile Application or its contents for any commercial purpose; (ii) make any speculative, false, or fraudulent transaction or any transaction in anticipation of demand; (iii) access, monitor or copy any content or information of this Site / Mobile Application using any robot, spider, scraper or other automated means or any manual process for any purpose without our express written permission; (iv) violate the restrictions in any robot exclusion headers on this Site / Mobile Application or bypass or circumvent other measures employed to prevent or limit access to this Site / Mobile Application; (v) take any action that imposes, or may impose, in our discretion, an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure; (vi) deep-link to any portion of this Site / Mobile Application (including, without limitation, the purchase path for any service) for any purpose without our express written permission; or (vii) "frame", "mirror" or otherwise incorporate any part of this Site / Mobile Application into any other website without our prior written authorization.
3. Eligibility
The Service is not available to minors under the age of 18 or to any users suspended or removed from the system by Policybazaar for any reason. Users may not have more than one active account. Additionally, users are prohibited from selling, trading, or otherwise transferring their accounts to another party. If you do not qualify, you may not use the Service or the Site / Mobile Application.
4. Your Account
In consideration of your use of the Site / Mobile Application, you represent that you are of legal age to form a binding contract and are not a person barred from receiving services under the laws of India or other applicable jurisdiction and will only use the Site / Mobile Application to make legitimate purchases for you or for another person for whom you are legally authorized to act (and will inform such other persons about the ToU and/or Privacy Policy) that apply to the purchase you have made on their behalf (including all rules and restrictions applicable thereto). You also agree to provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by the Site / Mobile Application. If you provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete (or becomes untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete), or Policybazaar has reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, Policybazaar has the right to suspend or terminate your account and refuse any and all current or future use of the Site / Mobile Application (or any portion thereof). If you use the Site / Mobile Application, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password, and for restricting access to your computer. You agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password. Because of this, we strongly recommend that you exit from your account at the end of each session. You agree to notify Policybazaar immediately of any unauthorized use of your account or any other breach of security. Policybazaar reserves the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, or remove or edit content in its sole discretion. Notwithstanding the above, we retain the right at our sole discretion to deny access to anyone to the Site / Mobile Application and the Services we offer, at any time and for any reason, including, but not limited to, for violation of the ToU or Privacy Policy. Additional terms and conditions will apply to your purchase of Services that you select. Please read these additional terms and conditions carefully. You agree to abide by the terms and conditions of purchase imposed by any service provider with whom you elect to deal, including, but not limited to, payment of all amounts when due and compliance with the service provider's rules and restrictions regarding use of products, and/or Services. You agree that any violation of any such service provider's rules and restrictions may result in cancellation of your purchase(s), in your being denied access to the applicable service(s), in your forfeiting any monies paid for such Services, and/or in our debiting your account for any costs we incur as a result of such violation.
5. Submitted Content
Policybazaar does not claim ownership of any materials you make available through the Site / Mobile Application. At Policybazaar's sole discretion, such materials may be included in the Service in whole or in part or in a modified form. With respect to such materials you submit or make available for inclusion on the Site / Mobile Application, you grant Policybazaar a perpetual, irrevocable, non-terminable, worldwide, royalty-free and non-exclusive license to use, copy, distribute, publicly display, modify, create derivative works, and sublicense such materials or any part of such materials (as well as use the name that you submit in connection with such submitted content). You hereby represent, warrant and covenant that any materials you provide do not include anything (including, but not limited to, text, images, music or video) to which you do not have the full right to grant the license specified in this Section 4. We take no responsibility and assume no liability for any submitted content posted or submitted by you. We have no obligation to post your comments; we reserve the right in our absolute discretion to determine which comments are published on the Site / Mobile Application. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not provide us with any submitted content. You agree that you are fully responsible for the content you submit. You are prohibited from posting or transmitting to or from this Site / Mobile Application: (i) any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, or other material or content that would violate rights of publicity and/or privacy or that would violate any law; (ii) any commercial material or content (including, but not limited to, solicitation of funds, advertising, or marketing of any good or services); and (iii) any material or content that infringes, misappropriates or violates any copyright, trademark, patent right or other proprietary right of any third party. You shall be solely liable for any damages resulting from any violation of the foregoing restrictions, or any other harm resulting from your posting of content to this Site / Mobile Application.
6. Disclaimer of Liability and Warranty
The Content, Products, and Services Published on this Site / Mobile Application may include inaccuracies or errors, Including Pricing errors. We do not guarantee the accuracy of , and disclaim all liability for any errors or other inaccuracies relating to the information and description of the content, products, and services we expressly reserves the right to correct any pricing errors on the Site / Mobile Application and/or on pending reservations made under an incorrect price. Policybazaar makes no representation about the suitability of the information, Software, products, and services contained on this Site / Mobile Application for any purpose, and the inclusion or offering of any products or services on this Site / Mobile Application does not constitute any endorsement or recommendation of such products or services. All such information, software, products, and services are provided "AS IS" without warranty of any kind. Policybazaar disclaims all warranties and conditions that this Site / Mobile Application, its services or any email sent from Policybazaar, its affiliates, and/or their respective or associated service providers are free of viruses or other harmful components. Policybazaar hereby disclaims all warranties and conditions with regard to this information, software, products, and services, including all implied warranties and conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, and no infringement. The service providers providing services on this Site / Mobile Application are independent affiliates and Policybazaar are not liable for the acts, errors, omissions, representations, warranties, breaches or negligence of any such service providers or for any personal injuries, death, property damage, or other damages or expenses resulting therefore. Policybazaar and its affiliates have no liability and will make no refund in the event of any delay, cancellation, strike, force majeure or other causes beyond their direct control, and they have no responsibility for any additional expense omissions delays or acts of any government or authority. In no event shall Policybazaar and/or its affiliates be liable for any direct, indirect, punitive, incidental, special, or consequential damages arising out of, or in any way connected with, your access to, display of or use of this Site / Mobile Application or with the delay or inability to access, display or use this Site / Mobile Application (including, but not limited to, your reliance upon opinions appearing on this Site / Mobile Application; any computer viruses, information, software, linked sites, products, and services obtained through this Site / Mobile Application; or otherwise arising out of the access to, display of or use of this Site / Mobile Application) whether based on a theory of negligence, contract, tort, strict liability, or otherwise, and even if Policybazaar and/or its affiliates their respective service providers have been advised of the possibility of such damages.
7. Disclaimer of Online Availability,Impressions, And Click-Throughs
In addition to the other disclaimers and limitations discussed in this notice, there are no guarantees and no warranties regarding online availability, impressions, and click-through of www.policybazaar.com, its web pages, and any material, information, links, or content presented on the web pages at www.policybazaar.com. Policybazaar.com, its web pages, and any material, information, links, or content presented on the web pages at www.policybazaar.com, may be unavailable for online access at anytime. Advertising sponsors and advertising,if any and if permitted, must be approved by Policybazaar before the posting of any advertising material, information, links, content, banners, and graphics on www.policybazaar.com. Policybazaar reserves the right to accept or to reject any advertising sponsor or any advertising for any reason
8. Cancellation & Refund/Chargeback Terms and Conditions
(a) Free look period Cancellation and Refund
As per the IRDAI rules and regulations, you have the right to cancel your insurance policy within 30(thirty) days from the date of (online) receipt of insurance policy (referred to as “Free look period”) and refund of your premium amount shall be processed as per the applicable process and procedures followed by the insurer. This Free look facility can be availed only for Life and Health insurance policies, subject to certain other terms and conditions specified by IRDAI. We encourage all our customers to read the insurance policy document carefully and avail the free look facility in case the terms and conditions of the insurance policy document don’t match your insurance requirements. Further, you understand that once you place a cancellation request within the Free look period, the policy gets cancelled and entire premium is refunded to you subject to deduction of (i) charges pertaining to medical tests conducted (ii) administrative and service cost like stamp duty etc. and; (iii )Charges for mortality for the period the policy was in force. Please note such deduction is at the sole discretion of the insurer.
All payments with respect to refunds as stated under this paragraph 1 shall be the sole responsibility of the insurer per the rules and regulations laid down by the IRDAI. You understand that Policybazaar has tied up with RBI authorized payment gateways to allow you to make online payments towards your insurance premium amount and is only acting as a mere facilitator and providing its assistance to its customers for speedy refunds.
(b) Chargebacks
You (cardholder) may dispute a transaction carried out through our Website and file a Charegback with your issuing bank for the reversal of that transaction. Chargeback allows transactions to be reversed by you under specified circumstances such as, on account of (i) alleged forgery of the card number / bank account or other details (ii) any charge/debit made on a card that has been listed as a hot listed card or otherwise listed on the card association (Visa, MasterCard, etc.) warning bulletins (iii) duplicate processing of the transaction; or (iv) for other reasons as per applicable rules and guidelines issued by RBI, card Associations, your card/payment instrument issuing bank etc. However, we reserve the right to reject a Chargeback, including but not limited to, under the following circumstances:
1. In the event your medical tests or underwriting is in process with your chosen insurer, not exceeding a period of 3 months from the date of your insurance policy application
2. In the event there is any delay caused on the part of the insurer in conducting medical tests or during the process of medical underwriting or issuance of insurance policy or any service provided by the insurer in connection with the insurance policy issuance, not exceeding a period of 3 months from the date of your insurance policy application
3. In case your insurance policy application is rejected by the insurer, post your medical test
Our Company shall not be liable to you, in any form or manner whatsoever, for any claims, disputes, proceedings which may arise in connection with Chargebacks initiated by you in the circumstances as specified under (a), (b) and (c) herein above.
9. Additional Terms and Conditions of proposal form (applicable for health insurance products only):
(i) You hereby declare, on your behalf and on behalf of all persons proposed to be insured, that the statements, answers and/ or particulars given by you are true and complete in all respects to the best of your knowledge and that you are authorized to propose on behalf of these other persons.
(ii) You understand that the information provided by you will form the basis of the insurance policy, is subject to the Board approved underwriting policy of the insurer and that the policy will come into force only after full payment of the premium chargeable.
(iii) You further declare that you will notify in writing any change occurring in the occupation or general health of the life to be insured/proposer after the proposal has been submitted but before communication of the risk acceptance by the insurance company.
(iv) You declare that you consent to the insurance company seeking medical information from any doctor or hospital who/which at any time has attended on the person to be insured/proposer or from any past or present employer concerning anything which affects the physical or mental health of the person to be insured/proposer and seeking information from any insurer to whom an application for insurance on the person to be insured/proposer has been made for the purpose of underwriting the proposal and/or claim settlement.
(v) You authorize the Policybazaar/insurance company to share information pertaining to your proposal including the medical records of the insured/ proposer for the sole purpose of underwriting the proposal and/or claims settlement and with any Governmental and/or Regulatory authority.
(vi) You consent to and authorize any of insurance company’s authorized representatives not being direct employees of the company to seek medical information required for the purpose of policy issuance or claim settlement under this policy from any hospital/medical practitioner that you or any person proposed to be insured/insured has attended or may attend in future concerning any
disease or illness or injury.
10. You understand agree that (section 41 of Insurance Act)
a) No person shall allow or offer to allow, either directly or indirectly, as an inducement to any person to take out or renew or continue an insurance in respect of any kind of risk relating to lives or property in India, any rebate of the whole or part of the commission payable or any rebate of the premium shown on the policy, nor shall any person taking out or renewing or continuing a Policy accept any rebate, except such rebate as may be allowed in accordance with the published prospectuses or tables of the insurers.
b) Any person making default in complying with the provision of this section shall be liable for a penalty which may extend to ten lakh rupees.
11. Customer Due Diligence requirements (CDD)
You agree and acknowledge that for undertaking any financial transaction through the website, Our Company may undertake client/customer due diligence measuresers and seek mandatory information required for KYC purpose which as a customer you are obliged to give, while facilitating your request of insurance requirements with the insurance company(ies), in accordance with applicable laws and rules. Where required, you hereby
consent
to and authorize Our Company to obtain your credit information through authorized entities. Our Company may obtain sufficient information to establish, to its satisfaction or the insurance company, the identity of each new customer, and the purpose of the intended nature of insurance relationship between you and the insurance company(ies). You agree and understand that you shall ensure that any payment towards insurance premium is remitted only through your bank account or from a joint bank account in which you are a joint holder. In the event, payment towards insurance premium is remitted through a bank account opened in the name of a third party(i.e. not being in your name), you agree and acknowledge that Our Company can undertake enhanced due diligence measures(including any documentation), to satisfy itself relating to customer due diligence requirements. You further agree and acknowledge that, in line with the requirements and obligations under the PMLA Act and rules, all refunds shall be processed by the insurance company(ies) through us to the bank account which was used to remit payment of insurance premium.
12. License Disclaimer
Nothing on any Policybazaar website shall be construed as conferring any license under any of Policybazaar's or any third party's intellectual property rights, whether by estoppel, implication, or otherwise.
13. Local Laws
Policybazaar is compliant as per the local, state and central laws. We endeavour to provide information under its control or possession, or assistance to any Government agency which is lawfully authorised to investigate or protect cybersecurity activities, for the purposes of verification of identity, or for the prevention, detection, investigation, or prosecution, of offences under any law for the time being in force, or for cyber security incidents as soon as possible, but not later than seventy two hours of the receipt of an order or as per the timelines specified in any government or regulatory order. Accordingly, our Grievance officer and our legal team is authorized to receive and acknowledge any order, notice or direction issued by the Appropriate Government, any competent authority, or a court of competent jurisdiction. Policybazaar controls and operates this Website from its headquarters in Gurgaon, India and makes no representation that the materials on the website are appropriate or available for use in other locations. If you use this Website from other locations, you are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws including but not limited to the export and import regulations of other countries. Unless otherwise explicitly stated, all marketing or promotional materials found on this Website are solely directed to individuals, companies or other entities located in India and comply with the laws prevailing for the time being in force in India. Disputes if any shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of Courts at Gurgaon.
14. Limitation of Liability
You expressly understand and agree that Policybazaar and its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, employees, agents, partners and licensors shall not be liable to you for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequntial or exemplary damages, including, but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, goodwill, use, data or other intangible losses (even if Policybazaar has been advised of the possibility of such damages), resulting from use of the Site / Mobile Application, content or any related services. If, despite the limitation above, Policybazaar or its Affiliates are found liable for any loss or damage which arises out of or in any way connected with any of the occurrences described above, then the liability of Policybazaar and/or Its Affiliates will in no event exceed, in the aggregate, the greater of (a) the service fees you paid to Policybazaar in connection with such transaction(s) on this Site / Mobile Application, or (b) Rupees One Hundred only (INR 100) The limitation of liability reflects the allocation of risk between the parties. The limitations specified in this section will survive and apply even if any limited remedy specified in these terms is found to have failed of its essential purpose. The limitations of liability provided in these terms inure to the benefit of Policybazaar, Its affiliates, and/or their respective service providers.
15. Indemnity
You agree to indemnify and hold Policybazaar (and its officers, directors, agents, subsidiaries, joint ventures, and employees) harmless from any and against any claims, causes of action, demands, recoveries, losses, damages, fines, penalties or other costs or expenses of any kind or nature, including reasonable attorneys' fees, or arising out of or related to your breach of this ToU, your violation of any law or the rights of a third party, or your use of the Site / Mobile Application.
16. Electronic Communication
When you use the Site / Mobile Application or send emails to Policybazaar, you are communicating with Policybazaar electronically. You consent to receive communications from Policybazaar electronically (including your email ID and WhatsApp). Policybazaar may communicate with you by email or by posting notices on the Site / Mobile Application or by phone or usually available means of communication (including WhatsApp). You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.
17. Site-Provided Email and Postings
The Site / Mobile Application may provide users with the ability to send email messages to other users and non-users and to post messages on the Site / Mobile Application. Policybazaar is under no obligation to review any messages, information or content ("Postings") posted on the Site / Mobile Application by users and assumes no responsibility or liability relating to any such Postings. Notwithstanding the above, Policybazaar may from time to time monitor the Postings on the Site / Mobile Application and may decline to accept and/or remove any email or Postings. You understand and agree that you shall not to use any functionality provided by the Site / Mobile Application to post content or initiate communications or host, display, upload, modify, publish, transmit, store, update or share any information that contain: (i) Any unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, profane, hateful, racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable material of any kind, including, but not limited to, any material which encourages conduct that would constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability or otherwise violate any applicable local, state, national or international law for the time being in force or is defamatory, obscene, pornographic, paedopholic, invasive of another privacy including bodily privacy, insulting or harassing on the basis of gender, libellous, racially or ethnically objectionable, relating or encouraging money laundering or gambling, or otherwise inconsistent with or contrary to the laws in force; (ii) Advertisements or solicitations of any kind; (iii) Impersonate others or provide any kind of false information or belongs to another person and to which the user does not have any right; (iv) Personal information such as messages which state phone numbers, account numbers, addresses, or employer references.; (v) Messages by non-spokesperson employees of Policybazaar purporting to speak on behalf of Policybazaar or containing confidential information or expressing opinions concerning Policybazaar; (vi) Messages that offer unauthorized downloads of any copyrighted or private information or infringes any patent, trademark, copyright or other proprietary rights; (vii) Multiple messages placed within individual folders by the same user restating the same point; (viii) Chain letters of any kind; (ix) Identical (or substantially similar) messages to multiple recipients advertising any product or service, expressing a political or other similar message, or any other type of unsolicited commercial message; (x) is harmful to child; (xi) deceives or misleads the addressee about the origin of the message or knowingly and intentionally communicates any information which is patently false or misleading in nature but may reasonably be perceived as a fact; (xii) impersonates another person; (xiii) threatens the unity, integrity, defence, security or sovereignty of India, friendly relations with foreign States, or public order, or causes incitement to the commission of any cognisable offence or prevents investigation of any offence or is insulting other nation; (xiv) contains software virus or any other computer code, file or program designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer resource; or (xv) is patently false and untrue, and is written or published in any form, with the intent to mislead or harass a person, entity or agency for financial gain or to cause any injury to any person. This prohibition includes but is not limited to a) Using Policybazaar to send messages to people who don't know you or who are unlikely to recognize you as a known contact; b) Using Policybazaar to connect to people who don't know you and then sending unsolicited promotional messages to those direct connections without their permission; and c) Sending messages to distribution lists, newsgroup aliases, or group aliases.
18. Links
The Site / Mobile Application or third parties may provide links to other World Wide Web sites or resources. Because Policybazaar has no control over such sites and resources, you acknowledge and agree that Policybazaar is not responsible for the availability of such external sites or resources, and does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for any content, advertising, products or other materials on or available from such sites or resources. You further acknowledge and agree that Policybazaar shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such Site / Mobile Application or resource.
19. Access to Password Protected/Secure Areas
Access to and use of password protected and/or secure areas of the Site / Mobile Application is restricted to authorized users only. Unauthorized individuals attempting to access these areas of the Site / Mobile Application may be subject to prosecution.
20. Modification and Notification of Changes
Policybazaar reserves the right to make changes to the Site / Mobile Application, related policies and agreements, this ToU and the Privacy Policy at any time. If Policybazaar makes a material modification to this ToU, it may notify you by: (i) displaying a prominent announcement above the text of this ToU or the Privacy Policy, as appropriate, for thirty (30) days, being deemed sufficient notification, of such changes. After notice of a modification to the ToU or the Privacy Policy has been posted for 30 days, the notice will be removed. If you have not used the Site / Mobile Application for more than 30 days, you should check the ToU and/or Privacy Policy prior to any further use of the Site / Mobile Application. Should you wish to terminate your account due to a modification to the TOU or the Privacy Policy, you may do so by sending an email with the subject line "Termination" to the following email address: care@policybazaar.com. If you choose to continue using the Site / Mobile Application, you agree that by doing so you will be deemed to accept the new ToU or Privacy Policy, as relevant.
21. Trademarks
The trademarks, logos and service marks ("Marks") displayed on the Site / Mobile Application are the property of Policybazaar/its parent company and other associated parties and service providers. Users are prohibited from using any Marks for any purpose including, but not limited to use as metatags on other pages or sites on the World Wide Web without the written permission of Policybazaar or such third party which may own the Marks. All information and content including any software programs available on or through the Site / Mobile Application ("Content") is protected by copyright. Users are prohibited from modifying, copying, distributing, transmitting, displaying, publishing, selling, licensing, creating derivative works or using any Content available on or through the Site / Mobile Application for commercial or public purposes.
22. Survival of Terms After Agreement Ends
Notwithstanding any other provisions of this ToU, or any general legal principles to the contrary, any provision of this ToU that imposes or contemplates continuing obligations on a party will survive the expiration or termination of this ToU.
23. General
If any of these conditions are deemed invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, the parties agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to the parties’ intentions as reflected in the provision, and the unenforceable condition shall be deemed severable and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining condition. Headings are for reference purposes only and do not limit the scope or extent of such section. This ToU and the relationship between you and Policybazaar will be governed by the laws of the India without regard to its conflict of law provisions. You and Policybazaar agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of the courts located in Gurgaon jurisdiction with respect to any legal proceedings that may arise in connection with this ToU. The failure of Policybazaar to act with respect to a breach by you or others does not waive its right to act with respect to subsequent or similar breaches. Policybazaar does not guarantee it will take action against all breaches of this ToU. Except as otherwise expressly provided in this ToU, there shall be no third-party beneficiaries to this ToU. This ToU constitutes the entire agreement between you and Policybazaar and governs your use of the Site / Mobile Application, superseding any prior agreements between you and Policybazaar with respect to the Site / Mobile Application.
Modified on:
31-July-2024
PolicyBazaar intends to provide clear and unbiased information about insurance products and services. The information and data are generic in nature. Our efforts are to offer unbiased, accurate and responsible data to the best of our ability. We are however, in no manner or form responsible for any discrepancies in the data published on our website/ mobile application
There is no intention or purpose of violating any intellectual property or ancillary rights. All information provided on the website/portal/ mobile application. PolicyBazaar is subject to it’s discretion and is likely to change without any notice. Though, any changes in public utility will be communicated on our website/portal/ mobile application.
Although we have tried to maintain high standards in quality, clarity and accuracy of the material posted on the website/portal/ mobile application. PolicyBazaar is not legally responsible for the same in any manner what so ever.
Employees, partners and associated staff of PolicyBazaar are not accountable for any loss, harm or damage that occurs or may occur or arise from the usage of information from the website/portal/ mobile application. Customers are advised to use their own discretion in such matters.
It is important to understand that insurance is a subject matter of solicitation and market risks. It is the responsibility of the customer to understand the limitations of insurance policies and the risks involved, and under no circumstance, form or manner, do we take any liability in such cases.We also recommend you to please read the subject and offer documents carefully. The information provided on the website/portal/ mobile application is for financial and insurance purposes.
It is a mutual understanding between us and the customers that their association with the website/portal/ mobile application will be at the customer's sole discretion and risk.
You hereby agree and confirm that you shall be solely responsible for the authenticity of the document uploaded here. We are acting only as a facilitator and claim acceptance or rejection is the sole discretion of the insurer.
Visitors to this website/portal/ mobile application and every third party is hereby informed that the owners of this website/portal/ mobile application, viz., Policybazaar Insurance Brokers Private Limited (formerly known as Policybazaar Insurance Web Aggregator Private Limited) , are not the agents, corporate agents, related party or intermediaries of the insurers, whose products are dealt with in this website/portal/ mobile application. They are also not the sub-agents or sub-intermediaries of the agents and intermediaries of the respective insurers. Though endeavour is made to make correct policy/product comparisons, quotes, features, etc., based on the information provided by the insurers, it is made abundantly clear that Policybazaar Insurance Brokers Private Limited (formerly known as Policybazaar Insurance Web Aggregator Private Limited) , its directors, shareholders, officers and employees and Policybazaar.com are in no way responsible to or liable for any one for his/her investment decision, and every prospect/ investor/policyholder shall be solely responsible for the consequences of his/her decision.
Modified on:
30-January-2023
Service TAT
Procedure & Processes
Service TAT - Health
In accordance with the Insurance e-Commerce Guidelines issued by IRDAI on 9th March 2017, Company shall follow the following service TAT for the online sale of insurance products through its ISNP www.policybazaar.com. The Company shall endeavor to follow the below-mentioned service level TATs subject to receipt of necessary information and documents from insurers:
Policyholder servicing turnaround times are as follows:
Service parameters
Maximum TAT* (calendar days)
The turnaround time to be calculated from
Written communication of decisions on the proposal / raising additional requirements on the proposal
7 days
Date of receipt of the proposal or the date of receipt of any requirement called for, whichever is later
Requests for refund including free look cancellation, surrender and withdrawal; refund of proposal deposit; refund of outstanding proposal deposit, if any
7 days
Date of receipt of (a) request, or (b) last necessary document, whichever is later
Post policy servicing requests
7 days
Date of receipt of (a) request, or (b) last necessary document, whichever is later
Resolution of Grievance
14 days
Endeavor to provide a resolution on the Grievance within 14 Days of receipt of Grievance
*The TATs are defined for raising the customer requirements / grievances and coordinating with the respective insurers for resolving the service issues that are dependent on the insurers for resolution. Policybazaar will not be in breach of the TATs if the matter is pending resolution from the insurer.
Service TAT - Life
Policyholder servicing turnaround times are as follows:
Service parameters
Maximum TAT* (calendar days)
The turnaround time to be calculated from
Written communication of decisions on the proposal / raising additional requirements on the proposal/decision on proposal
7 days
Date of receipt of the proposal or the date of receipt of any requirement called for, whichever is later
Post policy servicing requests
7 days
Date of receipt of (a) request, or (b) last necessary document, whichever is later
Requests for refund towards free look cancellation, surrender and withdrawal; refund of proposal deposit; refund of outstanding proposal deposit, if any
15 days
Date of receipt of request/last necessary document, whichever is later
Resolution of Grievance
14 days
Endeavor to provide a resolution on the Grievance within 14 Days of receipt of Grievance
*The TATs are defined for raising the customer requirements / grievances and coordinating with the respective insurers for resolving the service issues that are dependent on the insurers for resolution. Policybazaar will not be in breach of the TATs if the matter is pending resolution from the insurer.
Service TAT - Motor, Two Wheeler & Travel
Policyholder servicing turnaround times are as follows:
Service parameters
Maximum TAT* (calendar days)
Turnaround time to be calculated from
Written communication of decisions on the proposal / raising additional requirements on the proposal
7 days
Date of receipt of the proposal or the date of receipt of any requirement called for, whichever is later
Requests for refund towards free look cancellation, surrender and withdrawal; refund of proposal deposit; refund of outstanding proposal deposit, if any
15 days*
Date of receipt of request/last necessary document, whichever is later
Post policy Servicing requests
7 days
Date of receipt of (a) request, or (b) last necessary document, whichever is later
Resolution of Grievance
14 days
Endeavor to provide a resolution on the Grievance within 14 Date of receipt of Grievance
*The TATs are defined for raising the customer requirements / grievances and coordinating with the respective insurers for resolving the service issues that are dependent on the insurers for resolution. Policybazaar will not be in breach of the TATs if the matter is pending resolution from the insurer.
HEALTH INSURANCE : Procedures, processes and timelines of post-sales servicing (in accordance with Schedule III of Insurance e-commerce guidelines)
This document has detailed information on the procedures, processes and timelines for post sales servicing. If in case, you want to avail any of these services, you may do so by: Sending your request at our email id
care@policybazaar.com
from your registered email id.
Issuance and crediting of the Policy document / Certificate of Insurance / Proposal form
Turnaround time is 15 calendar days from the date of receipt of complete documents.
Organizing medical checkup and submission of medical reports
Medical checkups are required by the Insurers per the plan that the customer has procured. If the plan requires a medical check up - once customer has made the payment of the recently purchased online plan, he/she would be routed to complete the next steps i.e. Schedule Medical (if applicable).
Issuance of endorsement
An endorsement is issued to the policyholder whenever any contractual changes (permitted by the plan/policy) are requested by the policyholder, accepted by the Insurer and made in the policy. Please refer to sections (d), (g), (l) and (n) of this document for types of changes and their respective documentation.
The turnaround time is 15 business days from the date of receipt of complete documents.
Change of Policy Terms and Conditions/Details Change
Correction of Date of Birth (DOB):
Change of DOB request means a change or correction in the Date of Birth of the policyholder, life insured or nominee / trustee.
Documents required to carry out the request are:
Date of Birth Proof
Additional Premium (wherever applicable due to change of DOB)
The turnaround time is 15 business days from the date of receipt of complete documents
Increase in sum assured / Decrease in Sum assured:
As per policy contract, this transaction is allowed only the time of renewal.
Documents required to carry out the request are:
Change Request form (wherever applicable)
Premium (wherever applicable)
Medicals (wherever applicable)
The turnaround time is 15 business days from the date of receipt of complete documents.
Correction of Gender: Change in Gender means updating of correct Gender in Customer’s Policy.
Documents required
ID Proof in which DOB should match with our records.
Premium (wherever applicable due to change of Gender).
The turnaround time is 10 business days from the date of receipt of complete documents
Change of Name/Address
Change of name:
If in case, you want to place request for change of name, you are requested to submit below mentioned requirements.
Documents:
A valid name change proof (on which customer's DOB should match with our records) DOB Proof should be in DD-MM-YY order
Name Change affidavit (as per state value) attested by first class magistrate
The turnaround time is 15 business days from the date of receipt of complete documents
Change of address:
If in case, you want to place request for change of address, you are requested to submit below mentioned requirements.
Documents:
Self-Attested valid address Proof of new address
Turnaround time is 15 business days from the date of receipt of complete documents
LIFE INSURANCE : Procedures, processes and timelines for Pre- Sales solicitation of insurance policies.
E-Quote generation on the digital platform:
The E-Quote for a customer is generated once he/she fills up the basic details like DOB, Gender, Smoker/non smoker, Cover Amount, personal details – Name, mobile, email ID.
Plan selection & redirection to Product page:
Upon E-Quote generation customer can check the Quotes from various insurance companies and select any insurance company’s plan that the customer wishes to purchase, he will then be redirected to product page for that insurer which lists down all the details of the plan selected and gives option to select riders.
Redirection to Payment Gateway:
Customer is redirected to the payment gateway ( PG) page and premium payment is made by him/her. Customer has various payment options to pay the initial premium at the time of application for example - through internet banking, debit card, credit card and wallets. These options are available on the payment page of the proposal form journey on our website/ mobile application. This might change from time to time. Apart from this, standing instruction option is also available to pay future renewal premiums. Once customer has made the payment online, he/she would be directed to complete the next steps i.e. Fill Proposal form, Upload Documents & Schedule Medical (if applicable).
For any sales related queries, the customer can call us on:
1800-419-7713
LIFE INSURANCE : Procedures, processes and timelines for Post Sales servicing of insurance policies
Filling up the proposal form:
Underwriting of insurance proposals is done basis the disclosures by the life insured/proposer in the proposal form, hence it is mandatory to verify the details filled in the proposal form and authenticate them through OTP (One-time password) authentication.
On completion of payment and proposal form filling, a copy of proposal form (PDF) along with payment acknowledgment will be sent to the customer’s registered email ID.
The proposal form journey consists of below sections:
Personal Details –
This section contains details like name, contact details, education, nationality
Employment details–
This section contains details like employment like salaried / self employed, name of employer, designation, income
Address Details –
This section contains details like Address, City & Pin Code.
Insurance history –
This section contains details on any other insurance cover
Nominee details –
This section contains details on nomination like name, relation
Lifestyle & well-being –
This section contains details like height, weight, travel & adventure
Health–
This section contains details regarding medical disclosure on any previous investigations, diagnosis or treatment
OTP (One-time password) authentication –
Customer needs to enter the OTP to authenticate the details provided in the proposal form. OTP is sent on customer’s mobile & email with a validity of 30 minutes.
Review & acceptance –
This section contains details of all the information filled up in previous sections for easy review and acceptance of proposal by the customer.
Document Upload:
In upload documents section, customer has to upload self-attested copy of below mentioned documents:
Photograph
Address proof (communication & permanent address)
Identity proof
Income proof
Schedule Medicals:
In schedule medical section, the customer needs to select a preferred date and time for medicals. The medicals can either be at customer’s residence or he / she will be required to visit the insurers empanelled diagnostic centres. Details of these are available on schedule medical page and in case of any changes, customer will be informed accordingly.
Policy underwriting & decision of policy issuance is made by the insurer. Once the policy is issued, policy pack will be sent to customer at his / her communication address as selected on the proposal form by the insurer but the soft copy of the issued policy shall be sent to customer’s email ID by Policy bazaar
Change of Policy Terms and Conditions/Details Change
Correction of Date of birth: Change of DOB request means a change or correction in the Date of Birth of the policyholder, life insured or nominee
Documents required:
DOB change form (for all policy numbers)
Self attested Date of Birth Proof
Premium (wherever applicable due to change of DOB)
Revised Illustration duly signed
Turnaround time is 10 days from the date of receipt of complete documents
Collection of renewal premiums and remittance to insurers:
Select the insurer for which you wish to pay the renewal premium.
Input policy number for which premium is due.
Enter DOB of the life insured.
Pay amount due on the Payment Gateway through internet banking, debit card, credit card
Receipt for renewal payment will be sent to registered Email Id in 2 days from date of transaction.
For any service related queries, customer can contact us on
1800-258-5970
or Email us at
info@policybazaar.com
Process Timelines:
Process
Timeline
Filling up of proposal form
45 Days
Electronic copy of proposal form and payment acknowledgement
5 Days
One Time Password (OTP) for authentication of details mentioned in proposal form
10 Mins
KYC documentation
The Customer relationship team will follow up on completion of proposal form
Medical scheduling
The Customer relationship team will follow up on completion of proposal form
Acceptance of proposal form
15 days post completion of documentation & medicals, if any
Refund
15 days from the date of underwriting
MOTOR & TWO WHEELER : Procedures, processes and timelines of post-sales servicing.
This document has detailed information on the procedures, processes and timelines for post sales servicing. If in case, you want to avail any of these services, you may do so by: Sending your request at our email id
care@policybazaar.com
from your registered email id.
Issuance and crediting of the Policy document / Certificate of Insurance / Proposal form
The turnaround time for issuance and crediting of policy is 7 (seven) calendar days from the date of receipt of complete documents by the Insurer.
Organizing inspection and submission of video inspection report:
Once customer has made the payment of the purchased online plan, he/she would be routed to complete the next steps i.e. Schedule an Inspection (if applicable).
Issuance of endorsement
An endorsement is issued to the policyholder whenever any contractual changes are accepted and made in the policy. Please refer to below sections of this document for types of changes and their respective documentation
The turnaround time is 15 (fifteen) calendar days from the date of receipt of complete documents by the Insurer.
Change of Policy Terms and Conditions/Details Change
Correction of Date of Birth(DOB):
Change of DOB request means a change or correction in the Date of Birth of the policyholder, life insured or nominee / Trustee.
Documents required:
DOB change form (for all policy numbers)
Self attested Date of Birth Proof
Premium (wherever applicable due to change of DOB)
Revised Illustration duly signed
Vehicles details change
Registration Certificate (RC)
Premium (wherever applicable due to change in NCB, IDV, Ownership transfer, CC Fuel type, CNG addition, MFG year, Legal liablity for paid driver & model and variant).
The turnaround time is 15 (fifteen) calendar days from the date of receipt of complete documents by the Insurer.
Effective date of coverage change:
As per contract. A customer can change on the basis of previous year policy
Documents required:
Previous year policy
Turnaround time is 15 calendar days from the date of receipt of complete documents
Change of Name/Address
Change of name:
If in case, you want to place request for change of name, you are requested to submit below mentioned requirements.
Documents:
RC Copy
Previous year policy copy
Change of address:
If in case, you want to place request for change of address, you are requested to submit below mentioned requirements
Documents:
Self-Attested valid address Proof of new address
Change of Nomination
Change of nomination:
As per policy contract, policyholder may nominate any other person, to whom the money secured under the policy shall be paid in the event of death of the policyholder. If in case, you want to place request for change of nominee, you are requested to submit below mentioned requirements
Documents required:
A request letter duly signed by the policyholder, mentioning the new nominee name
Email from registered email id stating name of nominee and relation
Turnaround time is 15 calendar days from the date of receipt of complete documents by the Insurer.
Modified on:
30-September-2024
Help keep Policybazaar safe for the community by disclosing security issues to us
Policybazaar has always prioritised the security and integrity of its systems and is committed to the protection of customer data. If you are an information security expert, come register with us and help identify security-related issues on Policybazaar’s website/mobile application. We would appreciate you revealing it to us conscientiously.
We take the safety and security of customer information very seriously and our team is committed to addressing all security issues in a responsible and timely manner.
Click here
to register for Bug Bounty Program.
Please register with us at
Infosec@policybazaar.com
For any queries please contact
Infosec@policybazaar.com
Policybazaar Insurance Brokers Private Limited Bug Bounty Guidelines >>
Note:
Policybazaar shall, in its sole and absolute discretion, determine whether to modify or change the terms of this document, including, without limitation, the form, structure and terms of the document or the timing of and conditions to the consummation of the document.
Modified on:
15-Apr-2024
Introduction
This E-commerce Anti-Fraud Policy ("Policy") is framed by Policybazaar Insurance Brokers Private Limited ("the Company") as per Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority ("IRDAI") Guidelines on Insurance E-commerce issued vide circular no. IRDA/INT/GDL/ECM/055/03/2017 dated 9th March 2017.
Objective and Scope of the Policy
The objective of this Policy is to put in place effective Fraud Monitoring framework and ensuring that management is aware of its responsibilities for the detection and prevention of fraud and for establishing procedures to prevent fraud and/or detect fraud on its occurrence. This Policy shall provide guidance with respect to detection, prevention, mitigation and investigation into fraudulent activities related to E-commerce and Cyber fraud.
The Company has adopted this policy to ensure consistent and effective investigation, reporting and disclosure of fraud occurrences and to provide a clear guidance to the employees and others dealing with the Company, forbidding them from involvement in any fraudulent activity and the action to be taken by them when they suspect any fraudulent activity.
Applicability
This document applies to all employees and officers of the Company at whatever level, at every location and whatever the terms of employment, hours of work or length of service, including contractual staff and directors in the employment of the Company, as well as shareholders, service providers, consultants, vendors, contractors and subcontractors, prospective and existing customers and/or other parties with a business relationship with the Company.
Definition and Categories of potential e-commerce Fraud
“Fraud” in relation to affairs of a company or anybody corporate, includes any act, omission, concealment of any fact or abuse of position committed by any person or any other person with the connivance in any manner, with intent to deceive, to gain undue advantage from, or to injure the interests of, the company or its shareholders or its creditors or any other person, whether or not there is any wrongful gain or wrongful loss;
“Wrongful gain” means the gain by unlawful means of property to which the person gaining is not legally entitled;
“Wrongful loss” means the loss by unlawful means of property to which the person losing is legally entitled.
Categories of Frauds:
1. Internal Fraud: Fraud, mis-appropriation, mis-representation against the Company by its Director, Manager and / or any other officer or staff member (by whatever name called).
2. Third Party Frauds: Any fraud done by a party other than the persons connected with the Company will come under Third party fraud.
3. Online Fraud: This type of fraud could inter-alia involve any fraud committed while buying online policy on the Company’s digital platform.
An illustrative list of frauds (online / offline) is mentioned under Annexure A.
Fraud Management and Governance Structure
The Company shall constitute a Fraud Management and Governance Team (“FMGT”) which to review, recommend the policies, procedures and control mechanism to identify, detect and report insurance frauds. The FMGT shall also be responsible to review the findings of the investigations done and recommend the appropriate actions there upon. The primary administration of the functions of the FMGT will rest with Principal Officer & Chief Executive Officer to carry out the same in coordination with the various departmental heads and business functions.
FMGT will be constituted with the following members and it will report its findings/recommendations to the Principal Officer & Chief Executive Officer:
1. IT SPOC
2. Legal & Compliance SPOC
3. Business and Operations SPOC
For any interdepartmental support required by the FMGT, it shall have powers to invite SPOCs from other departments on a need basis.
The FMGT shall more specifically be responsible for the following:
1. Manner of detecting and identifying frauds i.e. Laying down process and procedures to identify, detect and report frauds.
2. Follow-up mechanism to take appropriate actions against persons who committed frauds
3. Cooperation amongst market participants to identify frauds and trying to mitigate the risk
4. Building database of those committing frauds and sharing with other market participants.
5. Awareness among employees/policyholders to counter insurance frauds.
Reporting Procedure
If any fraud (instance of actual or suspected fraud) comes to the attention of an employee, staff member or a customer he/she must report the same to grievance@policybazaar.com
Any employee or customer can also make a protected disclosure (“whistleblower) in writing, duly signed by him, to the FMGT Committee as soon as possible but not later than 15 consecutive days after becoming aware of the same.
If initial enquiries by the FMGT Committee indicate that the concern has no basis, or it is not a matter for which investigation be pursued under this Policy, it may be dismissed at this stage and the decision is to be documented. Where initial enquiries indicate that further investigation is necessary, this will be carried through by the FMGT Committee or by any other person as nominated by the Committee for this purpose. The investigation would be conducted in a fair manner, as a neutral fact-finding process and without presumption of guilt. The name of the Whistle Blower would be kept confidential.
Protected Disclosure may be made anonymously by writing to:
Fraud Management and Governance Team Policybazaar Insurance Brokers Private Limited Plot No. 119, Sector-44, Gurugram-122001, Haryana
If a protected disclosure is made anonymously or otherwise, the Protected Disclosure must provide as much detail and be as specific as possible with respect to the fraudulent activity as defined under this policy, including names and dates, in order to facilitate the investigation.
Reporting to Law Enforcement: On a case-to-case basis, where it is reasonably believed that a fraud has been committed, the Company may report the case to appropriate law enforcement authorities.
Monitoring and Review
FMGT will review the policy at least annually in line with the Company Business, Products and Process and shall align with the amendment any regulatory guidelines that may be issued from time to time, for effective deterrence, controls, prevention, detection and mitigation of frauds. Any revised version shall be submitted to the Information Security Officer along with the FMGT for its review and further recommendation to the Board of Directors for approval.
Annexure A
INDICATIVE LIST OF DIFFERENT TYPES OF FRAUDS
The various type of Frauds that normally is being faced by an online Insurance Intermediary can be classified as below. This list is only a Comprehensive list but not an exhaustive list.
a. Misrepresentation of facts in the Proposal/ Claim form or any other document.
b. Misappropriation of funds.
c. Non-disclosure of material facts.
d. Wrong information pertaining to the claim.
e. Wrong information on the exact cause of loss/damage.
f. Claiming for fictitious damages/loss.
g. Submitting of forged documents by customers.
h. Employee involvement in making fraudulent insurance policies.
i. Employee involvement in forging details of the customer in the proposal form, policy document, or any other document to defraud the Company.
j. Stealing company assets like laptops, computers, cover notes etc.
k. Manipulation/stealing/sharing of Customer data & information in an unauthorized way.
l .Issuing fraudulent policies in the name of the insurance companies (i.e. business partners of the Company) and misrepresenting on behalf of the Company and siphoning of premium amount.
m. Transactions effected through fake or stolen credit card/bank accounts to carry out a transaction in the web portal of the Company.
n. Confidential data of the Company being comprised due to any cyber-attack/hacking of the Company systems.
o. Any other type of online fraud.
p. Compromise due to phishing and malware
INDICATIVE AREAS OF E-COMMERCE FRAUD
a. Illegal hacking.
b. Confidential Company data being compromised due to cyber-attack/ illegal hacking/ access of Company network connection.
c. Bogus online activity generated in an attempt to generate illegitimate revenue.
d. Transactions carried out on Company website using fake/ stolen credit card or bank account details.
e. Compromised mail accounts/ Detection of defacement/intrusion of website.
Please Note: The above list is only illustrative and not exhaustive.
Modified on:
30-Aug-2024