Privacy Policy
Your online privacy
This Privacy Notice describes how Al Ansari Exchange may process our visitors’ personal data including the data provided when visitors access and use:
our
websites
,
our
apps
(including any of our digital sites and apps), or
any of our other
channels
used for financial services, social media, information and promotions (together, our Channels).
Our business has been built on continued trust and confidence between our customers and ourselves. Unless legally required to disclose, we have a commitment to safeguard and keep confidential any information relating to our customers. Whether it is provided to us in person at one of our branches, over the phone, while visiting our website, or any of our digital channels, we will ensure that the information is kept confidential.

All Al Ansari Exchange Companies, its staff and all third parties with permitted access to your information are specifically required to observe our confidentiality obligations.

We will not collect any personal information that identifies a visitor to our channels individually unless specified otherwise. Your visit to our website and digital channels will record only the Domain Name Server part of your email address and our website pages you visited.

Such information will be used to prepare aggregate information about the number of visitors to the site and general statistics on usage patterns.

Some of this information will be gathered through the use of ‘cookies’. Cookies are small pieces of information that are automatically stored on a person’s web browser in their computer that can be retrieved by this site.

You can set your browser to disable persistent cookies and/or session cookies.
Copyright and trademarks
We and other parties own the trademarks and logos displayed on this site and users are prohibited from using these marks without our written permission or of such other parties.

This website and its content is copyright of Al Ansari Exchange © 2022. All rights reserved.

Any redistribution or reproduction of part or all of the contents in any form is prohibited other than the following:

you may print or download extracts for your personal and non-commercial use only you may copy the content to individual third parties for their personal use, but only if you acknowledge the website as the source of the material

You may not, except with our express written permission, distribute or commercially exploit the content. Nor may you transmit it or store it in any other website or other form of electronic retrieval system.
Security
We value your trust and maintain strict security standards and procedures with a view to preventing unauthorized access to your data.  To protect your data, we implemented the most suitable and reliable technology and will continue updating our technology in the future in line with the latest market requirements.

Unfortunately, no data transmission over the internet can be guaranteed as totally secure.

Once we receive your information, we will take all judicious steps to protect the information If we no longer need your information, we will destroy or de-identify it.
Cookies
Our public website uses cookies.

Cookies are pieces of information that a website transfers to the cookie file on your computer’s hard disk. Cookies enable users to navigate around the website and (where appropriate) enable us to tailor the content to fit the needs of visitors who have accessed the site.

Cookies cannot look into your computer and obtain information about you or your family or read any material kept on your hard drive and, cookies cannot be used to identify who you are.

We use analytics and reporting tools to see which pages and links receive the most clicks. Knowing which articles and topics our customers like and which they don’t like helps us improve our content.

We maintain strict security standards and procedures to prevent unauthorized access to information about you. We will never contact you by email or otherwise to ask you to validate personal information such as your emirates ID, or account numbers.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, we advise you to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately, after they are posted on this page.
IMPORTANT: By accessing this website and any of its pages you are agreeing to the terms set out above.
©. Al Ansari Exchange LLC, PO Box 6176, Dubai, UAE is regulated by the Central Bank of the UAE.