Contact Us
In summary, we’ve improved transparency on:
how we collect
information from apps that the user has installed
on their device including but not limited to
installed applications name, installed identifiers, and its version and as further stated in Section 1.2.
, and;
how we send it as anonymous & aggregated data to third parties in order
to improve our service and fraud management from payment and promotion abuse (service provided by SHIELD via
csftr.com
, owned by
shield.com
)
. as stated in Section 2.
Introduction
Last modified: March, 9 2021
This Privacy Policy has been created by PT ICART GROUP INDONESIA (the “Company”, “we”, “us”, “our”, “ICART”, or “HappyFresh”) to protect and maintain the privacy of the users of our Website or App (happyfresh.co.id).
We have provided you with this policy statement to inform you of the kinds of information we may gather during your visit to the HappyFresh’s website (the “Website”) or the mobile device application (the “App”), why we gather customer information, what we use the information for, under what circumstances we may disclose such information, and how you can instruct us to limit the use of that information.
This Privacy Policy is an integral part of our Terms and Conditions. If there is any difference between this Privacy Policy and our Terms and Conditions with regard to privacy matters, the provisions of this Privacy Policy shall prevail.
Please note that in order to use our Services, you must be 18 years old or older. If you are under 18 years old, you will need permission from your parents or legal guardians.
1. Data collected on this website
1.1. IP Address:
When visiting the app, the IP address of the user’s computer is registered to the HappyFresh online system. The IP address is the numerical address of the computer used when visiting the app. The IP address is registered to enable HappyFresh to trace the used computer in case of misuse or unlawful actions in connection with the visit on or use of the app. Further, the IP address is used to derive your approximate location (city level).
1.2 Device information
Device information, not limited to the type of device used to access the application, including hardware model, operating system and its version, software, device ID and its version, language selection, unique software identifier, identifier for advertisers (IDFA), series number, device movement information, cellular network information; and / or name of installed applications on your device, installed application type and its version.
1.3 Data Logs
Data logs, not limited to records on servers that receive data such as device IP address, date and time of access, application features or pages viewed, application work processes and other system activity, browser type, and/or third party sites or services that users use before interacting with our application.
1.4. Current location information
Current location information, not limited to IP address and GPS.
1.5. Personal Information
In order to be able to process your order that you place using our Website or App, we will require you to provide us with a set of personal information that personally identifies you and your delivery location. We receive and store all information that you enter anywhere on the Website, App, or partnered services. This input includes:
1.5.1. Registration forms:
Information including, but not limited to: Name, Address, Telephone Number, E-mail Address.
1.5.2. Order forms:
Information including, but not limited to: Credit Card Number, Expiration Date, and Billing Address.
1.5.3. Delivery Information:
Information including, but not limited to: Name, Address, Telephone Number, Special delivery instructions.
1.5.4. Customer Information:
Information including, but not limited to: Products Ordered, Quantity of Order, Relevant promotional codes, Search History and user ID.
1.5.5. Other customer information:
If you communicate with us by e-mail, or otherwise complete online forms, surveys, ratings, or contest entries, any information provided in such communication
as well as information including but not limited to about how you interacted with our apps, such as features used and content viewed, may be collected as Personal Information.
This information is collectively referred to as “Personal Information.” You may choose not to provide us with certain Personal Information. In such an event, you can still access and view much of the Website or App; however, you may not be able to use our services. In addition, you can choose not to provide certain optional information, but then you might not be able to take full advantage of many of the features on the Website or App.
2. How we use your Personal Information
We use your Personal Information for such purposes which may include but not be limited to:
investigate and address concerns;
monitor and improve our customer support responses;
respond to questions, comments, and feedback;
inform you about steps taken to resolve customer support issues;
processing and filling customer orders;
verifying your qualifications for certain products and services;
billing and transactions;
improving our services;
analysing your spending habits and preferences, and enabling us to provide you with an enhanced and more personalized shopping experience;
communicating with you, and informing you of special offers and discounts;
location to obtain delivery address;
process and manage your rewards;
enable communications between our fleet and users; or
perform internal operations necessary to provide our Services, including troubleshooting software bugs and operational problems, conducting data analysis, testing and research, monitoring and analyzing usage and activity trends.
prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities and ensure you always adhere and comply with our terms of use of our Website or App by identifying the combinations of malicious signals and malware applications in your device.
From time to time, we may also use your Personal Information in ways that may include but not be limited to sending you free samples of new products or product brands different from those you usually order. However, if you wish to “opt-out” from this feature, please see Section 10 of this Privacy Policy.
By accepting this Privacy Policy, you understand and agree that HappyFresh may provide your Personal Information to third parties to the extent necessary or desirable to provide our services such as filling your order or completing your transaction. For example, we may use a third-party supplier for certain goods, an outside shipping company to ship orders, and we do as a matter of course use a credit card processing company to bill users for goods and services. We may also share your Personal Information as described in Sections 5 and 12 below. Except as provided above, and in Sections 5 and 12 below, we will not release your Personal Information to a third party unless you have granted us permission to do so.
3. Sharing of Personal Information
In addition to Section 2 above, we share demographic information,
including but not limited to location, email address, and device information as stated in Section 1.2 with third parties which may include but not be limited to our partners and advertisers on an anonymous and aggregate basis. This type of data is not readily linked to any personally identifiable information. We work closely with third parties, including but not limited to suppliers and credit card processing companies, to bring you our services, including but not limited to localized promotional materials, order shipping, billing, and fraud prevention and/or illegal activity prevention. We also share information when another third party is involved in the transaction so that third party can perform its
functions.
4. Data controller
4.1. The information for which HappyFresh is the data controller, HappyFresh shall be the data controller of the master data you enter in connection with your creation of a profile or registration for newsletters, i.e. your name, your password, and your email address, as well as registration of your IP address. Furthermore, HappyFresh shall be the data controller of the information which is disclosed to other services.
4.2. The information for which you are the data controller, You shall be the data controller of the content you choose to disclose on the Website and for the data disclosed on your profile on Social Networks, which is the consequence of the connection of your profile on the Website with your profile on the Social Network.
5. Data processor
HappyFresh may exclusively use the service provided by an external company for maintaining the technical operation, security, confidentiality of personal data contained in the Website. This company is the data processor with regards to the personal data for which HappyFresh is the data controller.
By accepting this Privacy Policy, You give your personal consent to HappyFresh in allowing the data for which you are the data controller to be processed by the same data processor.
The data processor shall solely act according to instructions from HappyFresh. By accepting these terms and conditions, you also give your consent to HappyFresh to give such instructions to the data processor which are necessary for the processing of data in accordance with this personal data policy and for the purpose of use of the Website.
The data processor has made necessary technical and organizational safety measures against the information being accidentally or illegally destroyed, lost or deteriorated, and against the information coming to the knowledge of unauthorized persons, is misused or in other ways is processed in violation with the act on processing of personal data. On your request – and against remuneration of the data processor’s current hourly rates at any time for such work – the data processor shall supply you with sufficient information to demonstrate that the above-mentioned technical and organizational safety measures have been made. In such situation, HappyFresh will facilitate the request to the data processor.
6. Security measures
HappyFresh will use its reasonable efforts to ensure that recorded data, including personal information, credit card data, passwords and any confidential information, will not be disclosed, transferred, given to, or illegally used by unauthorized persons. In connection with this, HappyFresh will regularly audit its system in order to prevent possible vulnerabilities and attacks. However, since the internet is not a 100% secure environment, HappyFresh cannot, from time to time, ensure or warrant the security of information you transmit to HappyFresh. Information sent via the Website are not encrypted, and HappyFresh, therefore, advises you to prudentially communicate any confidential information through these means.
7. This website uses cookies and in the following we describe what cookies we use and for what purposes. By using our website you accept that we use cookies as described in the following.
7.1. What is a cookie?
Cookies are small information units which the Website places on your computer’s hard disk, on your tablet, or on your smartphone. Cookies contain information that the Website uses to make the communication between you and your web browser more efficient. The cookie does not identify you as an individual user but identifies your computer.
There are two types of cookies – session cookies and persistent cookies. Session cookies are temporary bits of information that are deleted when you exit your web browser. Persistent cookies are more permanent bits of information that are stored and remain on your computer until they are deleted. Persistent cookies delete themselves after a certain period of time but are renewed each time you visit the website. The Website uses session cookies and persistent cookies.
7.2. What type of cookies do we use and for what purposes? We use cookies for
7.2.1. Statistics:
Measuring Website traffic i.e. number of visits on the Website, which domains the visitors come from, which pages the visitors visit on the Website, and in which overall geographical area the visitors are located.
7.2.2. Improvement of the functionalities of the Website:
Optimizing your experience with the Website, which includes remembering your user ID and password when you return to the Website so you do not have to log in again.
7.2.3. Connect with Social Media:
We give you the possibility of connecting with Social Media, such as Facebook.
7.3. Third party cookies
Our Website use cookies from the following third parties:
7.3.1. Google Analytics: for statistical purposes. You can decline cookies from Google Analytics by clicking on this link: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
7.3.2. Facebook: Set by Facebook only if you interact with the Facebook plugin or are already logged into Facebook from another source for the purpose of connecting and integrating with them.
7.3.3. Twitter: Set by Twitter only if you interact with the Twitter plugin or are already logged into Twitter from another source for the purpose of connecting and integrating with them.
7.3.4. Google+: Set by Google only if you interact with the Google+ plugin or are already logged into Google from another source for the purpose of connecting with them.
7.4. Deletion of cookies
If you want to delete the cookies already on your equipment, you can, if you use a PC or a more recent browser, press CTRL + SHIFT + DELETE simultaneously. If the shortcuts do not work on your browser, please visit the support page for the browser in question. Please note that our Website will not work to its full extent if you delete the cookies.
8. Lost or Stolen Information
You must promptly contact us through our Customer Service at +62 21 75924733 and/or send an email to support.indonesia@happyfresh.com if your credit card, user name, or password is lost, stolen, or used without permission. In such an event, we will note that you have canceled your credit card number, user name, or password in our system and will update our records accordingly.
9. Access, correction, and deletion
9.1. Access
Upon written request to HappyFresh via the contact information stated in section 10, HappyFresh shall inform you of the purpose of the processing; who receives the information, and from where the information originates. HappyFresh will provide the above mentioned as soon as reasonably possible.
9.2. Correction and deletion
If you discover that the information which HappyFresh as the data controller process on you is incorrect or misleading, HappyFresh shall make the correction hereof on your request. We recommend that you – if possible – make the correction of such errors yourself.
You may at any time correct or delete any content and information on the Website for which you are the data controller, cf. Section 4.2. If your personal data change, or if you no longer wish to appear on the Website, you may update or delete the information by logging on to your user profile.
When your profile is deleted, all the data associated with your user profile is deleted.
10. How to limit the use of your information
Our users are given the opportunity to “opt-out” of having their information used for purposes not directly related to placement, processing, fulfillment, or delivery of a product order at the point where we ask for the information. If you prefer to “opt-out” and not have us send you material that we think may be of interest to you, such as product information, product samples, and promotional mailings/e-mails from us and sites and companies we own, then you can notify us in one of the following two ways:
10.1. Writing to us at:
PT Icart Group Indonesia
Talavera Office Park 16th Floor Jl. TB. Simatupang Kav 22-26,
Cilandak Barat, Cilandak,
Jakarta
Indonesia
10.2. Emailing us at: support.indonesia@happyfresh.com
11. Changes in the privacy policy
11.1 HappyFresh may at any time make changes to its Privacy Policy with future effect. We will provide reasonable advance notice of any such changes. HappyFresh shall inform the users of the Website of such changes when the users log on to the Website. If you wish, HappyFresh will inform you of your e-mail registered in our data to any substantial changes to the Privacy Policy.
11.2 You agree that the continued use of the Website or App after any posted modified version of the Privacy Policy is your acceptance of the modified Privacy Policy.
12. Disclosure Required by Law
We may disclose Personal Information when required by law or when such action is necessary in order to conform to the edicts of the law or comply with a court order or legal process served upon HappyFresh or any of its officers or principals. We further reserve the right to disclose such information when HappyFresh reasonably believes that it is needed to identify, contact, or bring legal action against a party who may be violating HappyFresh Terms of Condition or may be causing injury to or interference with HappyFresh rights or property, registered customers or potential customers of HappyFresh, or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities.
13. Inquiries regarding the Website or the privacy policy
In case of inquiries regarding HappyFresh’s privacy policy, our processing of personal data, correction of data or your relations to us in general, you are welcome to contact HappyFresh by email at support.indonesia@happyfresh.com.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.
Ok