Roundshot Homepage
Webcams
more information
360° without limits!
multimedia
360°
weather
day and night
photos and videos
panoramas and videos in flexible formats, everytime and everywhere!
our content software allows a cross-media image distribution of your 360° contents - be it on desktop computers, smartphones, large screens or for television broadcasts.
Roundshot VR Drive
360°
spherical
360°
HDR
gigapixel
timelapse
The Roundshot VR Drive is the world's most advanced automated stitching head.
touchscreen technology, very strong motors, a clever software with USB control of the most modern cameras - the Roundshot VR Drive is a VR head with cutting-edge technology!
more information
Roundshot Livecam
360°
weather
day and night
4k
HDR
timelapse
photos and videos
DSL/LTE
360° webcam day & night - welcome to the top class of webcams!
Our Livecam camera models deliver crystal-clear images rich in details at high refreshing intervals . Discover our versatile webcam solutions!
more information
Gallery
Explore some of the most inspiring panoramas by visiting our gallery!
gallery
Distributors
Find a Roundshot dealer in your region.
distributors
News
Overview
Archive
Subscribe to newsletter
subscribe
Our company
Exceptional cameras, manufactured at highest levels of precision and quality Each part of a Roundshot camera is milled from aluminum blocks with high-precision CNC machines. Each camera is hand-assembled in our factory and tested thoroughly.
Workshop
Team
Production
History
Get in Touch!
Enter the Club
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.roundshot.com/en/cookies-privacy-policies.html/26:
Privacy settings
We use cookies and other technologies on our website. Some of them are essential, while others help us to improve this website and your experience. Personal data may be processed (e.g. IP addresses), e.g. for personalised ads and content or ad and content measurement. For more information about how we use your data, please see our privacy policy. You can revoke or adjust your selection at any time under Settings.
Accept all
Accept necessary
Settings
Navigate on Roundshot
Quicknavigation
Home
Navigation
Content
Search
Sitemap
Home
Cookies + Privacy Policies
Cookies + Privacy Policies
The operators of these web pages take the protection of your personal data seriously. We treat your personal data confidentially and in accordance with the statutory data protection regulations as well as the following cookies and data protection guidelines.
We would like to point out that data transmission on the Internet (e.g. when communicating by e-mail) can have security gaps. A complete protection against data access by third parties is not possible.
Cookies Policy
When visiting a roundshot website for the first time, the cookies used are divided into classes, made transparent for the visitor and their cookie preferences are queried. The visitor has the option of accepting all cookies or deactivating all non-essential cookies.
www.roundshot.com / club.roundshot.com / shop.roundshot.com
Essential cookies - required and active by default
Performance and analysis cookies (visitor tracking) - can be deactivated
Web fonts (loading of external fonts or icons) - can be deactivated
Marketing (tracking of users across websites) - can be deactivated
*.roundshot.com (Livecam frontend websites)
Essential cookies - required and active by default
Marketing (tracking of users across websites) - can be deactivated
Our cookies policy is universal across all our web services. By using our web services, you agree to our cookies policy.
Roundshot Cookies Policy [pdf, 192 KB]
Cookie settings
Privacy Policy
We offer various data services for which specific guidelines apply with regard to the possible collection, processing, storage and deletion of personal data.
www.roundshot.com
club.roundshot.com (Login)
shop.roundshot.com (Login)
Website of Seitz Phototechnik AG for marketing + sales purposes
Club website for product registration and software/firmware downloads
Shop site for roundshot products (e-commerce)
Roundshot privacy policy www club shop [pdf, 252 KB]
*.roundshot.com - Livecam frontend web sites
Visualization of Livecam images for our Livecam customers
Roundshot privacy policy frontend [pdf, 256 KB]
backend.roundshot.com (login)
CMS for managing Livecam web content, Livecam images, embeding codes
Roundshot privacy policy backend [pdf, 257 KB]
support.roundshot.com (login)
Roundshot ticket system for processing Livecam issues
Roundshot privacy policy support [pdf, 247 KB]
api.roundshot.com (login)
Interface for authorized roundshot sharing partners to automatically download and distribute images for Roundshot Livecams
Roundshot privacy policy api [pdf, 246 KB]