Privacy Policy
Appropriate safeguards to ensure the security, integrity and privacy of the information are in place. Questions about this application should be directed to the Customer Service Department.
Blinkay Mobility Inc. (“Blinkay”) is committed to maintaining the privacy of your personal information. As part of this commitment, we have adopted the following Privacy Policy to protect users of the “Blinkay®” service. This Privacy Policy complies with the Canadian and USA legislation.
Blinkay commits to the following principles regarding the information collected or used.
Accountability Blinkay is responsible for all personal information in our control. If you have any questions about the manner in which your information is handled, for further information please contact us via
https://www.blinkay.app/en
.
Identifying Purposes At or before the time your information is collected, Blinkay will identify to you the purposes for which your information is collected and will explain the purposes clearly and accurately. Where we need to use or disclose your information for a new purpose which we had not identified previously, before using or disclosing that information for the new purpose, we will identify the new purpose and obtain your consent.
Consent Blinkay will not collect, use or disclose your information without your prior knowledge and consent or as required by law. You can withdraw the consent you have provided for the use or disclosure of your information, subject to legal or contractual restrictions as well as reasonable notice. Blinkay will explain to you the consequences of such withdrawal – for example, we may be unable to provide this service (eg. process your transaction) if you withdraw your consent to the use of your information. Limiting Collection Blinkay will limit the type and amount of information which we collect to that which is necessary to fulfil the purposes we have identified to you.
Limitation of collection Blinkay will only collect the amount and type of information necessary for the purposes we have identified to you.
Limiting Use, Disclosure, and Retention Blinkay will not use or disclose your information for purposes other than those for which it was collected, and which we identified to you, except with your consent or as required or permitted by law. We will retain your information only for as long as is necessary to fulfill the purposes for which your information was collected. We will not disclose your information to any other individual or entity outside of Blinkay, its affiliates or suppliers.
Accuracy Blinkay will ensure that your information is as accurate, complete, and up-to-date as is necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it will be used.
Safeguards Blinkay will protect your information using security safeguards which are appropriate to the sensitivity of your information.
Openness Blinkay is open about our policies and practices with respect to the management of your information. Otherwise, you may contact us via
https://www.blinkay.app/en/
to obtain information regarding the management by Blinkay of your information.
Individual Access Where you provide Blinkay with a written request and upon reasonable notice, we will advise you as to whether we maintain information about you and the manner in which it has been used. Where possible, we will give you access to the information to which you have requested access. If we are unable to provide you with such access, we will advise you of the reason for this. You may challenge the accuracy and completeness of your information and, where you demonstrate that your information is inaccurate or incomplete, we will amend it as appropriate.
Challenging Compliance If you have any questions regarding compliance with this Privacy Policy, you can contact the Blinkay Customer Relations Centre at
support-na@blinkay.com
.
Notice of Change to Privacy Policy Blinkay reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy and information handling practices. We will acknowledge, in a timely manner, any changes in this Privacy Policy.