This website uses cookie to ensure you get the best experience on our website.
Learn more
If you decline, your information won’t be tracked when you visit this website. A single cookie will be used in your browser to remember your preference not to be tracked.
Accept
Decline
Privacy
Protecting and respecting your data
Home
»
Company
»
Privacy
We care about your privacy
This privacy policy sets out how iSAMS Ltd. uses and protects any information that you provide when you use this website.
We are committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
iSAMS Ltd. may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
This privacy policy is effective from 25th May 2018.
We encourage you to check this site periodically and review the most recent Privacy Policy, as indicated by the Effective Date shown above.
What we collect
In certain pages of this website, we may request that you provide us with your personal information through various contact forms. Whether or not to provide such personal information is completely at your own choice.
Name and job title
Contact information including email address
Demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
Other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
Information we collect
When visitors use this website, we collect and aggregate information indicating, among other things, which pages were visited, the order in which they were visited, and which links were “clicked.” Collecting such information involves the collection and logging of IP addresses, operating system, and browser software used by each user of the website. Although such information is not always considered personal information, we can determine from the IP address a visitor’s Internet Service Provider and the geographic location of his or her point of connectivity.
Third party websites
To support the delivery of our services, iSAMS Ltd. uses service providers that may store and process personal data.  iSAMS Ltd. uses the following processors and is satisfied that they meet the obligations required by iSAMS Ltd. and the GDPR.
Service providers that store and process personal customer data for iSAMS Ltd where iSAMS Ltd acts as the data controller:
Providers
Processing Activities
Zendesk
Helpdesk service
Arlo
Training booking service
Salesforce
CRM service
Zendesk
Community forum
HubSpot
Email service
Aha
Product feedback service
LearnWorlds
E-learning platform
Service providers that store and process personal customer data for our clients where iSAMS Ltd acts as the data processor:
Providers
Processing Activities
Azure
Hosting service
Zendesk
Helpdesk service
Gainsight
Installs project management service
SendGrid
Email service
Campaign Monitor
Email service
As iSAMS Ltd. grows the processors we use may also change.
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
We will only transfer your personal data to countries or organisations which have been deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for personal data by the European Commission.
How long we keep your personal data
We will hold all the data for so long as we have an obligation to the customer to provide the services and support.
Your personal information will be deleted on one of the following occurrences:
deletion of your personal information by you (or by another person engaged by the Customer); or receipt of a written request by you (or another person engaged by the Customer) to us.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
Whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes.
If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to us at our postal address or emailing us at sales @ isams.com
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation 2016 (Regulation (EU) 2016/679). There is no fee for subject access requests unless the request is
manifestly unfounded or excessive
. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to:
iSAMS Ltd
4th Floor Heathrow Approach
470 London Road
Slough
SL3 8QY
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please let us know as soon as possible, by writing to the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.