This Privacy Policy describes how RoadWarrior LLC (collectively, “RoadWarrior,” “we,” “us,” or “our”) collects, uses, discloses, and safeguards personal information. This Privacy Policy also tells you about your rights and choices with respect to your personal information, and how you can reach us to get answers to your questions. We may process your personal information, as defined in this Privacy Policy, through your online and off-line interactions with us through RoadWarrior products, communications, and digital properties (including websites, online platforms, and mobile applications) that refer to this Privacy Policy and where RoadWarrior may obtain and control your personal information from a third party (collectively, the “Services”).You can access specific topics on this Privacy Policy by clicking on the relevant links below:
Types Of Information We Collect.
Use And Processing Of Information.
Disclosure Of Information to Third Parties.
Your Choices.
How We Protect Personal Information.
Other Important Information.
Contact Information.
Types Of Information We Collect
The following provides examples of the type of information that we collect from you and how we use that information.
Context
Types of Data
Primary Purpose for Collection and Use of Data
Account Registration
We collect your name and contact information when you create an account. We also collect information relating to the actions that you perform while logged into your account.
We have a legitimate interest in providing account related functionalities to our users. Accounts can be used for easy checkout and to save your preferences and transaction history.
Information about Customers and Drivers
We may collect the name, and contact information, of our customers and their drivers, such as their contact information and where they are located.
We have a legitimate interest in contacting our customers and communicating with them concerning normal business administration such as projects, Service, and billing.
Cookies and first party tracking
We use cookies and clear GIFs. “Cookies” are small pieces of information that a website sends to a computer’s hard drive while a web site is viewed.
We have a legitimate interest in making our website operate efficiently.
Demographic Information
We collect personal information, such as your location.
We have a legitimate interest in understanding our users and providing tailored Service.
Cookies and first party tracking
We use cookies and clear GIFs. “Cookies” are small pieces of information that a website sends to a computer’s hard drive while a web site is viewed.
We have a legitimate interest in making our website operate efficiently.
Demographic Information
We collect personal information, such as your location.
We have a legitimate interest in understanding our users and providing tailored Service.
Cookies and first party tracking
We use cookies and clear GIFs. “Cookies” are small pieces of information that a website sends to a computer’s hard drive while a web site is viewed.
We have a legitimate interest in making our website operate efficiently.
Demographic Information
We collect personal information, such as your location.
We have a legitimate interest in understanding our users and providing tailored Service.
Cookies and first party tracking
We use cookies and clear GIFs. “Cookies” are small pieces of information that a website sends to a computer’s hard drive while a web site is viewed.
We have a legitimate interest in making our website operate efficiently.
Demographic Information
We collect personal information, such as your location.
We have a legitimate interest in understanding our users and providing tailored Service.
Distance Information
When you use Apps we collect your location from the GPS, Wi-Fi, and/or cellular technology in your device to determine your location and provide our Services to you.
We have a legitimate interest in understanding our users and providing tailored Service.
Email Interconnectivity
If you receive email from us, we use certain tools to capture data related to when you open our message, click on any links or banners it contains and make purchases.
We have a legitimate interest in understanding how you interact with our communications to you.
Feedback/Support
If you provide us feedback or contact us for support we will collect your name and e-mail address, as well as any other content that you send to us, in order to reply.
We have a legitimate interest in receiving, and acting upon, your feedback or issues.
Mailing List
When you sign up for one of our mailing lists we collect your email address or postal address.
We disclose information about our products and Service with individuals that consent to receive such information. We also have a legitimate interest in sharing information about our products or Services.
Mobile Devices
We collect information from your mobile device such as unique identifying information broadcast from your device when using our Services.
We have a legitimate interest in identifying unique visitors, and in understanding how users interact with us on their mobile devices.
Website interactions
We use technology to monitor how you interact with our website. This may include which links you click on, or information that you type into our online forms. This may also include information about your device or browser.
We have a legitimate interest in understanding how you interact with our website to better improve it, and to understand your preferences and interests in order to select offerings that you might find most useful. We also have a legitimate interest in detecting and preventing fraud.
Web logs
We collect information, including your browser type, operating system, Internet Protocol (IP) address (a number that is automatically assigned to a computer when the Internet is used), domain name, click-activity, referring website, and/or a date/time stamp for visitors.
We have a legitimate interest in monitoring our networks and the visitors to our websites. Among other things, it helps us understand which of our Services is the most popular.
In addition to the information that we collect from you directly, we may also receive information about you from other sources, including third parties, business partners, our affiliates, or publicly available sources.
Use And Processing Of Information
In addition to the purposes and uses described above, we use information in the following ways:
To identify you when you visit our website.
To provide our Services.
To improve our Services and offerings.
To streamline the checkout process.
To conduct analytics.
To respond to inquiries related to support or other requests.
To send marketing and promotional materials including information relating to our Services.
For internal administrative purposes, as well as to manage our relationships.
Although the sections above describe our primary purpose in collecting your information, in many situations we have more than one purpose. For example, if you complete an online purchase we may collect your information to perform our contract with you, but we also collect your information as we have a legitimate interest in maintaining your information after your transaction is complete so that we can quickly and easily respond to any questions about your order. As a result, our collection and processing of your information is based in different contexts upon your consent, our need to perform a contract, our obligations under law, and/or our legitimate interest in conducting our business.
Disclosure Of Information to Third Parties
In addition to the specific situations discussed elsewhere in this policy, we disclose information in the following situations:
Affiliates and Acquisitions.
We may disclose information to our corporate affiliates (e.g., parent company, sister companies, subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under common control). If another company acquires, or plans to acquire, our company, business, or our assets, we will also disclose information to that company, including at the negotiation stage.
Other Disclosures with Your Consent.
We may ask if you would like us to disclose your information to other unaffiliated third parties who are not described elsewhere in this policy.
Other Disclosures without Your Consent.
We may disclose information in response to subpoenas, warrants, or court orders, or in connection with any legal process, or to comply with relevant laws. We may also disclose your information in order to establish or exercise our rights, to defend against a legal claim, to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding possible illegal activities, suspected fraud, safety of person or property, or a violation of our policies, or to comply with your request for the shipment of products to or the provision of services by a third party intermediary.
Service Providers.
We may disclose your information to service providers. Among other things service providers may help us to administer our website, conduct surveys, provide technical support, process payments, and assist in the fulfillment of orders.
Your Choices
Depending on where you live, you may have certain rights with respect to your personal information:
Access To Your Personal Information.
You may request access to your personal information by contacting us at the address described below. If required by law, upon request, we will grant you reasonable access to the personal information that we have about you.
Changes To Your Personal Information.
We rely on you to update and correct your personal information. Most of our websites allow you to modify or delete your account profile. If our website does not permit you to update or correct certain information, you may contact us at the address described below in order to request that your information be modified. Note that we may keep historical information in our backup files as permitted by law.
Deletion Of Your Personal Information.
Typically we retain your personal information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this policy, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law. You may request that we delete your personal information by contacting us at the address described below. If required by law we will grant a request to delete information, but you should note that in many situations we must keep your personal information to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, enforce our agreements, or for another one of our business purposes.
Online Tracking.
We do not currently recognize automated browser signals regarding tracking mechanisms, which may include “Do Not Track” instructions.
Promotional Emails.
You may choose to provide us with your email address for the purpose of allowing us to send free newsletters, surveys, offers, and other promotional materials to you, as well as targeted offers from third parties. You can stop receiving promotional emails by following the unsubscribe instructions in e-mails that you receive. If you decide not to receive promotional emails, we may still send you Service related communications.
Revocation Of Consent.
If you revoke your consent for the processing of personal information, we may no longer be able to provide you Services. In some cases, we may limit or deny your request to revoke consent if the law permits or requires us to do so, or if we are unable to adequately verify your identity. You may revoke consent to processing (where such processing is based upon consent) by contacting us at the address described below.
Data Portability.
You may have the right to request that we provide the personal information which you provided to us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format; and you may have the right to transmit such personal information to another entity.
Restriction of Processing.
You may have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information.
Please address written requests and questions about your rights to
support@roadwarrior.app
or you may contact our Data Protection Officer Rick Kennedy via post at 1919 14th Street, Suite 700, Boulder, CO 80302.
Note that, as required by law and if applicable, we will require you to prove your identity. We may verify your identity by phone call or email. Depending on your request, we will ask for information such as your name or the date of your last purchase from us. We may also ask you to provide a signed declaration confirming your identity. Following a request, we will use reasonable efforts to supply, correct or delete personal information about you in our files.
How We Protect Personal Information
No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is fully secure. While we use reasonable efforts to protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information. In the event that we are required by law to inform you of a breach to your personal information we may notify you electronically, in writing, or by telephone, if permitted to do so by law.
Some of our websites permit you to create an account. When you do you will be prompted to create a password. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password, and you are responsible for any access to or use of your account by someone else that has obtained your password, whether or not such access or use has been authorized by you. You should notify us of any unauthorized use of your password or account.
Other Important Information
The following additional information relates to our privacy practices:
Transmission Of Information To Other Countries.
Your information may be processed in a foreign country where privacy laws may be less stringent than the laws in your country. Nonetheless, where possible we take steps to treat personal information using the same privacy principles that apply pursuant to the law of the country in which we first received your information. By submitting your personal information to us you agree to the transfer, storage and processing of your information in a country other than your country of residence including, but not necessarily limited to, the United States.
Third Party Applications/Websites.
We have no control over the privacy practices of websites or applications that we do not own.
Changes To This Privacy Policy.
We may change our privacy policy and practices over time. To the extent that our policy changes in a material way, the policy that was in place at the time that you submitted personal information to us will generally govern that information unless we receive your consent to the new privacy policy. Our privacy policy includes an “effective” and “last updated” date. The effective date refers to the date that the current version took effect. The last updated date refers to the date that the current version was last substantively modified.
Accessibility.
If you are visually impaired, you may access this notice through your browser’s audio reader.
Children.
Our Services are for adults over the age of 18. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 (or the relevant age in your location). Children are not permitted to use the Services.
Contact Information
If you have questions or comments about this notice, you may contact our Data Protection Officer (DPO), Rick Kennedy, by email at
support@roadwarrior.app
, or by post to:
RoadWarrior LLC
1919 14th Street, Suite 700
Boulder, CO 80302
United States
Last Update: 11/30/2021