Privacy Policy
For users outside of the United States,
click here
.
Last Reviewed/Effective Date: December 4th, 2023
Your privacy is important to us. This Privacy Statement and Disclosure describes the types of information Anova collects when you visit our website, use our mobile applications or Wi-Fi-connected appliances, or otherwise interact with us. This Privacy Statement also explains how Anova may use and disclose such information, and your ability to control certain uses of it.
Your Right to Know
Your Right to Delete
Your Right to Correct
How to submit a Consumer Data Request
Your Right to Appeal
Your Right to Opt-Out
Your Right to Non-Discrimination
Changes to our privacy notice
Our contact information
YOUR RIGHT TO KNOW
You have the right to request access to the personal information about you that Anova has collected, used, disclosed, and sold in the last 12 months. We collect personal information, which means information that identifies, relates to, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with you or your household.
Within the last 12 months, as you interact with us, directly, through third parties, or online, we may collect and disclose the following categories of personal information:
Identifiers:
Name, address, email address, phone number, or other similar identifiers.
We collect this information when you provide it to us by registering your product, setting up your connected appliance, requesting service, submitting a rebate form, entering a sweepstakes, creating an online account, or otherwise interacting with us. We may also purchase such information from third parties. We use this information to offer or provide products, services or information about your product, administer promotions and other marketing efforts, improve our products and services, and for our internal operations purposes. This information may be disclosed to our service providers such as product technicians, logistics providers, extended warranty providers, payment processors, financial service providers, digital and other marketing partners, email distribution service providers, consultants, and customer relationship management tool providers.  We do not disclose this information in exchange for money.
Commercial Information:
Including records of products or services purchased and usage or performance of those products or services, and product reviews.
We collect this information when you provide it to us by submitting a review, requesting service, entering a sweepstakes, registering your product, or using a connected appliance. We use this information to provide products, services or information at your request. We also use this information to provide additional information to you about your product, to administer promotions and other marketing efforts, to improve our products and services, and for our internal operations purposes. The categories of information identified above may be disclosed to our affiliates and service providers such as product servicers, logistics providers, extended warranty providers, payment processors, financial service providers, digital and other marketing partners, email distribution service providers, consultants, and customer relationship management tool providers.
Audio Recordings:
Including consumer service calls.
We collect this information when you call our consumer service number.  We use this information for training purposes and to improve our products and services. We disclose this information to our call center service providers and consultants.  Anova will retain this information for 14 days.
Internet or Other Similar Network Activity:
Including browsing history, search history, and information regarding your interaction with our website, apps, or advertisements.
We collect this information automatically from your devices when you use the Anova website. We use this information to improve our products or services, provide website and app functionality, and offer relevant, targeted advertising. We disclose this information to digital and other marketing partners, consultants, and service providers.
Geolocation Data:
Non-precise location data generated from your device’s IP address.
We collect this information automatically from your device when you use the Anova website in order to provide projected delivery dates. We disclose this information to digital and other marketing partners and service providers.
Anova does not collect the personal information of known minors or sensitive personal information.
YOUR RIGHT TO REQUEST DELETION OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
You have the right to request that Anova delete any of your personal information collected or maintained by Anova, as described below. Please note, as permitted by law, we may deny your deletion request to complete a transaction, detect security incidents, prevent fraudulent or illegal activities, identify and repair errors, comply with court rules or orders, laws and regulations, and for other solely internal and lawful purposes.
YOUR RIGHT TO CORRECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
You have the right to request that Anova correct any of your personal information collected or maintained by Anova. You may do so by submitting a Consumer Data Request as described below.
SUBMITTING A CONSUMER DATA REQUEST
You may submit a consumer data request for information, deletion or correction, by providing your name, address, email address, and other related information to
anova.privacy@electrolux.com
or by calling 855.421.8282. We will only use personal information provided in the consumer data request to verify your identity or authority to make the request. We cannot respond to your request if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request. You may use an authorized agent to submit a request as authorized by applicable law or with proof of signed permission and confirmation of your identity.
We will typically respond to your request within 45 days, if we are able to verify your identity. While Anova endeavors to fulfill all consumer data requests within this time frame, it will prioritize requests from consumers located in jurisdiction where it is legally required to respond and reserves the right to deny requests from consumers located in jurisdiction where it is not legally required to respond.
You may only make a consumer data request to know information twice within a 12-month period.  We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your consumer data request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request. We do not knowingly collect information of minors.
YOUR RIGHT TO APPEAL
If you are not satisfied with our response to your consumer data request, you may appeal by emailing
anova.privacy@electrolux.com
. In your email, please state why you were not satisfied with our initial response.
YOUR RIGHT TO OPT-OUT
We disclose Internet or Other Similar Network Activity information in exchange for advertising assistance and other valuable services. Such disclosure may be a “sale” even if no money is exchanged.
You have the right to direct Anova to stop disclosing your Internet or Other Similar Network Activity information, and to refrain from doing so in the future, which is called the “Right to Opt-Out.”  You may exercise your Right to Opt-Out by clicking
Do Not Sell My Information
.
YOUR RIGHT TO NON-DISCRIMINATION FOR THE EXERCISE OF A PRIVACY RIGHT
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any privacy rights. We will not:
Deny you goods or services.
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.
Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
We may offer financial incentives, as permitted by law, which can result in different prices, rates, or quality levels. Any such incentive will be reasonably related to your personal information’s value. We will provide a written description of the material terms of the incentive. Participation in a financial incentive requires your prior opt-in consent, which you may revoke at any time.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY NOTICE
Anova may amend this privacy notice at our discretion and at any time. When we make changes to this privacy notice, we will post the updated notice on the website and app and update the notice’s effective date. Your continued use of our website, products or app following the posting of changes constitutes your acceptance of such changes.
CONTACT FOR MORE INFORMATION
If you have any questions or comments about this notice, the ways in which Anova collects and uses your information, your choices and rights regarding such use, please do not hesitate to contact us at:
Phone:
1.855.421.8282
Consumer Data Privacy Request:
anova.privacy@electrolux.com
Address:          Anova Applied Electronics, Inc
180 Steuart Street #192843
San Francisco, CA 94105
855.421.8282