Menu
Home
Daily Shows
Web Exclusives
Topics
Columns
Editions
English
Español
Follow
Daily Digest
RSS & Podcasts
Android App
iPhone App
Democracy Now!
About
Events
Contact
Stations
Get Involved
Education
Jobs
For Broadcasters
Donor Privacy Policy
Democracy Now! is committed to protecting the privacy of our supporters. We do not sell, trade, rent or otherwise share donors’ personal information, nor send donor mailings on behalf of other organizations.
Democracy Now!’s website uses an online order form for donations that does not store or retain credit card numbers after a donation has been completed. We use the industry standard
SSL
security protocol to encrypt all donor information. This protocol ensures that sensitive data, such as credit card numbers, addresses, phone numbers, etc. cannot be read or intercepted in transit. Our website has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control.
Information provided to Democracy Now! by donors will be used for the express purpose of processing, acknowledging and managing your contributions, and to keep you updated on our work and progress. If you opt in, we will use your email address to send you updates, opportunities and alerts about Democracy Now!  If you would prefer not to receive email or mail updates from Democracy Now!, please let us know by
sending an email
or calling 212-431-9090 option 2.
Daily News Digest
Our Daily Digest brings Democracy Now! to your inbox each morning.
Most popular
1
Elon Musk Says
DOGE
Is Coming for Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid and More
2
“Impeachment Is a Remedy for a Runaway President”: Rep. Al Green on Why He Disrupted Trump’s Address
3
Mahmoud Khalil:
ICE
Detains Green Card Holder over Columbia University Gaza Activism
4
“Impeach Trump Again”: John Bonifaz on Fighting Trump’s Lawlessness, Corruption & Attacks on Judges
Non-commercial news needs your support
We rely on contributions from our  viewers and listeners to do our work.
Please do your part today.
Make a donation