Welcome to Yodo1’s Privacy Policy.
Last update: May 24,2018
What does this Privacy Policy Cover?
Yodo1 respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your Personal Data. We want to be transparent with you about how we collect and use your Personal Data in making available our games, (“Site”) and tell you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you.
With that in mind, this Privacy Policy is designed to describe:
Who we are and how to contact us.
Your rights relating to your Personal Data.
What Personal Data we collect.
How we use your Personal Data and why.
What happens when you do not provide necessary Personal Data?
Personal Data from Third Party Sources.
How we use cookies and other tracking or profiling technologies.
Who we share your Personal Data with.
How we keep your Personal Data secure.
How long we store your Personal Data.
Our policy on children.
Third party links.
This Privacy Policy aims to give you information on how Yodo1 collects and processes your Personal Data through your use of this Site, including any data you may provide through this Site.
The Privacy Policy is intended to meet our duties of Transparency under the “General Data Protection Regulation” or “GDPR”.
We will post any modifications or changes to this Privacy Policy on this page.
Who we are and how to contact us.
Who we are.
Yodo1 Ltd is the Controller (for the purposes of the GDPR) of your Personal Data (referred to as either “Yodo1”, “we”, “us” or “our” in this Privacy Policy).
Our address is: Room A, 22/F Southtex Building, NO.51 Tsun Yip Street, Kwun Tong, Kowloon, Hong Kong.
How to contact us.
You can contact us by emailing:
privacy@yodo1.com
.
Our EU Representative
As Yodo1 does not have an establishment in the European Union, we have appointed a representative based in
England
, who you may address to raise any issues or queries you may have relating to our processing of your Personal Data and/or this Privacy Policy more generally.
Our EU representative can be contacted directly by emailing them at the following address:
EURep@Yodo1.com
.
Your rights relating to your Personal Data.
Your rights in connection with your Personal Data
Under certain circumstances, by law you have the right to:
Request access to your Personal Data
. This enables you to receive a copy of the Personal Data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
Request correction of the Personal Data that we hold about you
. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate information we hold about you corrected.
Request erasure of your Personal Data
. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove Personal Data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it (including legal requirements to keep such data). You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your Personal Data where you have exercised your right to object to processing (see below).
Object to processing of your
Personal Data
. This right exists where we are relying on a Legitimate Interest as the legal basis for our processing and there is something about your particular situation, which makes you want to object to processing on this ground.
Request the restriction of processing of your Personal Data
. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of Personal Data about you, for example if you want us to establish its accuracy or the reason for processing it.
Request the transfer of your Personal Data
. We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your Personal Data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you.
Withdraw consent
. This right only exists where we are relying on consent to process your Personal Data (“
Consent Withdrawal
”). If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide you with access to the certain specific functionalities of our Site. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.
How to exercise your rights
If you want to exercise any of the rights described above, please contact us using the contact details shown
here
.
Typically, you will not have to pay a fee to access your Personal Data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, except in relation to Consent Withdrawal, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive, or, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your Personal Data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that Personal Data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
Complaints
If you would like to make a complaint regarding this Privacy Policy or our practices in relation to your Personal Data, please contact us at:
privacy@yodo1.com.
We will reply to your complaint as soon as we can.
If you feel that your complaint has not been adequately resolved, please note that the GDPR gives you the right to contact your local data protection supervisory authority. You can find your data protection regulator
here
.
What Personal Data we collect.
All the Personal Data we collect, both from you and from third parties about you, is outlined in the table below.
Before you read that table, it might be useful to explain what “Personal Data” is. The GDPR definition of Personal Data can be found
here
. Essentially, it boils down to: information about an individual, from which that individual is either directly identified or can be identified.
It does
not
include ‘anonymous data’ (i.e., information where the identity of individual has been permanently removed).
However, it does include ‘indirect identifiers’ or ‘pseudonymous data’ (i.e., information which alone doesn’t identify an individual but, when combined with certain additional and reasonably accessible information, could be attributed to a particular person).
Category of Personal Data collected
What this means
Identity Data
Depending on the game you download, this may include your first name, surname, last name, username, Game Centre ID, social network ID such as Google+ (if you sign up that way), or similar identifier, title,
age
and gender.
Contact Data
Your email address and telephone numbers.
Transaction Data
Any details about payments to and from you and other details of subscriptions and services you have purchased from us (including in-game purchases). Data in respect of your transactions with third parties, including payments [in relation to the Yodo1 games] made through the app store. This does not include your bank account or payment card details.
Behavioural Data
Inferred or assumed information relating to your behaviour and interests, based on your online (including in-game) activity. This is most often collated and grouped into “segments”.
Technical Data
Internet protocol (IP) address, your login data
, app ID and version
, browser type and version,
timestamp,
time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access this website or use our services.
User Content Data
Any Personal Data that you post on our Site in user-generated information and content, including in text, photos, videos, private chats, and feedback.
Aggregated Data
We also collect, use and share “
Aggregated Data
” such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated Data may be derived from your Personal Data, but once in aggregated form it will not constitute considered Personal Data for the purposes of the GDPR as this data does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate your Behavioural Data and Technical Data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific Site feature. However, if we combine or connect Aggregated Data with your Personal Data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as Personal Data which will be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
No Special Categories of Personal Data
We do not collect any“
Special Categories of Personal Data
” about you (this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data). Nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.
How we use your Personal Data and why.
We will only use your Personal Data for the purposes for which we collected it as listed below, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose.
If we need to use your Personal Data for an unrelated purpose, we will
update this Privacy Policy
and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
What is our “legal basis” for processing your Personal Data?
In respect of each of the purposes for which we use your Personal Data, the GDPR requires us to ensure that we have a “legal basis” for that use. Most commonly, we will rely on one of the following legal bases:
Where we need to perform a contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you (“
Contractual Necessity
”).
Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests (“
Legitimate Interests
”). More detail about the specific legitimate interests pursued in respect of each Purpose we use your Personal Data for is set out in the table below.
Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation (“
Compliance with Law
”).
Where we have your specific consent to carry out the processing for the Purpose in question (“
Consent
”).
Generally we do not rely on your Consent as a legal basis for using your Personal Data.
We have set out below, in a table format, the legal bases we rely on in respect of the relevant Purposes for which we use your Personal Data.
Purpose
Category(ies) of Personal Data involved
Why do we do this
Our legal basis for this use of data
Account Creation
Identity Data
Contact Data
To register you as a new customer.
Contractual Necessity.
Game Operations
Identity Data
Contact Data
User Content Data
Behavioural Data
To allow you to
interact
with other users of our Sites. To keep improving our Sites, games, our services and associated systems.
Legitimate Interests.
We have a legitimate interest in improving, and ensuring the proper operation of, our services, Sites and associated IT services and networks.
In-
g
ame
Purchase
Identity Data
Contact Data
Transaction Data
To process and deliver your orders including manage in-game purchases.
Contractual Necessity.
Fraud Prevention
Identity Data
Contact Data
Technical Data
To keep our website, our services and associated systems operational and secure.
Legitimate Interests.
We have a legitimate interest in ensuring the ongoing security and proper operation of our services, website and associated IT services and networks.
Troubleshooting
Technical Data
To track issues that might be occurring on our systems.
Legitimate Interests.
It is in our legitimate interests that we are able to monitor and ensure the proper operation of our Sites and associated systems and services.
What happens when you do not provide necessary Personal Data?
Where we
need
to process your Personal Data either to comply with law, or to perform the terms of a contract we have with you and you fail to provide that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you (for example, to provide you with the functionalities of the Site).
In this case, we may have to stop you using our Site.
Personal Data from Third Party Sources
In addition to the Personal Data that we collect directly from you (as described in the section immediately above this one), we also collect certain of your Personal Data from third party sources. These sources are broken down in the table below, together with a description of whether they are publicly available or not.
Third party data source
Publicly available?
Category(
ies
) or other types of personal data received.
Social Media sites
Yes
Identity Data
Contact Data
Analytics Providers
No
Behavioural Data
Transaction Data
Technical Data
Game Developers – where you did not download the game from the Yodo1 Sites
No
Identity Data
Contact Data
Behavioural Data
Transaction Data
Technical Data
How we use cookies & other tracking or profiling technologies.
Cookies.
What are cookies?
We may collect information using “cookies”. Cookies are small data files stored on the hard drive of your computer or mobile device by a website. We may use both session cookies (which expire once you close your web browser) and persistent cookies (which stay on your computer or mobile device until you delete them) to provide you with a more personal and interactive experience on our Site.
We use two broad categories of cookies:
first party cookies, served directly by us to your computer or mobile device; and
third party cookies, which are served by our partners or service providers on our Site.
Cookies we use
Our Site uses the following types of cookies
and other tracking technologies
for the purposes set out below:
Type of cookie
Purpose
Essential Cookies
These cookies are essential to provide you with services available through our Site and to enable you to use some of its features. Without these cookies, the services that you have asked for cannot be provided, and we only use these cookies to provide you with those services.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies allow our Site to remember choices you make when you use our Site, such as remembering your language preferences, remembering your login details and remembering the changes you make to other parts of our Site which you can customise. The purpose of these cookies is to provide you with a more personal experience and to avoid you having to re-enter your preferences every time you visit our Site.
Analytics and Performance Cookies
These cookies are used to collect information about traffic to our Site and how users use our Site. The information gathered via these cookies does not “directly” identify any individual visitor. However, it may render such visitors “indirectly identifiable”. This is because the information collected is typically linked to a pseudonymous identifier associated with the device you use to access our Site.
The information collected is aggregated and anonymous. It includes the number of visitors to our Site, the websites that referred them to our Site, the pages they visited on our Site, what time of day they visited our Site, whether they have visited our Site before, and other similar information. We use this information to help operate our Site more efficiently, to gather broad demographic information and to monitor the level of activity on our Site.
We use Google Analytics for this purpose. Google Analytics uses its own cookies.
It is only used to improve how our Site works.
You can find out more information about Google Analytics cookies here:
https://developers.google.com/analytics/resources/concepts/gaConceptsCookies
You can find out more about how Google protects your data here:
www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html
We also use Baidu Tongji for this purpose.
You can find out more information about how Baidu Tongji cookies
here
.
You can find out more about how Baidu Tongji protects your data
here
. For more information on our use of the Baidu Tongii services, please contact us
here
:
Targeted and advertising
technologies
These
tracking technologies
track your browsing habits to enable us to show advertising which is more likely to be of interest to you.
They
use information about your browsing history to group you with other users who have similar interests. Based on that information, and with our permission, third party advertisers can place cookies
and/or similar technologies
to enable them to show adverts which we think will be relevant to your interests while you are on third party websites
or
mobile
app
lication
s
.
See
“Mobile Advertising Identifiers”
below,
for further information
on the targeted and advertising technologies we use
on your mobil
e applications
.
Social Media Cookies
These cookies are used when you share information using a social media sharing button or “like” button on our Site or you link your account or engage with our content on or through a social networking website such as Facebook, Twitter or Google+. The social network will record that you have done this.
Disabling cookies
You can typically remove or reject cookies via your browser settings. In order to do this, follow the instructions provided by your browser (usually located within the “settings”, “help” “tools” or “edit” facility).  Many browsers are set to accept cookies until you change your settings.
If you do not accept our cookies, you may experience some inconvenience in your use of our Site. For example, we may not be able to recognise your computer or mobile device and you may need to log in every time you visit our Site.
Further information about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set on your computer or mobile device and how to manage and delete them, visit
www.allaboutcookies.org
.
In particular, you can disable cookies which remember your browsing habits and target advertising at you by visiting
http://www.youronlinechoices.com/uk/your-ad-choices
. If you choose to remove targeted or advertising cookies, you will still see adverts but they may not be relevant to you. Even if you do choose to remove cookies by the companies listed at the above link, not all companies that serve online behavioral advertising are included in this list, and so you may still receive some cookies and tailored adverts from companies that are not listed.
You can also prevent the use of Google Analytics relating to your use of our Site by
downloading
and installing the browser plugin available via this link:
http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en-GB
Web Storage:
localStorage
We may also use localStorage which is a way to store persistent data
,
such as tracking ID
,
locally on your
web
browser
(i.e. information is
not
transferred to the server)
.
This technol
ogy fulfils a similar purpose as cookies, but is more secure and allows the storage of larger amounts of data.
Blocking/Clearing localStorage
Same as Cookies.
Clearing Cache and Local Storage:
Chrome
Safari
Firefox
Mobile Advertising Identifiers
We, or third party Ad Networks, may collect, and may associate information with, mobile advertising IDs (such as iOS Advertising Identifiers and Google’s Advertising IDs) on the Sites. These are
unique identifiers (which are resettable) set by the applicable mobile operating system provider (“
Mobile Advertising IDs
”).
How to opt-out of / reset Mobile Advertising IDs
iOS
:
Go to
’Settings’
Scroll down to ‘
Privacy’
Scroll down to ‘
Advertising’
Shift the ‘
Limit Ad Tracking
’ slider to the right.
Reset your iOS Advertising Identifier: if at any time you wish to reset your iOS Advertising Identifier, you can do so by replacing the final step with “
Click on ‘Reset Advertising Identifier
’”.
Android
:
Go to
‘Settings’
Scroll down and click on
‘Google’
Scroll down and click on
‘Ads’
Shift the
‘Opt out of Ads Personalisation‘
slider to the right.
Reset your Android Advertising ID: if at any time you wish to reset your Android Advertising ID, you can do so by replacing the final step with “
Click on ‘Reset advertising id
’”.
We provide access to our Sites third party
Ad Networks and they will directly collect and process information via the above cookies and other tracking technologies. This is so Ad Networks can serve you with content that is tailored to your preferences. Ad Networks are controllers of the Personal Data that is collected in that way (i.e. they decide of the purposes and means of processing such data, independently of our instructions). For more information on such Ad Networks’ collection and processing of your Personal Data, please see the relevant Ad Networks’ privacy policies. For ease of reference, we provide here links to such Ad Networks privacy policies:
Unity Ads:
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Admob
: https://policies.google.com/privacy
Vungle
: https://vungle.com/privacy/
AdColony
: https://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/
AppLovin
:
https://www.applovin.com/privacy/
Tapjoy
: https://www.tapjoy.com/legal/#privacy-policy
Inmobi
: https://www.inmobi.cn/privacy-policy-for-eea/
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
Chartboost: https://answers.chartboost.com/en-us/articles/200780269 https://answers.chartboost.com/en-us/articles/115001489623
Supersonic/
ironSource
: http://www.ironsrc.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/ironSource-Privacy-Policy.pdf
Mobvista
:
https://www.mobvista.com/en/privacy/
Chance:
http://www.chance-ad.com
Tencent
:
https://www.tencent.com/en-us/zc/privacypolicy.shtml
Redmobi
:
http://redmobi.cn/
Zplay
:
https://www.zplayads.com/en/privacy.html
Adview
:
http://www.adview.cn/web/overseas/policy/privacy
Kingsoft:
http://ad.ksyun.com/
For more information on our use of Ad Network services, please contact us
here
:
Do Not Track Signals
Some Internet browsers may be configured to send "Do Not Track" signals to the online services that you visit. We currently do not respond to do not track signals. To find out more about "Do Not Track," please visit
http://www.allaboutdnt.com
.
No Cross Device Tracking
Although we collect information via the various “tracking technologies” referred to above –
we do not engage in ‘cross-device tracking’
.
This means that we do not link information collected via multiple identifiers across your different devices and browsers to create a consolidated picture of your cross-device online activity or behaviour.
Who we share your Personal Data with.
The table below describes who we share your Personal Data with, what we share and why we share it.
Recipients
Category(ies) of Personal Data we share.
Why we share it
Location(s)
Game Developers
Identity Data
Contact Data
Transaction Data
Behavioural Data
Technical Data
Content Data
Game Developers use the Yodo1 services, including to understand how users use their games, how their games perform, and to optimise their revenue. We share your data with developers for these purposes. We may also provide support services to game users, in which case we share data with Game Developers to provide such support.
Worldwide
Ad Networks
Identity Data
Contact Data
Behavioural Data
Technical Data
Content Data
Ad Networks provide us with advertisement that is tailored to your preferences based on your online behaviour, and Yodo1 sends them data about you to improve their ability to tailor their offering to you.
Worldwide
Service Providers
Identity Data
Contact Data
Technical Data
Transaction Data
Behavioural Data
User Content Data
Our service providers provide us with IT and system administration services.
China
USA
Japan
Hong Kong
Professional advisers
Identity Data
Contact Data
Technical Data
Transaction Data
Behavioural Data
User Content Data
Our lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers provide consultancy, banking, legal, insurance and accounting services.
China
Hong Kong
Singapore
Revenue & Customs, regulators and other authorities
Identity Data
Contact Data
Technical Data
Transaction Data
Behavioural Data
User Content Data
Authorities may require reporting of processing activities in certain circumstances
Within Europe
China
Data transfers
Although we do not have an establishment within the European Economic Area (“
Europe
”), because we target the Site at individuals who are located in Europe, the GDPR (which is a European piece of data protection legislation) applies to us.
For this reason, we take appropriate steps to ensure that when we process your Personal Data (despite the fact that we are not based in Europe) we do so in accordance with the GDPR.
In addition, where we transfer your Personal Data to any of the third parties outlined above, we also take appropriate steps to ensure that we have implemented appropriate safeguards to ensure that such protection is maintained and is not undermined as a result of that disclosure.
How we keep your Personal Data secure.
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your Personal Data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorized way, altered or disclosed.
We limit access to your Personal Data to those employees and other staff who have a business need to have such access. All such people are subject to a contractual duty of confidentiality.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any actual or suspected Personal Data breach. In the event of any such breach, we have systems in place to work with applicable regulators. In addition, in certain circumstances (e.g., where we are legally required to do so) we may notify you of breaches affecting your Personal Data.
How long we store your Personal Data.
We will only retain your Personal Data for so long as we reasonably need to use it for the purposes set out above
here
, unless a longer retention period is required by law (for example for regulatory purposes).
The table below shows our standard retention practices:
Category of Personal Data
Retention
period
Behavioural Data
To the extent there is any Personal Data in Behavioural Data: two months from the date on which we collected or received it. However, we onlystore Behavioural Data that constitutesAggregated Data and/or anonymous data, and keep this record forever. Please refer to our Ad Networks
’
privacy policies for further information on how long they keep your Personal Data (if any) – see
Mobile Advertising Identifiers
.
Contact Data
Identity Data
For so long as retention is necessary to fulfil the Purposes/Use for which it is used
here
Transaction Data
User Content Data
For 12 months following the discontinuation of the applicable game, or upon request from the Game Developer (if earlier), unless a longer period is required by law.
Technical Data
Two months from the date on which we collected or received it.
Our policy on children.
This Site is not intended for children below 13 and we do not knowingly collect data relating to such children.
Third party links.
This Site may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share your Personal Data. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our Site, we encourage you to read the privacy policy of every site you visit.
Yodo1 Ltd, 2018
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html:
Google is committed to advancing racial equity for Black communities.
See how.
Faster, smarter marketing
Introducing Google Marketing Platform, a unified advertising and analytics platform for smarter marketing and better results.
Sign in to Google Marketing Platform
Sign in to Google Marketing Platform
Easy-to-use tools for small businesses
Get free tools to make the most of your marketing, from site and app analytics to intuitive testing and more.
See small-business solutions
Advanced solutions for large enterprises
Make deeper customer connections to drive better marketing results with a complete set of advertising and analytics solutions.
See enterprise solutions
Our Adidas teams
work together in one environment
where we can see audience insights, what creative we’re running and where, how it’s performing, and make changes almost in real time.
Chris Murphy
,
          Head of Digital Experience,
              Adidas
GMP_Logo_analytics
Analytics
Understand your customers so you can deliver better experiences.
Learn more about Analytics
Analytics
Understand your customers so you can deliver better experiences.
Tag Manager
Manage all your tags without editing code.
Campaign Manager 360
Get a complete view of all your digital media campaigns.
Display & Video 360
Reach today’s always-connected audiences wherever they are.
Search Ads 360
Get real-time data and unified insights for your search campaigns.
1
Bain report: How top brands grow with timely customer connections.
New research from Bain shows how leading marketers are using platform integrations and technology to boost customer engagement by delivering more relevant experiences in the moment.
Read more
Case Study
Deckers Brands drives business growth with Google Marketing Platform and Google Cloud
Read more
Feature Brief
Control how data is used in Google Analytics
Read more
Guide
Meeting the data challenge with Google Marketing Platform and Google Cloud
Read more
1
See all resources
Let’s partner up.
Whether you’re looking for help with a single project or a bigger, long-term partnership, Google Marketing Platform Partners have the resources and expertise you need to help you achieve more with your marketing.
Find a partner
Help when you need it.
We’re here to support you every step of the way, whether you use a single product or the entire Google Marketing Platform.
Get support
Sub-policy 1
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy:
Legal Information
Privacy Policy Hub
Privacy Policy Hub
Developer Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs our information practices for our Developer Services, which includes any websites, where a link to this Policy is provided. Developer Services means products and services intended for a party that develops and/or distributes a game or other app made with and/or using Unity Services.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Developer Privacy Policy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Developer Privacy Policy
. They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Customers should understand that Unity does not provide legal advice, therefore the information on this page is not a substitute for seeking your own legal counsel to determine the legal requirements of your business and processes, and how to address them.
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy will provide you with information on how Unity Technologies will collect, use, store, share or otherwise handle your Personal Information that we are responsible for and collect or receive through your use of applications which are owned by third parties but utilize Unity’s technology.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Game Player and App User Privacy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
.They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Unity Educational Products for Schools Privacy Notice
This sets forth Unity’s policies and procedures regarding the Unity software products in schools.
Privacy Supplement Statement for Unity MARS Companion App
This sets forth special privacy terms regarding use of the Unity MARS Companion App.
Unity Data Processing Addendum (“DPA”)
This Data Processing Addendum (this “DPA”) is incorporated into and forms an integral part of the Unity Terms of Service. This agreement determines the rights and obligations of each party when processing personal information.
DPA Amendment for EU, UK, and Swiss SCCs
In 2021, the European Commission and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commission issued new Standard Contractual Clauses ("2021 SCCs"). Additionally, in 2022, the UK Parliament approved the UK International Data Transfer Addendum to the EU SCCs (“UK Addendum”). The 2021 SCCs and UK Addendum replace the Standard Contractual Clauses enacted in 2010 (“2010 SCCs”). This is a pre-signed copy of this document which you may download, execute on your side, and return to DPA@unity3d.com.
Technical and Organisational Measures including Technical and Organisational Measure to ensure the Security of the Data
Technical and Organisational Measures (TOMs) are strategic safeguards designed to protect data security and ensure adherence to data protection regulations. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum.
Sub-Processors
Sub-processors are third-party companies that assist Unity by handling personal data on Unity's behalf. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum
.
GENERATIVE AI SUPPLEMENTAL PRIVACY NOTICE
This notice explains Unity's processing activities with respect to Personal Information collected through users of Generative AI Tools
Sub-policy 2
https://www.applovin.com/privacy/:
Products
AppDiscovery
Acquire your ideal users
MAX
Monetize your app
SparkLabs
Create ads that perform
AppLovin Exchange
Reach your audience
Array
Increase value across customer’s lifecycle
Adjust
Measure your marketing
Wurl
Our streaming TV solution
Solutions
Increase ARPDAU
Grow Ad Inventory
Acquire App Users
Increase IAPs
Resources
Success Stories
Blog
Video Library
Guides and Reports
Glossary
Events
Partners
View all resources
More about us
Jobs
NEW
Press
About Us
Sign Up
Sign In
ENG
中文
日本語
한국어
Privacy Policy
Overview
Policies
Privacy Policy
隐私政策
Datenschutzerklärung
プライバシーポリシー
개인정보 보호 정책
Política de Privacidade
Politique de confidentialité
AppLovin Partners
AppLovin Policies for Publishers
AppLovin Policies for Demand Partners
AppLovin Array Privacy Policy
Terms
Terms of Use
使用协议条款
Vereinbarung über die Nutzungsbedingungen
利用規約
이용 약관 계약
Contrato de Termos de Uso
Accord sur les Conditions d’utilisation
DMCA Notice
End User License Agreement — Software
AppLovin Array Terms of Service
APPLOVIN PLATFORM DATA PROCESSING AGREEMENT
AppLovin Demand Partner Data Processing Agreement
Effective Date
: October 30, 2024
You can find the prior version
here
.
AppLovin Corporation (“we,” “us,” “our,” or “AppLovin”) operates a suite of tools for app developers and other businesses to automate and optimize the marketing and monetization of their platforms, products, or services by enabling the placement of different types of advertisements on digital properties including mobile apps, websites, and connected TV devices (collectively, the “Advertising Services” or “Services”).  As explained below, consumers interact with us in a few ways, primarily through advertisements served by AppLovin on behalf of advertisers.
The AppLovin Privacy Policy (this “Privacy Policy”) explains how we collect, use, and share information through our Services and advertising platform, and our corporate website at www.applovin.com (the “Website”), as well as your choices related to that information.
Contents
Our Advertising Services
Our Website
Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
Policy Changes
Contact Us
Our Advertising Services
This section describes the information we collect, use, and share through our Advertising Services.
General Information Collection and Use
If you are a consumer who downloads and uses an application which contains the AppLovin SDK or otherwise interacts with the Services through advertisements served within a digital property, we may collect certain information, including the following:
Device, App, and Browser Data
Device make, model, and operating system;
Device properties related to screen size, orientation, audio, battery, device memory usage, settings, and boot time;
Device settings related to accessibility features, font size, and theme;
Carrier;
Name and properties of mobile application through which a consumer interacts with the Services;
Country, time zone, and locale settings (country and preferred language);
Network connection type and speed;
IP Address;
Internet browser user-agent used to access the Services;
HTTP header information;
Advertising IDs (IDFA/GAID/Amazon FOSAID);
Vendor IDs (IDFV);
App Set IDs; and
Advertising and tracking preferences and restrictions.
Application publishers may choose to share with us additional information including your age or year of birth, gender, email, phone number, and interest segments for purposes of their own direct ad serving.  We do not retain this data or pass it downstream to advertising partners.  Please see the applicable publisher’s privacy policy for more information about their use of first party data.
Advertisers (through the advertiser itself or through a third party service provider on behalf of such advertiser) may also share transactional or “event” data related to a consumer’s interaction with an application, such as information about the actions taken in an application like purchases or application installations.
Information Collection and Use Specific
to
e-Commerce Ads Only
If you are a consumer who interacts with the Services through an e-commerce platform or a merchant website, we may collect certain additional information (that you provided to the e-commerce platform or merchant, through a third party’s API, our SDK, pixel, or other similar technologies), including the following:
User IDs;
Shopping browsing behavior (e.g., views) and search history;
Records of products purchased or considered (e.g., added to cart, check out);
Purchasing histories; and
Information regarding user interactions with advertising partners and their merchant partners’ sites and advertisements.
How We Collect Your Information
This information may be collected automatically across mobile apps and devices or received from third-parties across different technologies over time. We may also combine information we collect with other information we derive through analytical techniques, and we will use that combined information to offer the Services.
How We Use Your Information
We generally use the information we collect to:
Deliver the Services, maintain, and improve them, including our AI-powered advertising technology, and research and develop new ones;
Promote safety, security, and integrity of Services;
Provide measurement, analytics, and reporting; and
Comply with legal and regulatory obligations.
We use AI-powered advertising technology (sometimes referred to as “automated decision-making”) to help us improve our advertising products and Services and serve ads that are relevant and interesting to you. We use it in ways that do not produce legal or similarly significant effects on you (for example, by reordering how advertisements might appear when you visit a digital property such as a mobile app or a website).
Information Sharing
We may share information we collect or derive with third parties in the following contexts:
Service Providers.
We transfer information to service providers, and other partners who support our business, such as providing technical infrastructure services, analyzing how our Services are used, measuring the effectiveness of ads and services, providing customer service, or facilitating payments. These partners must adhere to strict confidentiality obligations in a way that is consistent with this Privacy Policy and the agreements we enter into with them.
Affiliates.
We may share information within the AppLovin family of companies for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Advertising Partners.
We share information with our third-party advertising partners, including advertisers, ad networks, exchanges, demand side platforms, merchants, other advertising partners (who aggregate their own demand sources), and ad optimization and measurement/attribution partners (e.g., mobile measurement partners or “MMPs”) to provide our clients with Advertising Services. This information may be used by such third-party partners to measure how effective ads are, show advertisements to end users for products and services that are more likely to appeal to them (a practice known as interest-based advertising or behavioral advertising), and to undertake web analytics to analyze traffic and other ad activity to improve the advertising experience.
Unless otherwise noted in our partner list, each AppLovin advertising partner is an independent controller of your data. You can view a list of AppLovin advertising partners with whom we share your data
here
, current as of the date listed at the top of that page.
If you do not want to receive interest-based advertisements, please see the
“Manage Your Privacy Choices”
section below. If you are located in the European Union, UK, or Switzerland, you may also see the
“Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals”
section below for more options. If you are an individual resident of the U.S. states that have enacted comprehensive consumer privacy laws, you may also review the “
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
” section below for more options.
Please note that the practices of our third-party advertising partners delivering advertisements through our Services are subject to those partners’ own privacy policies.
Regulatory or Legal Requirements.
We may disclose information to governmental regulatory authorities as required by law, including for tax or accounting purposes, in response to their requests for such information or to assist in investigations. We may also disclose personal information to third parties in connection with claims, disputes, or litigation, when otherwise required by law or court order.
Safety and Terms Enforcement.
We may disclose information if we determine, in our sole discretion, that its disclosure is necessary to protect the health, safety, or rights of you or any other person, protect against fraud, or enforce our legal rights, including contractual commitments made to us by third parties.
Business Transfers.
We may disclose personal information as part of an organizational business transaction, such as a merger, acquisition, joint venture, financing, or sale of organizational assets and may transfer personal information to a third party as one of the business assets in such a transaction. We may also disclose personal information in the event of insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership.
Manage Your Privacy Choices:
To limit collection of information from mobile devices, please visit your device’s settings to set the “Limit Ad Track” or other similar features on your device. Additionally, you may opt-out of interest-based advertising within ads served by AppLovin. For detailed instructions, see
How AppLovin Shows You Ads
. You can also make choices about data collection for certain companies by visiting an industry consumer choice platform such as the NAI (
https://optout.networkadvertising.org/
) or DAA (
https://optout.aboutads.info/
).  You may still receive ads after limiting processing of information for interest-based advertising, but those ads may be less relevant to your interests.
To see or manage the data collected by AppLovin from your device, you may download the AppLovin Privacy Management Application from the Apple or Google Play Stores:
By navigating through the tabs in the AppLovin Privacy Management Application, you can erase the personal information that AppLovin may have collected about you or request a copy of that personal information.
Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect personal information from, or serve advertisements to, children as defined and required by applicable laws. If you believe we have served an advertisement to a child or might have any personal information from or about a child, or if you believe a mobile application in which an AppLovin-served advertisement appeared may be designed for, directed to, or pass personal information knowingly from, children in violation of our policies, please contact us via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Data Security and Retention
We implement reasonable measures to help secure the information we collect through the Services. We retain the data we collect through the Services for up to 2 years. Information is automatically purged from our system if the Services do not receive any updated information for a device in the last 2 years. Note that we will retain information in our systems for as long as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
[END OF ADVERTISING SERVICES-SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
Our Website
This section describes the information we collect, use, and share through our Website.
Cookies and Other Similar Technology
The Website uses cookies, web beacons, or other similar technology to collect information for various purposes, including interest-based advertising. This information may include your IP address, device identifier, browser type, device type, the date and time of your visit, and the areas of the Website you visit. To learn more about and manage the cookies on this Website, please click “Cookie Settings” in our Website footer. You may also be able to limit the use of cookies through your browser settings. Note that certain parts of the Website may not function properly without cookies. Additionally, you may still receive ads after limiting processing of information for interest-based advertising, but those ads may be less relevant to your interests. If you erase your cookies, reset your device identifier, or use different browsers or devices, you may need to make your choices again.
We partner with Google Analytics to learn more about how you use our Website. For more information about how Google Analytics works you can visit
here
. To opt-out of Google Analytics, you can visit
here
and follow the instructions.
Additional Information Collection for Business Account Owners
When you register with AppLovin to use our Services, you may provide us with personal information such as your name, email address, phone number, mailing address, user name, and password. You may also provide us with payment information when you submit or receive a payment, or other information when you complete the online forms available on the Website. We may also acquire information from other trusted sources to update or supplement the information that you voluntarily provide to us or that we collect automatically.
How We Use Your Information
We may use the information we collect or you provide to us through the Website for various purposes, including:
To communicate with you, for example through newsletters or with other information about our products and services;
To operate and improve the Website and our Services;
To customize the Website;
For analytics and research;
For marketing purposes; and
For purposes disclosed at the time of collection.
Information Sharing
We may share information we collect through the Website in the following contexts:
With your consent;
For advertising and marketing purposes;
In response to a subpoena, court order, or other legal process;
To protect our rights and the rights of others;
With our affiliates;
With service providers that help us operate the Website and Services;
As part of a sale, merger, or acquisition, including at bankruptcy; and
For purposes disclosed at the time of collection.
Links to Other Websites
The Website may provide links to other websites or other digital properties that we do not control. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of those digital properties that you may visit.
Updating Information
You can update the personal information you provide to us by correcting, updating, or deleting the information associated with you via your AppLovin account. To add, modify, remove, or request access to the personal information about you that we hold, please see the
“Contact Us”
section below.
Your Marketing Choices
If you no longer wish to receive marketing-related emails from us on a going-forward basis, you may opt out of receiving these emails by clicking “Unsubscribe” at the bottom of any marketing email you receive from us or by emailing us at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Children
Our Website is not intended for use by children as defined and required by applicable law. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children through the Website. If you believe we might have any personal information from or about a child, please contact us via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Data Security and Retention
We have implemented reasonable physical, technical, and administrative security measures for the Website to help protect information we collect and store.
For detailed information regarding retention associated with cookies on the applovin.com domain, please click “Cookie Settings” in our Website footer to learn more.
We retain other information such as customer contact and payment information in our systems for as long as necessary as permitted by law to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
[END OF WEBSITE-SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals
If you are located in the European Union, United Kingdom, or Switzerland, the following additional provisions apply to you.
Data Privacy Framework
AppLovin complies with the EU-U.S Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.
AppLovin has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.  AppLovin has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
If you are an EU, UK, or Swiss individual, where we transfer your personal data to third party servicer providers (see above) who perform services for us or on our behalf, we are responsible for the processing of that data by them and shall remain liable if they process your personal data in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Data Privacy Framework, AppLovin is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, AppLovin may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, AppLovin commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information. EU, UK, and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact AppLovin at
dataprotection@applovin.com
. AppLovin refers unresolved complaints to TRUSTe, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.  If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
for more information or to file a complaint.  These dispute resolution services are provided at no cost to you.
For complaints regarding DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms, you have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration. Further information can be found on the official DPF website.
Lawful Basis for Processing
On certain occasions, we process your personal data when it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party, such as to provide services to you. We may also process your personal data to respond to your inquiries concerning our products and services.
On other occasions, we process your personal data where required by law. We may also process your personal data if necessary to protect your interests or the interests of a third party.
Additionally, we process your personal data when necessary to do so for fraud prevention, improving our network and services, and marketing our services to advertisers and publishers, where these interests are not overridden by your data protection rights.
If the processing of your personal data is necessary, we will generally ensure that consent has been obtained from you if there is no other lawful basis for such processing. You have the right to withdraw your consent to processing of personal data at any time.
If personal data covered by this Privacy Policy is to be used for a new purpose that is materially different from that for which the personal data was originally collected or subsequently authorized, or is to be disclosed to a non-agent third party in a manner not specified in this Privacy Policy, we will provide you with an opportunity to choose whether to have your personal data so used or disclosed. Requests to opt out of such uses or disclosures of personal data should be sent to us as specified in the “Contact” section below. Certain personal data, such as information about medical or health conditions, racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, is considered “Sensitive Information”. AppLovin does not collect or seek to elicit “Sensitive Information”.
For questions about data processing, please contact our Data Protection Officer. Visit the “Contact” section below for contact information.
Your Rights
If you are an individual in the EU, UK, or Switzerland, you are able:
To request access to the personal data we hold about you;
To request that we rectify or erase your personal data;
To request that we restrict or block the processing of your personal data;
Under certain circumstances, to receive personal data about you that we store and transmit to another without hindrance from us, including requesting that we provide your personal data directly to another, i.e., a right to data portability; and
Where we previously obtained your consent, to withdraw consent to processing your personal data.
To exercise these rights, please contact us at the email address set forth in the
“Contact Us”
section below.  Our Data Protection Officer can also be reached at this email address.  Please be aware that we may be unable to afford these rights to you under certain circumstances, such as if we are legally prevented from doing so.
In certain circumstances, you may appoint an authorized agent to exercise any rights that you may have on your behalf.  If you choose to exercise any rights through an authorized agent, you will need to verify your identity directly with us before we can process any requests.  In addition, we will need written documentation demonstrating the authorized agent’s authority to act on your behalf.
Additionally, you have the right to lodge a complaint against us. To do so, contact the supervisory authority in your country of residence.
EU and UK Privacy Representatives
We have appointed
Prighter Group
as our privacy representatives in the EU and UK.  You can contact us through our privacy representatives at the following addresses:
For residents of the EU
:
PrighterGDPR-Rep by Maetzler Rechtsanwalts GmbH & Co KG
c/o AppLovin Corporation
Kriegerstraße 44
30161 Hannover
Germany
For residents of the UK
:
PrighterUK-Rep by Prighter Ltd.
c/o AppLovin Corporation
20 Mortlake Mortlake High Street
London, SW14 8JN
United Kingdom
Additional information regarding our privacy representatives can be found at the following link:
https://prighter.com/q/19826057144
.
[END OF EU/UK/SWISS SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
Additional provisions for individual residents of the U.S. states that have enacted comprehensive consumer privacy laws are included in our
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
, which explains how those residents may exercise their privacy rights.
Policy Changes
We may, in our sole discretion, make changes to this Privacy Policy from time to time in order to accommodate new technologies, industry practices, regulatory requirements, or for other purposes. If we make any changes, we will update the “Effective Date” posted at the top of this Privacy Policy. If we make any material changes, we may notify you by email (sent to the email address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on the Website prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically to ensure that you understand how we collect, use, and share information.
Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when the revised Privacy Policy is posted on the Website. By continuing to use the Website or Advertising Services following such changes, you are agreeing to accept the terms of the revised Privacy Policy.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please write to us at:
Data Protection Officer
AppLovin Corporation
1100 Page Mill Road
Palo Alto, CA 94304
You can also contact us or our Data Protection Officer via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Please be sure to include your relevant account information in any correspondence to us.  This will help ensure that we can respond to your inquiry in a timely manner.
If you have a customer care issue, please visit
AppLovin Support
.