about
contact us
privacy policy
term of services
sign in
Retouchit Privacy Policy
Welcome to the Retouchify website and/or the Retouchify mobile application! The use of our website,
www.retouchifyapp.com
(“Site”), and our mobile application (“App”) (collectively, the “Services”) is governed by the following Terms and Conditions of Use and Privacy Policy (“Legal Notices”).  Our Services are provided by Retouchit, LLC, an Illinois limited liability company (“Company”, “we,” “our” or “us”).  By using our Services through our Site or our App, whether you are a registered user, purchaser or not (“you” and “your”), you expressly agree to these Legal Notices which are provisioned to protect both you and us.
Please read these Legal Notices carefully. By using the Site, App and/or our Services, you acknowledge and represent that: 1) you have read these Legal Notices; 2) understand the Legal Notices; 3) agree to be found by the Legal Notices; and 4) you are at least 18 years old. Note that you may not use the Site, App and/or our Services unless you are at least 18 years old. If you do not agree to any of the following Legal Notices, we are unwilling to grant you access to the Site, App and/or our Services
Information Collected from Users
We collect information from you in two ways:  1) some personal information is gathered when you register and create an account to use our Services; and 2) some information is collected automatically when you use our Services, such as your Internet Protocol address, certain webpages that you visited, browser type and settings, the date and time of your use, how you used our Services, and cookie data.
Generally, we use this information to: 1) remind us who you are and to access your account information (stored on our servers) in order to deliver to you better, more personalized Services; 2) estimate the size of our user community; and 3) measure certain traffic patterns, and your visiting patterns in the aggregate.
Information we Share with Third Parties
As a general rule, we will not share or otherwise disclose any of your personally identifiable information except when we have your permission or under special circumstances, such as we believe in good faith that the law requires it or under the following circumstances: 1) under confidentiality agreement, we may match user information with third party data; and 2) we may disclose aggregated user statistics (for example, 45% of our users are female) in order to describe our Services to prospective partners, advertisers, and other third parties, and for other lawful purposes.
Sharing by You
You will have the ability to share your User Content and/or your purchased Services with other people. If you share your User Content and/or purchased Services with anyone, we shall have no liability to you (or anyone you share your User Content and/or your purchased Services).
Information You Generate, Submit and/or Post
You are solely responsible for the information you generate, submit and/or post on our Site, App or by using our Services (as outlined in our Terms and Conditions of Use). Retouchit assumes no liability for the information you generate, submit and/or post on our Site, App or by using our Services.
Accessing Your Personal Information
You may edit your personal account information with Retouchit at any time by using your unique identifier and password.
Protecting Your Information
Your personal account information with Retouchit is password protected so that you and only you have access to this personal information, the User Content and our purchased Services therein.  We recommend that you do not disclose your unique identifier or password to anyone.  Also remember to sign out of your account and close your browser window or App when you have finished using our Services.  This is to ensure that others cannot access your personal information, User Content or your purchased Services.
Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or from our online Services, and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission, we make our best effort to ensure its security on our systems.
For Additional Information
If you have any questions regarding our Legal Notices, please contact
info@retouchifyapp.com
.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL OF OUR LEGAL NOTICES, YOU MUST NOT USE OUR WEBSITE OR OUR SERVICES.  BY USING OUR WEBSITE AND OUR SERVICES, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ AND UNDERSTAND OUR LEGAL NOTICES AND YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS.
Please wait