Terms and Conditions
Lee BHM Corp. ("Lee BHM Corp.") offers this Web site, including all information, software, products and services available from this Web site or offered as part of or in conjunction with this Web site (the "Web site"), to you, the user, conditioned upon your acceptance of all of the terms, conditions, policies and notices stated here. Lee BHM Corp. reserves the right to make changes to these Terms and Conditions immediately by posting the changed Terms and Conditions in this location. Your continued use of the Web site constitutes your agreement to all such terms, conditions and notices, and any changes to the Terms and Conditions made by Lee BHM Corp..
Personal and Noncommercial Use
The Web site is for your personal and noncommercial use. As a condition to your continued use of the Web site, you warrant to Lee BHM Corp. that you will not use the Web site for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these terms and conditions of use.
No Warranties
USE THE WEB SITE AT YOUR OWN RISK. THIS WEB SITE IS PROVIDED TO YOU "AS IS," WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. Lee BHM Corp. MAKES NO WARRANTY THAT ANY CONTENT CONTAINED ON THIS WEB SITE SATISFIES ANY APPLICABLE GOVERNMENT LAW, REGULATION OR REQUIREMENT. Neither Lee BHM Corp. nor its employees, agents, third-party information providers, merchants, licensors or the like warrant that the Web site or its operation will be accurate, reliable, uninterrupted or error-free. No agent or representative has the authority to create any warranty regarding the Web site on behalf of Lee BHM Corp.. Lee BHM Corp. reserves the right to change or discontinue at any time any aspect or feature of the Web site.
Exclusion of Liability
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES, INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE, SHALL Lee BHM Corp. OR ANYONE ELSE INVOLVED IN CREATING, PRODUCING, STORING OR DISTRIBUTING THE WEB SITE BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES AND EXPENSES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOST PROFITS, AND DAMAGES ARISING FROM LOST DATA OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH USE OF THE WEB SITE, DELAY OR INABILITY TO USE THE WEB SITE, OR FOR ANY INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS OR SERVICES OBTAINED THROUGH THE WEB SITE, WHETHER SUCH DAMAGES ARE BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. YOU SPECIFICALLY AGREE THAT NO LICENSOR, SUPPLIER OR INFORMATION PROVIDER TO Lee BHM Corp. OR ITS AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES OR AGENTS, OR ANY OF THEIR SUCCESSORS OR ASSIGNS, SHALL HAVE ANY LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ANY REASON OR UNDER ANY THEORY WHATSOEVER, BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON OR THROUGH THE WEB SITE. Because some states do not permit the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, some or all of the above limitation may not apply to you.
Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold Lee BHM Corp., its officers, directors, affiliated companies, employees and agents, licensors and suppliers harmless from and against any and all claims, actions or demands, liabilities and settlements, including, without limitation, reasonable legal and accounting fees, resulting from, or alleged to result from, your use of the Lee BHM Corp. site, or any content, product or service offered through the Lee BHM Corp. site, in a manner that violates or is alleged to violate these Terms and Conditions. Lee BHM Corp. shall provide notice to you of any such claim, suit or proceeding and shall reasonably cooperate with you, at your expense, in your defense of any such claim, suit or proceeding.
Featured Links and Advertisements
The Web site may contain hyperlinks to Web sites offered by parties other than Lee BHM Corp.. Such hyperlinks are provided for your reference and convenience only. Lee BHM Corp. does not control such other Web sites and is not responsible for their content; nor does Lee BHM Corp.'s inclusion of hyperlinks to such Web sites imply any endorsement of the material on such Web sites or any association with their operators. Unless otherwise specifically stated on this Web site, Lee BHM Corp. does not endorse any product or service or make any representation regarding the reliability, quality or accuracy of any products or services featured in, or linked to, any advertisement appearing on this Web site.
Linking
Unless you are subsequently advised otherwise by Lee BHM Corp., you are hereby licensed to create hyperlinks to the content on the Web site, provided that the hyperlink accurately describes the content as it appears on the Web site. Lee BHM Corp. reserves the right to revoke this license generally, or your right to use specific links, at any time, and may normally break any hyperlink after 14 days. Under no circumstances may you "frame" the Web site or any of its content or copy portions of the Web site to a server, except as part of an Internet service provider's incidental caching of pages. Each page within the Web site must be displayed in full (including all trademarks, branding, advertising and promotional materials), without any accompanying frame, border, margin, design, branding, trademark, advertising or promotional materials not originally displayed on the page within the Web site.
Software Available on Web Site
Any software that is made available to download from this Web site is the copyrighted work of Lee BHM Corp. and/or its suppliers. Your use of the software is governed by the terms of the End User License Agreement, if any, that accompanies or is included with the software. You may not install or use any software without first agreeing to the terms of such End User License Agreement. For any software not accompanied by an End User License Agreement, Lee BHM Corp. hereby grants to you a personal, nontransferable, non-sublicensable license to use the software for viewing and other purposes within the scope of use of such software anticipated by Lee BHM Corp. in accordance with these terms and conditions, and for no other purpose. Any such software is provided to you subject to the warranty and liability exclusions set forth in these terms and conditions.
Copyright
Except for material in the public domain under United States copyright law, all material contained on the Web site (including all software, HTML code, Java applets, Active X controls and other code) is protected by United States and foreign copyright laws. Except as otherwise expressly provided in these terms and conditions, you may not copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, modify, rewrite, create derivative works from, transfer, or sell any material contained on the Web site without the prior consent of the copyright owner. None of the material contained on the Lee BHM Corp. site may be reverse-engineered, disassembled, decompiled, transcribed, stored in a retrieval system, translated into any language or computer language, retransmitted in any form or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photo reproduction, recordation or otherwise), resold or redistributed without the prior written consent of Lee BHM Corp.. Violation of this provision may result in severe civil and criminal penalties.
You may make single copies of materials displayed on the Web site for your own personal and noncommercial use only, provided any copies include the copyright and other notices displayed with the materials on the Web site. You may not distribute such copies to others, whether or not for a charge or other consideration, without prior written permission from Lee BHM Corp. or the copyright owner of the copied material. Requests to reproduce materials on the Web site for distribution or other purposes should be mailed to:
Lee BHM Corp.
Contact us via
e-mail
Trademarks
Trademarks appear on the Web site with permission from their respective owners. Your unauthorized use of trademarks appearing on the Web site may constitute trademark infringement, which could subject you to substantial civil penalties.
Termination of Privileges
Lee BHM Corp. reserves the right to terminate your privilege of using all or any portion of the Web site if you breach any of these terms and conditions of use. If Lee BHM Corp. receives notice or otherwise discovers that you have posted material that infringes another party's copyright or trademark rights or violates another party's rights of privacy or publicity, Lee BHM Corp. may terminate your access to the Web site, including all of your privileges or accounts that you may have established in connection with the Web site.
Copyright Infringement
Lee BHM Corp. will not tolerate copyright infringement of any kind. Lee BHM Corp. does not, however, monitor user-submitted materials for copyright infringement. If you believe that any material on the Web site infringes your copyright, you may seek to have the material removed by sending Lee BHM Corp. notice that includes all of the following information:
your full name, address and telephone number
your e-mail address
identification of the copyrighted work(s) that you believe is being infringed
identification of the infringing material and information sufficient for Lee BHM Corp. to locate the material
your statement of good faith belief that (a) the material infringes your copyrights, (b) the information provided in the notice is accurate and (c) under penalty of perjury, you are authorized to act for the copyright owner
your physical or electronic signature
Direct such notice to Lee BHM Corp. designated agent for receiving copyright infringement notices:
Lee BHM Corp.
1314 Douglas Street, Suite
800 Omaha, NE 68102-1811
Contact us via
e-mail
Upon receipt of notice complying with the above requirements, Lee BHM Corp. will act to remove infringing materials and, if applicable, send notice to the user that posted such materials on the Web site.
If Lee BHM Corp. removes materials posted by you as a user due to alleged copyright infringement, you may seek to have the materials reinstated by notifying Lee BHM Corp.'s designated agent in writing and including the following information:
your full name, address and telephone number
your e-mail address
identification of the material that has been removed or to which access has been disabled, including its location before it was removed or disabled
your statement under penalty of perjury that you have a good faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or misidentification of the material
your statement consenting to the jurisdiction of the Federal District Court for the district in which your address is located, or, if you reside outside of the United States, Omaha, Nebraska (where Lee BHM Corp. may be found), and that you will accept service of process from the person who provided notice of copyright infringement or from such person's agent
your physical or electronic signature
Upon receipt of a notice meeting the above requirements, Lee BHM Corp. will send a copy of the notice to the copyright owner who initially claimed copyright infringement. Within 10 to 14 days following receipt of the notice, Lee BHM Corp. will replace or enable access to the removed material unless Lee BHM Corp. receives notice from the copyright owner who submitted the first notification that it has filed an action seeking a court order to restrain the user that posted the materials from engaging in infringing activity. Please note that parties who misrepresent that materials are infringing or were removed by mistake or misidentification are subject to substantial civil liability to Lee BHM Corp. and/or the copyright owner or Web site user.
User Content
Lee BHM Corp. may allow you to upload, post, transmit or otherwise provide content to Lee BHM Corp. Web sites, including, but not limited to, photos, video, audio, comments, articles, blogs, forums and any other such communication in which you provide content to the Web site ("User Content"). You agree that you are solely responsible for your communications and any content you provide.
Rules Governing User Content: In consideration for being allowed to post or contribute content, you agree that your failure to abide by the following rules in using the Web site shall constitute a material breach of these Terms and Conditions:
Do not disrespect the privacy and views of others, or use the service to stalk or harass another;
Do not use or provide User Content for commercial purposes, including but not limited to the promotion of any specific goods or services;
Do not provide User Content that is harmful to minors in any way;
Do not provide obscene, profane, sexually explicit, libelous, slanderous, defamatory, harmful, threatening, illegal or knowingly false User Content;
Do not provide User Content containing expressions of bigotry, racism or hate;
Do not provide User Content encouraging conduct that may constitute or contribute to a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability or violate any national, state or local law, regulation or authority;
Do not impersonate another person, or permit any other person or entity to use your identification to post or view User Content;
Do not provide User Content that infringes on the copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret or other intellectual property rights of others;
Do not provide User Content that violates the privacy or publicity rights of others;
Do not provide User Content that supports or provides resources to any organization(s) designated by the United States government as a foreign terrorist organization pursuant to section 219 of the Immigration and Nationality Act; and
Do not provide User Content containing malicious code, including but not limited to computer viruses, Trojan horses, or other programs designed to disrupt, damage or restrict the use of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment.
Respect the Intellectual Property Rights of Others. You may not post or transmit content belonging to any person or party other than yourself, without the prior written consent of such owner. Simply because material is available on the Internet does not mean it is in the public domain. The vast majority of materials on the Internet are protected by copyright and trademark laws. Lee BHM Corp. shall have the right, but not the obligation, to monitor any User Content areas of the Web site to determine compliance with these Terms and Conditions and any other operating rules that may be established by Lee BHM Corp. from time to time.
Lee BHM Corp.'s Right to Remove User Content. Lee BHM Corp. does not assume any responsibility for the consequences of any user-generated or contributed content on the Lee BHM Corp. site. If notified by a user of communications that are alleged not to conform to the rules set forth in this Section, Lee BHM Corp. may investigate the allegation and determine in its sole discretion to remove or request the removal of the communications. Lee BHM Corp. reserves the right to remove communications that fail to conform to these Terms and Conditions. In addition, Lee BHM Corp. reserves the right (but is not obligated) to delete any User Content posted on the Lee BHM Corp. site, regardless of whether such communications violate these Terms and Conditions.
Lee BHM Corp.'s Right to Use User Content. Lee BHM Corp. reserves the right to record, re-purpose or re-publish User Content on its Web sites, newspapers, broadcast stations or other publishing forums. By posting User Content, you are granting to Lee BHM Corp. and its licensees a worldwide, royalty-free, perpetual, non-exclusive and irrevocable right and license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, perform and display any posting by you (in whole or in part) and/or to incorporate it in other works in any form, media or technology now known or hereafter developed.
Responsibility for User Content. You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Lee BHM Corp. and its officers, directors, affiliated companies, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers, from and against any and all claims, actions or demands, liabilities and settlements, including, without limitation, reasonable legal and accounting fees, resulting from, or alleged to result from, your use of any User-generated or Contributed Content or use by others of any User-generated or Contributed Content with respect to you, including, without limitation, any claim of libel, defamation, harassment, violation of rights of privacy or publicity, loss of service or infringement of intellectual property or other rights, or violation of these Terms and Conditions.
NOTE TO USERS. Lee BHM Corp. does not represent or guarantee the truthfulness, accuracy or reliability of any User Content or endorse any opinions expressed by such users. ANY RELIANCE UPON USER CONTENT IS AT YOUR OWN RISK.
Termination of Privileges
Lee BHM Corp. reserves the right to terminate your privilege of using all or any portion of the Web site if you breach any of these terms and conditions of use. If Lee BHM Corp. receives notice or otherwise discovers that you have posted material that infringes another party's copyright or trademark rights or violates another party's rights of privacy or publicity, Lee BHM Corp. may terminate your access to the Web site, including all of your privileges or accounts that you may have established in connection with the Web site.
General
These Terms and Conditions (including the privacy policy attached hereto, which shall be deemed to be a part of these Terms and Conditions) constitute the entire agreement and understanding between you and Lee BHM Corp. with respect to use of the Web site, superseding all prior or contemporaneous communications and/or proposals. These Terms and Conditions also are severable, and in the event any provision is determined to be invalid or unenforceable, such invalidity or unenforceability shall not in any way affect the validity or enforceability of the remaining provisions. Lee BHM Corp. reserves the right to make changes to these Terms and Conditions immediately by posting the changed Terms and Conditions in this location. By continuing to use the Web site, you are agreeing to all changes made by Lee BHM Corp.. A printed version of these Terms and Conditions shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to use of the Web site to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form.
Jurisdiction
The Web site is controlled and operated by Lee BHM Corp. from its principal office at 1314 Douglas Street, Suite 800, Omaha, Nebraska, United States of America. Lee BHM Corp. makes no representation that materials on the Web site are appropriate or available for use in other locations. Those who choose to access the Web site from other locations do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable. The Web site is not intended to subject Lee BHM Corp. to the laws or jurisdiction of any state, country or territory other than Omaha, Nebraska and the United States of America.
Lee BHM Corp. PRIVACY POLICY
For each visitor to the Web site, Lee BHM Corp.'s servers automatically collect information about which pages are visited and the domain name of visitors. This information is used for internal review, to tailor information to individual visitors and for Web site traffic audits. We also provide this information (as well as information from third-party market researchers) about our users on an aggregated, anonymous basis to our advertisers.
Lee BHM Corp. may place a "cookie" on the browser of your computer. The cookie itself does not contain any personally identifying information. A cookie may be used to tell when your computer has contacted the Web site. Lee BHM Corp. uses the information for editorial purposes and for other purposes such as delivery of features and advertisements, so Lee BHM Corp. can customize delivery of information to you without compromising privacy. For example, cookies may be used to ensure that you will not see the same banner advertisement too often in a single session.
Lee BHM Corp. may, in the course of providing services through its Web sites, ask you to disclose voluntarily certain information about yourself. This could include information that identifies you or your household. Any information in Lee BHM Corp.'s possession solely as a result of your use of the Web site and that is associated with you or your household is considered "Personal Information." It consists of both information supplied by you (e.g. name, address, telephone number and e-mail address) and information collected about how you use the Web site (e.g. the fact that you have bought merchandise through the Web site). 'Personal Information' does not include statistical data about large numbers of users, none of whom are identifiable, nor does it include information that you have posted for public view on the Web site or otherwise publicly disclosed.
Like many other commercial sites, our site may utilize an electronic file called a Web beacon to count users who have visited a page or recognize users by accessing certain cookies. Our site and/or the Web sites of advertisers and merchants with which we have a relationship may use Web beacons (a) for auditing purposes and to collect information from the Web sites of certain advertisers or merchants; (b) to report anonymous individual and/or aggregate information about our users from such advertisers or merchants. Aggregate information may include demographic and usage information. No personally identifiable information about you is shared with such advertisers or merchants. You may choose to opt-out by contacting us in accordance with the information set forth at the bottom of this policy.
In addition, Lee BHM Corp. service providers and third-party advertising service providers may use their own cookies, web beacons and other technologies to collect the information listed above. The data collected in connection with ad serving and ad targeting does not include your name, postal address, email address, telephone number, birthdate or gender unless you affirmatively provide information within the ad. However, it may include device identifying information such as the IP address, MAC address, cookie or other device-specific unique ID. These service providers also may assign an anonymous identifier to the tracking pixel or session cookie.
The collection of information by our service providers and third-party advertising service providers is governed by their relevant privacy notices, for which we have no responsibility or liability, and are not covered by our Privacy Policy. If you have any questions regarding the privacy notice of one of our service providers, you should contact the service provider directly for more information.
If you would like more information about the information collection practices of a particular third-party advertising service provider, or if you would like more information on how to opt out of a third-party advertising service provider’s information collection practices, go to
www.aboutads.info
, or for apps, at
www.aboutads.info/appchoices
.
Additionally, some of our third-party advertising service providers are members of the Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI"). You can obtain more information about these third-party advertising service providers' information collection practices, and opt out of such practices (and at the same time opt out of the collection practices of other, or all, NAI members) by following the opt out instructions on the NAI's website at
http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp
.
Please note that one of our third-party advertising service providers is DoubleClick. You can opt out of the use of cookies by DoubleClick by visiting
http://www.google.com/settings/ads
.
How does the Web site use the information it gathers?
Information collected on the Web site, including traffic patterns and user behavior, is used primarily for the following purposes:
Internal research. The Web site is continuously assessing how visitors use the site. This data assists us in making decisions about how to improve the site and to better serve our users. Research data are aggregated and do not include data about specific individuals. We may share aggregated research (but not individual user information) with our advertisers or business partners. Additionally, the Web site may use your information to contact you to ask for your participation in a focus group, survey, or some other type of research effort.
To customize your experience on the Web site. As the Web site improves its service, it may offer users more opportunities to customize content and other aspects of the site. Information provided by you may be used to assist in the customization process, if you elect to participate in these features.
To tailor advertising efforts. Most of the information and services available to you at the Web site are free. In order to continue providing services free of charge, the Web site sells advertising. Advertisers prefer to target their communication toward audiences who are most likely to be interested in their products. The information gathered on the Web site helps us advise advertisers in general terms about certain aspects of site visitors (e.g. how visitors use the site, general demographic attributes of visitors, usage patterns on various parts of our site, etc.). This information helps both advertisers and the Web site make better decisions about where to place advertising. This information may also be used to send targeted marketing, such as emails, to users that we think would be interested in such marketing. Visitors who choose to conduct financial transactions with advertisers on the Web site may also provide specific data to those advertisers during the process of their transactions. Additionally, any information provided during the purchase on the Web site of products or services will result in the collection of certain information required to complete the transaction.
To use third party service providers. We provide some services and products through third parties. These third party service providers may perform functions on our behalf, like sending out and distributing promotional emails. We may share your personally identifiable information with such service providers as necessary to allow those service providers to fulfill orders, send mail or email, administer contests or sweepstakes, remove repetitive information on customer lists, analyze data, provide marketing assistance, provide search results and links, process credit card payments, operate the Web site, troubleshoot, or provide customer service. We may also collect personal information from individuals and companies with whom we have business relationships ("Affiliates") and may share your information with service providers to accomplish our administrative tasks. For example, when you order a service, the third party payment processor we use releases your credit card information to the card-issuing bank to confirm payment for the service. The use of your personally identifiable information by these third parties is governed by the privacy policies of these third parties and is not subject to our control.
More specifically, here is how the Web site may use information you provide:
E-mail addresses. If you supply the Web site with your e-mail address, either by registering on the site, by communicating with us via e-mail, or signing up for promotional offers or emails we may, from time to time, send you information that we believe would be of interest to you via e-mail. This information may be from the Web site or sent by us on behalf of one of our quality advertisers. Note: If we send you e-mail on behalf of another company, your personally identifiable information is not disclosed to that company unless you purchase a product or service from that company in which case it may need your information to fulfill your purchase. Rather, the company provides us with the information it wants to send, and we prepare and send the e-mail directly to you. We may use a third party service provider to manage or send emails on our behalf, but that third party is only authorized to use your information as necessary to send our email to you and it is not authorized to sell or transfer your information.
Postal addresses. If you supply the Web site with your postal address, we may send you periodic mailings with information on new products, coming events, surveys or other research materials, or other information we think might be of interest to you.
Telephone numbers. If you provide your telephone number or cell phone number, the Web site may call or text you regarding orders you have placed online, to tell you about new products, services, or coming events, or to offer other information that may interest you. Additionally, the Web site or one of its agents may call you for research purposes.
Sale transaction information. From time to time, we provide offers from our advertisers who, as part of their offer, request information on customers who purchased their offer in order to allow the advertiser to fulfill the purchase. In those cases, we share some of your personally identifiable information with that advertiser. Sharing this Information may allow that advertiser to market directly to you should it choose to do so. However, we will only share personally identifiable information with an advertiser if you provide us that information and enter into a transaction with that advertiser on or through our Web site. We are not responsible or liable for the actions of such advertiser.
Business transfer. We may also share your information in the case our business is sold or transferred. If this occurs, the successor company would acquire the information we maintain, including personally identifiable information.
Except as necessary to process your requests or orders placed with advertisers or merchants featured on the Web site, or as otherwise described above, Lee BHM Corp. does not rent, sell, barter or give away any lists containing Personal Information for use by any outside company. Lee BHM Corp. also respects the privacy of data on your personal computer and does not access, read, upload or store data contained in or derived from your private files without your authorization.
Prohibited Uses
This Site is not intended for use by persons located within the European Economic Area (EEA). We do not request or accept personal information concerning or supplied by persons who are located within the EEA at the time they access this Site. If you have accessed this Site from within the EEA, you should immediately discontinue your use. If you have supplied personal information to us in violation of this provision, whether through the registration of new user accounts or otherwise, please contact us via
e-mail
.
Facebook Connect
Our Web site may allow users to access Facebook Connect to interact with friends and to share on Facebook through Wall and friends' News Feeds. If you are logged into our Web site and Facebook, when you click on "Connect with Facebook" your profiles will merge if the email addresses match. If the email addresses don't match, we ask you if you want to merge them and you must enter your Web site password to validate that they control that account. If you are already logged into our Web site but not logged into Facebook, when you click on "Connect with Facebook" you will be prompted to enter your Facebook credentials or to "Sign up for Facebook." By proceeding you are allowing the Web site to access your information and you are agreeing to the Facebook Terms of Use in your use of our Web site. Similar access to your information may occur if the Web site allows users to access other social applications similar to Facebook.
Conversely, if you are not currently registered as an the Web site user and you click on "Sign in Using Facebook," you will first be asked to enter your Facebook credentials and then be given the option to register and join the Web site. Once you register on our Web site and Connect with Facebook, you will be able to automatically post recent activity back to Facebook. You have the option to disable Facebook Connect at any time by logging into "My Profile" and clicking on "My Facebook Profile." Further, you can edit privacy settings for the reviews that appear on Facebook or disconnect this service by visiting the Facebook Application Settings page.
Links
The Lee BHM Corp. site contains links to other sites. Lee BHM Corp. is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites, including any sites that may indicate a special relationship or partnership with Lee BHM Corp. (such as co-branded pages or "powered by" or "in cooperation with" relationships). Lee BHM Corp. does not disclose personally identifiable information or unique identifiers to those responsible for the linked sites. The linked sites, however, may collect personal information from you that is not subject to Lee BHM Corp.'s control. To ensure protection of your privacy, always review the privacy policy of the sites you may visit by linking from the Lee BHM Corp. site.
Opt Out Procedures
You always may opt out of receiving future mailings or other information from Lee BHM Corp.. If the mailing does not have an e-mail cancellation form, send us an e-mail the type of information that you no longer desire to receive.
You may opt out of any or all contacts from the Web site at any time. All e-mails sent to you from the Web site will allow you to opt out of any further e-mail from us. You may
e-mail
us to opt out of our email programs. You may also write or call us at the following address and phone number to notify us regarding use of your information: 333 Franklin Street, Richmond, VA 23219; phone: 804.649.6588.
When you register on the Web site, you will be given the opportunity to opt out of further communication from us.
You may accept certain kinds of contact and decline others. For example, you may choose to accept e-mails, but not postal mail or telephone calls.
If, at any time in the future, the Web site decides to use information provided by you in a way not described here, we will contact you beforehand to explain the use of the information and give you the opportunity to decline that use.
Children's Privacy
The following additional terms, conditions and notices apply to use of the Web site by children under the age of 13 years whenever Lee BHM Corp. becomes aware that a user is in that age range:
Users under 13 years of age may not submit or post information on the Web site without the consent of the user's parent or legal guardian. Prior to collecting any personal information about a child under 13, Lee BHM Corp. makes reasonable efforts to obtain consent from the child's parent after informing the parent about the types of information Lee BHM Corp. will collect, how it will be used, and under what circumstances it will be disclosed.
Although Lee BHM Corp. will apply these children's terms and conditions whenever it becomes aware that a user who submits Personal Information is less than 13 years old, no method is foolproof. Lee BHM Corp. strongly encourages parents and guardians to supervise their children's online activities and consider using parental control tools available from online services and software manufacturers to help provide a child-friendly online environment. These tools also can prevent children from disclosing online their name, address, and other personal information without parental permission.
"Personal information" collected from children may include any of the information defined above as "Personal Information" with respect to general users of the Web site and may be used by Lee BHM Corp. for the same purposes. Except as necessary to process a child's requests or orders placed with advertisers or merchants featured on the Web site, Lee BHM Corp. does not rent, sell, barter or give away any lists containing a child's Personal Information for use by any outside company.
If a child enters a game, contest or other activity sponsored by Lee BHM Corp. on the Web site, the child may be required by Lee BHM Corp. to provide the minimum Personal Information reasonably necessary for the child to participate in such activity.
A child's parent or legal guardian may request Lee BHM Corp. to provide a description of the Personal Information that Lee BHM Corp. has collected from the child, as well as instruct Lee BHM Corp. to cease further use, maintenance and collection of Personal Information from the child.
If a child voluntarily discloses his or her name, e-mail address or other personally-identifying information on chat areas, bulletin boards or other forums or public posting areas, such disclosures may result in unsolicited messages from other parties.
Cancellation
Your subscription will not automatically stop at expiration.  To cancel your subscription, please contact customer service. Returning subscribers wishing to opt-out of premium editions must do so when restarting.
Refund Policies
Subscriber refunds will be issued within two weeks of cancellation. Refunds will be issued per the original method of payment.  There is a $5 processing fee for all refunds remitted to the customer.
Advertiser refunds will be granted upon cancellation of an entire run schedule if notice of cancellation is received from the advertiser prior to the beginning of the run schedule. Refunds will be issued per the original method of payment and will be processed within 10 business days of the request.
Account Setup Fee
All new subscriptions and restarts of subscriptions stopped for 30 days or more may be charged a one-time account setup fee as listed below; if not paid in advance, this may shorten your subscription expiration date.
* Scottsbluff Star-Herald: $8.95
* Gering Courier: $4.95
* Hemingford Ledger: $4.95
Mailed Subscription Renewal Charge
Your renewal notice now includes a $3.95 charge for mailing it.  This fee will defray our cost associated with printing as well as postage and handling.  You can avoid the fee by signing up for EasyPay or eBilling.
General
These Terms and Conditions constitute the entire agreement and understanding between you and Lee BHM Corp. with respect to use of the Web site, superseding all prior or contemporaneous communications and/or proposals. Lee BHM Corp. reserves the right to make changes to these Terms and Conditions immediately by posting the changed Terms and Conditions in this location. By continuing to use the Web site, you are agreeing to all changes made by Lee BHM Corp.. A printed version of these Terms and Conditions shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to use of the Web site to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form.
The Web site is controlled and operated by Lee BHM Corp. from its principal office in the Commonwealth of Virginia, USA. Lee BHM Corp. makes no representation that materials on the Web site are appropriate or available for use in other locations. Those who choose to access the Web site from other locations do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable. The Web site is not intended to subject Lee BHM Corp. to the laws or jurisdiction of any state, country or territory other than the State/Commonwealth of Virginia and the United States of America.
Premium Editions
The Scottsbluff Star-Herald, Gering Courier and Hemingford Ledger may enhance the newspaper with up to six premium editions annually. These special editions are not included in our standard subscription price, so they require an additional charge that could result in a slightly shortened subscription length. If you prefer to opt out, please contact us at the customer service phone number just above the remittance stub.
Current Pricing
Your subscription expiration date is based on current pricing and subject to change based on future price adjustments.
Vacation No Credit
We no longer offer vacation credit. All print subscribers are eligible for All Access, which will allow access to all on-line content, including the digital replica of the newspaper.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of the Lee BHM Corp. site, or your dealings with Lee BHM Corp., you may contact us at:
Lee BHM Corp.
Contact us via
e-mail
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://starherald.com/privacy:
Opens in a new window
Opens an external website
Opens an external website in a new window
Close this dialog
We and our 92 IAB TCF partners store and access information on your device for the following purposes: store and/or access information on a device, advertising and content measurement, audience research, and services development, personalised advertising, and personalised content.
Personal data may be processed to do the following: use precise geolocation data and actively scan device characteristics for identification.
Our third party IAB TCF partners may store and access information on your device such as IP address and device characteristics. Our IAB TCF Partners may process this personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, or with your consent. You may change or withdraw your preferences at any time by clicking on the cookie icon or link; however, as a consequence, you may not see relevant ads or personalized content.
You may change your settings at any time or accept the default settings.
You may close this banner to continue with only essential cookies.
Privacy Policy
Third Parties
Manage Preferences
Accept All
Reject All
Skip to main content
Skip to main content
We are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the E-edition. We apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
55°
Log In
Subscribe
$1 for 3 months
Guest
Logout
Read Today's E-edition
News
Local
Wildfires
Farm & Ranch
Crime
State & Regional
Education
Politics
Nation & World
Markets & Stocks
News Tip
Business
State
Obituaries
Share a story
Recent Obituaries
Find an Obituary
Opinion
Submit a letter
Letters
Editorial
Columnists
Cartoons
Sports
High School
College
Huskers
Professional
Lifestyles
Calendar
Arts & Theatre
Movies & TV
Music
Comics
Games & Puzzles
Contests
Play
Food & Cooking
Home & Gardening
Health
Get Healthy
Parenting
Fashion
People
Pets
Travel
Announcements
Join the community
News tip
Share video
Send a story
Share a photo
Brand Ave. Studios
Print Edition
E-edition
Today's Ads
Special Sections
Star-Herald Archives
Our Publications
Gering
Hemingford
Buy & Sell
Place An Ad
Jobs
Cars
Marketplace
Shop Local
Today's Deal
Public Notices
Shopping
Curated Commerce
Customer Service
Manage Subscription
Activate Digital Subscription
Newsletter Signup
Subscribe
Contact Us
Photo Submissions
Submit News
Help Center
Gift Subscriptions
Mobile Apps
Weather: Live radar
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Instagram
© 2025 Lee Enterprises
Terms of Service
|
Privacy Policy
Subscribe
$1 for 3 months
Read Today's E-edition
Log In
Welcome,
Guest
My Subscription
Help Center
Dashboard
Profile
Saved items
Logout
E-edition
News
Obituaries
Opinion
Sports
Puzzles
Lifestyles
Public Notices
Jobs
Wildfires
55°
Clear
Privacy
Lee Enterprises, Incorporated and its affiliates, successors and assigns ("Lee Enterprises Inc.", "us", "our" or "we") want you to be familiar with our privacy practices because we understand you are concerned about your privacy and how we use your information.  This Privacy Policy details how we collect, use, disclose, and safeguard information from and about you both online and offline, including when you visit our websites, whether accessed through a computer, tablet, smartphone or other device, mobile sites, mobile applications, and other applications (collectively, "Site(s)"), and to any services that display this notice (collectively, the "services").  This Privacy Policy does not describe the privacy practices of the following Lee affiliates: Brand Ave. Studios, Amplified Digital, and Blox Digital.  Please reference the specific privacy policies for the listed Lee affiliates to learn more about their privacy practices.
This Site is not intended for use by persons located within the European Economic Area (EEA).  We do not request or accept personal information concerning or supplied by persons who are located within the EEA at the time they access this Site.  If you have accessed this Site from within the EEA, you should immediately discontinue your use.  If you have supplied personal information to us in violation of this provision, whether through the registration of new user accounts or otherwise, please contact us at
privacy@lee.net
.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it.  By accessing or using this Site, you agree to this Privacy Policy.  This Privacy Policy may change from time to time (see Changes to This Privacy Policy).  Your continued use of the Sites after we make changes is deemed to be an acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.
You can access the specific topics in this Privacy Policy by clicking the relevant links below:
Types Of Information We Collect
Use And Processing Of Information
Disclosures Of Information
Your Choices
How We Protect Personal Information
Notice of Collection for California Residents
Transmission Of Information To Other Countries
Third Party Applications/Websites
Changes To This Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Retention of Personal Information
Children's Privacy
Contact Information
Types Of Information We Collect
Information Automatically Gathered About All Visitors:
We collect aggregate and user-specific information on which pages consumers access or visit.  This information is used to generate reports that help us assess the value of an interest in the various Sites and services we provide.  We use the information we collect to improve the content of our Sites and services.  We can build better Sites and provide better services if we know which pages our users are visiting, how often they visit and how long they stay on a page.  The following provides examples of the type of information that we collect from you and how we use that information.
Context
Types of Information
Primary Purpose for Collection and Use of Information
Geolocation Information
When you use one of our Mobile Apps we may collect your general location from the GPS, Wi-Fi, and/or cellular technology in your device.
We use this information to provide our Site to you with services and information specific to those available in your location. We also use this information to understand our users and provide tailored services.  In some contexts, our use is also based upon your consent to provide us with geolocation information.
Email Interconnectivity
If you receive email from us, we use certain tools to capture data related to when you open our message or click on any links or banners it contains.  For more information relating to the use of such tools, review our
Cookie Policy
.
We use this information to understand how you interact with our communications to you.
Website interactions
We use technology, including electronic files called web beacons, to monitor how you interact with our Site.  This includes which pages you visit, which links you click on, or information that you type into our online forms.
We use this information to understand how you interact with our Site to better improve it, and to understand your preferences and interests to select offerings that you might find most useful.  We also use this information to detect and prevent fraud.
Web logs
We collect information, including your browser type, operating system, Internet Protocol (IP) address (a number that is automatically assigned to a computer when the Internet is used), domain name, click-activity, referring website, and/or a date/time stamp for visitors.
We use this information to monitor our networks, provide and maintain the functionality of our Site, including identifying and repairing errors or problems, security incidents; and to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding possible malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, including attempts to manipulate or violate our policies, procedures, and terms and conditions.
Third-Party Cross-Site Tracking
We participate in behavior-based advertising, which means that a third-party uses technology (e.g., a cookie) to collect information about your use of our Site so that they can provide advertising about products and services tailored to your interests on our Site, or on other websites.  For more information relating to the use of such tools, review our
Cookie Policy
.
We use this information to engage in behavior-based advertising and capture Site analytics.
Information Gathered by Voluntary Submission:
To make use of certain features on our Sites (such as contests, story comments, letters to the editor, personalized web pages and other interactive forums and blogs) visitors need to register and to provide certain information as part of the registration or participation process.  The information you supply will help us offer you more personalized features, to tailor our services to your interests and make them more useful to you.  Supplying such information is entirely voluntary.  But if you do not supply the information we need, we may be unable to provide you with services and content we make available to other visitors to our Sites.  The following provides examples of the type of information that we collect from you and how we use that information.
Context
Types of Information
Primary Purpose for Collection and Use of Information
Account Registration
We collect your name and contact information when you create an account. We also collect information relating to the actions that you perform while logged into your account.
We use this information to provide account-related functionalities to our users, including account creation and maintenance, and to provide the relevant services to you.  Accounts can be used to save your preferences and transaction history.
Automated Account Services
We collect your name and contact information, including e-mail address, if you sign up for any of our automated account services.
We use this information to provide transactional e-mails regarding the status of your account, including confirmations, notices of expiration and renewal and other related electronic correspondence.
Obituary Information
When you submit information to our obituary services, we may collect the deceased's name, a picture, a video, or any other personal information you submit about the deceased.
We use this information to provide you the services requested.
Feedback/Support
If you provide us feedback or contact us for support we will collect your name and e-mail address, as well as any other content that you send to us, in order to reply.
We use this information to receive, and act upon, your feedback or issues, such as to develop new ways to meet our customers' needs and to grow our business.
Mailing List
When you sign up for one of our mailing lists, we collect your email address or postal address.
We use this information to share information about our products or services with you and otherwise provide you with marketing or promotional materials.
Partner Promotion
We collect information that you provide as part of a co-branded promotion with another company.
We use this information in fulfilling our promotions.
Subscription Purchase
We collect your name, billing address, shipping address, e-mail address, phone number, and credit card number when you purchase a subscription.
We use your information to provide you with the requested products or services.
Surveys
When you participate in a survey, we collect information that you provide through the survey.  If the survey is provided by a third-party service provider, the third party's privacy policy applies to the collection, use, and disclosure of your information.
We use this information to understand your opinions, conduct analytics to improve our products or services, and collect information relevant to our organization.
Sweepstakes or contests
When you participate in a sweepstakes or contest, we collect information about you which includes contact information to notify you if you are selected.
We use this information to operate sweepstakes. In some contexts, we are also required by law to collect information about those individuals who enter into our sweepstakes.
Inferences
We may draw inferences based on the information identified in this section.
We use this information to provide you more personalized services.
In addition to the information that we collect from you directly, we may also receive information about you from other sources, including third parties, business partners, our affiliates, or publicly available sources.
Use And Processing Of Information
In addition to the purposes and uses described above, we use information in the following ways:
To identify you when you visit our Sites.
To provide products and services.
To improve our Sites, services, and product offerings.
To conduct statistical, marketing and demographic analyses of our delivery subscribers and their subscription patterns.
To respond to inquiries related to support, employment opportunities, or other requests.
To send marketing and promotional materials, including information relating to our products, services, sales, or promotions.
For internal administrative purposes, as well as to manage our relationships.
Although the sections above describe our primary purpose in collecting your information, in many situations we have more than one purpose.  For example, if you purchase a subscription we collect your information to provide the service to you, but we also collect your information as we have a legitimate interest in maintaining your information after your transaction is complete so that we can quickly and easily respond to any questions about your subscription.  As a result, our collection and processing of your information is based in different contexts upon your consent, our need to provide the service you purchased, our obligations under law, and/or our legitimate interest in conducting our business.
Disclosures Of Information
In addition to the specific situations discussed elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, we disclose information in the following situations:
Affiliates and Acquisitions.
We may disclose information to our corporate affiliates (e.g., parent company, sister companies, subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under common control).  If another company acquires our company, business, or our assets, we will also disclose information to that company, including at the negotiation stage.
Other Disclosures with Your Consent.
We may ask if you would like us to disclose your information to other unaffiliated third parties who are not described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy.
Other Disclosures without Your Consent.
We may disclose information in response to subpoenas, warrants, or court orders, or in connection with any legal process, or to comply with relevant laws.  We may also disclose your information in order to establish or exercise our rights, to defend against a legal claim, to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding possible illegal activities, suspected fraud, safety of person or property, or a violation of our policies, or to comply with your request for the shipment of products to or the provision of services by a third-party intermediary.
Public.
Some of our Sites may provide the opportunity to post comments, letters to the editor, or reviews, in a public forum or blog.  If you decide to submit information on these pages, that information may be publicly available.
Partner Promotion.
We may offer contests, sweepstakes, or other promotions with third party partners.  If you decide to enter a contest, sweepstakes, or promotion that is sponsored by a third party partner the information that you provide will be disclosed to them.  Their use of your information is not governed by this Privacy Policy.
Service Providers.
We disclose your information to service providers.  Among other things, service providers help us to process payments, and assist in the fulfillment of orders, e-mail distribution, list processing and analytics or promotions management.
Social-Media Platforms.
Account registration can be done by linking your Facebook or Google accounts.  If you choose to link your social-media account or account relating to other third-party services, you may be asking third parties to send us certain information from those social media accounts or services accounts, and you are authorizing us to collect, store, and use what they send us in accordance with this Privacy Policy.  The use of your information by those third parties is not governed by this Privacy Policy.
Social Media Networks.
Some of our websites have features such as, plugins, widgets, or and other tools made available by third parties that may result in information being collected or disclosed between us and the third party.  The third party's use of your information is not governed by this policy.  You may have the right to opt out of our use of these technologies, as further described in this policy.
Aggregated and Deidentified Personal Information
We may disclose or use aggregated or deidentified data for any lawful purpose.  Aggregated data means information that relates to a group or category of consumers, from which individual consumer identities have been removed, that is not linked or reasonably linkable to an individual consumer or household.  Deidentified data means information that cannot reasonably be used to infer information about, or otherwise be linked to, an identified or identifiable consumer.  Aggregated or Deidentified data is generally not considered to be personal information.
In the last twelve months, we have "sold" and "shared" (as such terms are defined in the California Privacy Rights Act ("CPRA"); the Colorado Privacy Act; ("CPA"); the Delaware Personal Data Privacy Act (“DPDPA”); the Montana Consumer Data Privacy Act (“MCDPA”); the Nebraska Data Privacy Act (“NEDPA”); the New Jersey Consumer Data Privacy Act (“NJDPA”); the Oregon Consumer Privacy Act (“OCPA”); and the Texas Data Privacy and Security Act (“TDPSA”)) and have disclosed for the purposes of targeted advertising the following categories of personal information for marketing purposes to business partners and third parties, such as social media platforms and/or data brokers as described in this Privacy Policy. We do not knowingly sell or share the personal information of persons under the age of 16. We may sell or share the following information:
Identifiers
, such as name, unique personal identifier, online identifier, and IP addresses;
Commercial Information
, such as products or services purchased or obtained; and
Internet or Other Electronic Network Activity Information
, such as browsing history, search history, and other information regarding your interactions with our Site and other sites over time.
As further explained below, you may have the right to opt out of our "selling" or "sharing" of your personal information.
Your Choices
Consistent with applicable law, you may exercise the rights described in this section. Please note that some of the rights may vary depending on your country, province, or state of residence. For example, the following rights may be available to you if you reside in the states of California, Colorado, Delaware, Iowa, Montana, Nebraska, Nevada, New Jersey, Oregon, Texas, or Virginia.
Promotional Emails.
You may choose to provide us with your email address for the purpose of allowing us to send free newsletters, surveys, offers, and other promotional materials to you, as well as targeted offers from third parties.  You can stop receiving promotional emails by following the unsubscribe instructions in emails that you receive.  If you decide not to receive promotional emails, we may still send you service-related communications.
Promotional Mailings.
If at any time you do not want to receive offers and/or circulars from us you can remove yourself from our mailing lists by emailing us (our contact information is below) with "NO SNAIL MAIL" in the subject line along with your name, address and zip code.  Although we will remove your name from our mailing list after receiving your request, you may still receive mailings from us that had been initiated prior to your name being removed.
Promotional Text Messages.
If you receive a text message from us that contains promotional information you can opt-out of receiving future text messages by replying "STOP."
Access To Your Personal Information.
You have the right to request access to personal information we hold about you.  Specifically, you have the right to request access to information about the categories of personal information concerned and categories of recipients to whom the personal information has been or will be disclosed, and the sources from which we receive that personal information among other information.  You generally have the right to receive this personal information, in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format so you can transmit this personal information to another entity.
Changes/ Corrections To Your Personal Information.
We rely on you to update and correct your personal information.  Most of our Sites allow you to modify or delete your account profile.  Note that we may keep historical information in our backup files as permitted by law.  If our Site does not permit you to update or correct certain information contact us at the address described below.
Deletion Of Your Personal Information.
Typically, we retain your personal information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this policy, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.  You may, however, request information about how long we keep a specific type of information, or request that we delete your personal information by contacting us at the address described below.  In addition, we may keep your personal information as needed to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and/or enforce any of our agreements.
Opt-Out of the Selling or Sharing of Other Personal Information.
Our use of cookies or other tracking technologies may be deemed a "sale" or "share" of personal information (in this context "sharing" means cross-contextual behavioral advertising). You may elect to opt out of the future use of cookies for these purposes by clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information (Opt Out of Targeted Advertising)" button at the footer of our Site.  If you previously gave consent to these uses and wish to withdraw that consent, please contact us at
privacy@lee.net
or as otherwise described in this Policy.
The disclosure of the following categories of personal information may be considered a "share" or "sale": direct identifiers, device information, geolocation data, internet and other electronic activity information (including across sites and over time).
The personal information considered above is disclosed to the following categories of third parties: social media platforms and networks, data brokers, and advertising partners or platforms.
Opt-Out of Targeted Advertising.
Our use of cookies or other tracking technologies may be considered "targeted advertising" under applicable law. If you would like to opt out of future use of these technologies for targeted advertising, please click on the "Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information (Opt Out of Targeted Advertising)" button at the footer of our Site. If you previously gave consent to these uses and wish to withdraw that consent, please contact us at
privacy@lee.net
or as otherwise described in this Policy.
Objection to Processing or Revocation Of Consent.
In certain circumstances, you may object to processing of your personal information.  If you revoke your consent for the processing of personal information then we may no longer be able to provide you services.  In some cases, we may limit or deny your request to revoke consent if the law permits or requires us to do so, or if we are unable to adequately verify your identity.  You may revoke consent to processing (where such processing is based upon consent) by contacting us at the address described below.
Non-discrimination
We do not discriminate against consumers who exercise any of their rights described in this Privacy Policy, nor do we retaliate against employees who exercise these rights. However, we may require the use of your personal information to provide access to the services. Therefore, when you exercise your deletion right, in particular, as well as other rights, you may lose access to certain aspects of the services that require your personal information.  We also may charge a different price or provide a different level of service when such differences are part of a bona fide loyalty rewards program, premium feature subscription, discount, club card program, or other program permitted by applicable law.
Right to Consent to or Limit the Use of Your Sensitive Personal Information.
You have the right to consent to the processing of your sensitive personal information. Separately, you may have the right to instruct us to limit the use and disclosure of your sensitive personal information to only that which is necessary to perform the services or provide the goods reasonably expected by an average consumer or for specific business purposes defined by law.
Right to Appeal.
You have the right to appeal our decisions about your privacy requests. If you would like to appeal a decision regarding your privacy request, please contacts us. Additionally, you may contact the Attorneys General Office of your state of residence.
In order to process a request to access, modify, or delete your personal information, you can contact us at
privacy@lee.net
or
800-452-7570
.  We must be able to verify your identity to make sure you are the person about whom we have collected personal information or an authorized representative.  Depending on the type of request, we may conduct the verification process by email or phone using information that matches our records.  The information you must provide as part of the verification process may include name, contact information (such as email address or phone number), relationship with us, and residency.  We may also ask for additional information as needed based on your relationship with us.
If you are a California resident, you may designate an authorized agent to submit a request on your behalf to access or delete your personal information.  To do so, you must (1) provide that authorized agent written and signed permission to submit such request, and (2) verify your own identity directly with us.
In some cases, we may limit or deny your requests to access, modify, or delete your information, or to revoke consent or object.  This may occur because the law permits or requires us to do so, or if we are unable to adequately verify your identity.
How We Protect Personal Information
No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is fully secure.  While we use reasonable efforts to protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information.
Some of our Sites permit you to create an account.  When you do you will be prompted to create a password.  You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password, and you are responsible for any access to or use of your account by someone else that has obtained your password, whether or not such access or use has been authorized by you.  You should notify us of any unauthorized use of your password or account.
Notice of Collection for California Residents
California law indicates that organizations should disclose whether certain categories of personal information are collected, "sold," "shared," or disclosed for an organization's "business purpose" (as those terms are defined under California law).  You can find a list of the categories of information that we may "sell" or "share" above.  Please note that because this list is comprehensive it may refer to types of information that we share or sell about people other than yourself.
Additional information about how your information is used or disclosed can be found in the
Types Of Information We Collect
section above.
Notice for Oregon Residents
This website is owned by Lee Enterprises, Incorporated, a Delaware corporation headquartered in Davenport, Iowa.  We are registered to do business in the State of Oregon under the following assumed names: Albany Democrat-Herald, Mid Valley Media Group, Mid Valley Newspapers, Corvallis Gazette-Times, Lebanon Express, and The Daily News.
Transmission Of Information To Other Countries
We are established in the United States.  By submitting your personal information to us you agree to the transfer, storage and processing of your information in a country other than your country of residence including, but not necessarily limited to, the United States.  If you would like more information concerning our attempts to apply the privacy principles applicable in one jurisdiction to data when it goes to another jurisdiction you can contact us using the
Contact Information
below.
Third Party Applications/Websites
Our Sites contain numerous links to websites or applications that are owned or operated by third parties. Please note that any personal information that you provide to such third parties will be governed by their privacy policies, and we have no control over the privacy practices of websites or applications that we do not own.  You should refer to each of those third-party websites for details about what information is collected and how it is used and/or shared prior to providing any personal information.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may change our Privacy Policy and practices over time.  To the extent that our policy changes in a material way, the policy that was in place at the time that you submitted personal information to us will generally govern that information unless we receive your consent to the new privacy policy.  When we post changes to this Privacy Policy, we will indicate the effective date with the "Last Updated" date at the bottom of this page.
Cookie Policy
This Cookie Policy describes how and when we use different types of cookies when you visit our Sites, whether accessed through a computer, tablet, smartphone or other device, and our mobile applications.
What Are Cookies?
A cookie is a small text file that is sent to your internet browser from the websites you visit and stored on your computer's hard drive or tablet or mobile device.  In a similar way to many other websites, we use cookies to help us tailor our services to your needs so we can deliver a better and more personalized service. It is a cookie, for example, that allows us to deliver to you any personalized information each time you visit our Sites.
What Types of Cookies Do We Use?
We place and access cookies on your computer; these cookies are known as "first-party cookies."  Cookies may also be placed and accessed by some of our third-party vendors, which are known as "third-party cookies" and are described below.  Some cookies are "session cookies," which means that they are temporary cookies that are only stored on your device while you are visiting our Site.  Other cookies are "persistent cookies," which means that they are stored on your device for a period of time after you leave our Site.
The following describes the different types of cookies that we use:
Cookie Type
Description
Advertising Cookies
Depending on your location and in certain circumstances, we may work with third-party online or mobile network advertisers that use cookies to help us manage advertising.  These cookies may enable third-party ad networks to recognize a unique cookie on your computer or mobile device and may be placed by us or our network advertising firm that works with our third-party network advertiser.  The information that is collected and shared by cookies may be linked to the device identifier of the device you are using to allow us to keep track of all the sites and mobile applications you have visited that are associated with the ad network.  This information may be used for the purpose of placing targeting advertisements on our Site and third-party sites or mobile applications based on those interests.  The information collected by these cookies may also be used to allow us to analyze the effectiveness of our advertisements.  Google Doubleclick for Publishers (DFP) is an ad network partner that displays ads on our Sites.
Click here
to learn more about Google DFP's ad practices, including how to opt out of using anonymous information to select which ads to show you.
Analytics Cookies
Analytics cookies collect information about your use of the website that allow us to study, and then improve, how customers interact with the website.  This is known as website analytics.  Analytics cookies allow us to understand more about how many visitors we have to our Sites, how many times they visit us and how many times a user viewed specific web pages within our Site.  Although analytics cookies allow us to gather specific information about the pages that you visit and whether you have visited our Site multiple times, we cannot use them to find out details such as your name or address.  Examples of analytical tools that we use are Google Analytics and Adobe Analytics.
Essential Cookies
These are cookies that our Site needs in order to function, and that enable you to move around and use its services and features.  Without these necessary cookies, the Site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like it to and we may not be able to provide the Site or certain services or features you request.  Examples of where these cookies are used include: to anonymously determine when you are signed in; to determine when a user's account has been inactive; and for other security purposes.
How Can I Manage My Cookies?
If you wish to manage or opt-out of cookies utilized by our Sites and third-party advertisers please refer to the
Your Choices
section above.
Commercially Recognized Opt Out Signal
We generally recognize commercially recognized opt-out preference signals (e.g., Global Privacy Controls).  Recognition of this signal applies only to the specific device and/or browser that communicates the signal and does not cross over to all devices/browsers you use to access the services.
Retention of Personal Information
We retain information about you and your use of our services for as long as is needed to fulfill our legitimate business purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy.  The specific periods for which we keep information about you vary depending on the nature of the information, why we need it, and whether the personal information is deidentified.  We also consider the minimum necessary retention period prescribed by applicable laws, recommended by industry standards, and stated in contracts and other legal obligations.
Children's Privacy
Our Site is not intended for or directed to children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 (or other relevant age of majority) without first obtaining parental consent in accordance with applicable laws.  Users under the age of 13 should not submit any personal information to us.  If we become aware that a child under the age of 13 has provided us with personal information, we will delete the information from our records.  We do not knowingly sell the personal information of minors less than 16 years of age.  If you believe we have collected personal information from your child in error or have questions or concerns about our practices relating to children, please notify us using the details in the
Contact Information
section below.  We will take prompt steps to remove the personal information from our systems.
Contact Information
If you have any questions, comments, or complaints concerning our privacy practices, please contact us at the appropriate address below.  We will attempt to respond to your requests and to provide you with additional privacy-related information.
Email:
privacy@lee.net
4600 E 53rd St
Davenport, IA 52807
(563) 383-2200
800-452-7570
1-308-632-9010
Last Updated: January 2025
© Copyright 2025
Scottsbluff Star-Herald Online
, PO Box 1709 Scottsbluff, NE 69363-1709
Terms of Use
|
Privacy Policy
|
Advertising Terms of Use
|
Do Not Sell My Info
|
Cookie Preferences
Powered by
BLOX Content Management System
from
bloxdigital.com
.
You don't have any notifications.
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.
Topics
Trending
Subscribe
Breaking News
Subscribe