Privacy Policy
Last Updated: October 26, 2023. These updated terms and policies will be effective as of December 1st, 2023, unless you agree to them before then.
‍
This Privacy Policy (“
Policy
”) describes how Line Services Inc. (“
LineLeap
,” “
we
,” “
us
,” “
our
”) collects, uses, and discloses information from and about you via our website at lineleap.com (the “
Site
”), our mobile application (the “
App
”), and in connection with any other services we offer (collectively, the “
Services
”). By using the Services, you agree to this Policy.
Please read this Policy carefully to understand how we handle your information. By using the Services, you acknowledge that you have read and understand this Policy and that we collect, use, disclose, and retain your information as set forth below. If you do not agree to this Policy, please do not use the Services.
1. Information We Collect
The information we collect from and about you may vary depending on how you interact with us and use the Services. We collect information from three main sources: (a) from you; (b) automatically, using cookies and other similar technologies; and (c) from other sources.
(a) Information You Provide to Us
We collect information that you provide to us when you interact with us or use the Services, including any information you provide when you create an account, input information on the Site or App, or contact us in any way, such as by email, phone, or an online form or chat function. This information may include:
Identifiers, such as your name, email address, phone number, user ID, mailing address, and login information.
Commercial information, such as purchases you make through the Services.
Financial information, such as the last four digits of your payment card, expiration date, and billing address (please note that a third-party payment processor collects and processes full payment information on our behalf).
Account information, such as your login information (please note that if you log in through a third party such as Google or Apple, we may collect login information from them);
Content you upload to the Services, including photos, videos, posts, or other content that you post or share through the Services; your “likes” and comments on content on the Services; and contents of communications between you and other users conducted via the Services, such as the contents of direct messages between users.
Geolocation data, including precise location.
Any other information you provide us, including your age or birthday, information in any communications with us, your interactions with us on social media pages or platforms, and your interactions with us via any chat features we may make available.
Please be aware that when you upload, post, or otherwise provide content to the Services, such content is visible to other users and you should consider this information to be public. This includes information you post such as photos, the people tagged in those posts, where the photo was taken, and your interactions (e.g., likes and comments) with other users’ posts; your profile photo; other information associated with your profile; and content you share on the App. Your friends may be able to share your photos on the App. You may have choices about the visibility of your content.
In addition, any content you post may be used by us or by venues, including via the venue’s social media pages and accounts and in connection with marketing or other promotions. For example, if you post a photo of yourself at a venue on the App, we or that venue may post that photo on our or its social media accounts, respectively. Where content is displayed on or through a venue or other third-party service, their privacy notices (e.g., not this Policy) apply to that information, so please consult them for more information about how your information may be handled.
You should exercise discretion in deciding what information and content you share, post, and otherwise provide via the Services. You are solely liable for the content you upload, and we are not responsible or liable for any consequences of your decision to provide content to the Services.
(b) Information Collected Automatically
We also collect Internet or other electronic network activity information, as follows. When you use the Services, we and our vendors may collect certain information about you automatically using cookies and similar technologies. Cookies are small text files placed on your device that perform a variety of functions, including recognizing your device, remembering your preferences, enabling the Services to function, assisting with security, and improving our advertising and analytics. Cookies and similar technologies may collect information about your device and your use of the Services, such as your IP address, device identifiers and online identifiers (such as cookie IDs and mobile advertising ID), and information about your web browser (such as language and preferences), operating system (such as version), device (such as model and manufacturer), and activity on our online services (such as pages you visit, links you click, and the webpages you visit before and after visiting the Services).
(c) Information Collected From Other Sources
We may collect information about you from other sources, including business partners (such as venues and event producers), marketers, and data compilers. We also may collect information on our social media accounts (including comments on pages or profiles), information about your social media profile that is viewable by us, and publicly available information.
We may combine the information we collect from third parties with information that we collect from you or through your use of the Services, and likewise we may combine any information that we collect from you with other such information.
2. How We Use Information
We may use the information we collect for various purposes, depending on the type of information and the Services you use, including:
To provide the Services, including to register you for an account and fulfill your requests;
To communicate with you about the Services, including about your account and changes to our policies, and respond to your requests and inquiries, including to provide support and troubleshooting assistance;
To manage and remember your preferences and customize the Services;
To monitor, analyze, and improve the Services;
To authenticate you and allow you to log into your account;
To process transactions (as noted above, a third-party payment processor processes full payment information on our behalf);
To engage in analysis, research and reports regarding the use of our Services;
To test and create new products, features and services;
To advertise and market our Services to you and others, including on third-party websites and via email;
To identify potential business partners and others interested in purchasing our Services;
To conduct joint marketing campaigns;
To conduct sweepstakes and contests;
For our own business and commercial purposes;
To understand and resolve any technical and security issues reported on the Services;
To comply with legal requirements, relevant industry standards, and our policies;
To protect the safety, rights, property or security of LineLeap, our users, employees, third parties, members of the public and/or our Services;
To prevent fraud, for security operations, and to enforce our legal terms and policies; and
For any other purpose (where required, with your consent).
We may combine information that we collect from and about you (including automatically collected information) with information that we obtain about you from third parties and use such combined information in accordance with this Policy.
We may aggregate, de-identify, and/or anonymize any information collected through the Services so that such information is not reasonably able to identify you. We may use and disclose aggregated, de-identified, and/or anonymized information for any purpose and to any third party, at our discretion.
3. How and To Whom We Disclose Information
We may disclose the information we collect as follows:
Internally
. LineLeap employees access information collected from and about you to provide the Services.
Affiliated entities
. We may disclose your information to our corporate affiliates.
Vendors
. We may disclose your information to vendors that provide us with services that help us run our company and provide the Services, including data hosting and storage, security, analytics, marketing, advertising, email management, and legal services.
Business partners
.  We may disclose your information to our third-party business partners such as the venues we work with, our brand partners, event producers, and data compilers including so that they may use that information to develop future business plans (with us or others), to gain insights into their business, to market to you, and to provide you with information about activities and services that they think may be of interest to you.
Legal matters and safety
. We may disclose information if required to do so by law or in a good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal process (for example, a subpoena or court order); (b) enforce our legal terms, including this Policy, or other contracts with you; (c) respond to legal claims; or (d) protect the rights, property, or personal safety of LineLeap, our employees, or others.
Business transfers
. We may disclose your information in connection with any organizational restructuring (e.g., a sale, merger, or acquisition), or in the event of insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership. In such transactions or events (including in contemplation of transactions, e.g., due diligence), we may disclose your information. If any of our assets are sold or transferred to a third party, your information may be one of the transferred business assets.
With your permission
. We may disclose your information in ways you consent to at the time of collection or as you otherwise permit us.
4. Security
We take physical, administrative, and technical steps to help safeguard the information we collect from and about you. While we take efforts to protect the integrity and security of our network and systems, no security measures are perfect, and we cannot guarantee that our security measures will work perfectly.
5. Retention
We retain information for different periods of time depending on the purposes for which we collect and use it, as described in this Policy. There may be technical or other operational reasons where we are unable to fully delete or de-identify your information.
6. Your Rights and Choices
(a) Marketing Communications
You may opt out of email communications from us by clicking the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of the emails. If you are currently receiving SMS/text messages from us and wish to opt out of receiving such messages, you may do so by replying “STOP.” Note that you may continue to receive service-related communications such as communications regarding your account, transactions you engage in, and changes to our legal terms, including this Policy. We process requests to be placed on do-not-mail, do-not-phone, and do-not-contact lists as required by applicable law.
We may also send you push notifications through our mobile application. You may control how and whether you receive push notifications by changing our app’s permissions through your mobile device settings.
(b) Cookies
As mentioned above, we and our vendors use cookies and similar technologies to collect certain information about you. You may be able to set your internet browser or device to stop accepting new cookies, notice when you receive a new cookie, or disable existing cookies. Please consult the “Help” section of your browser for more information. The setting will apply only to the browser or device you are using, so you will need to reset the setting on a different browser or device. If you disable some or all cookies, the Services may not function as intended and some features may be unavailable.
(c) Online Analytics
We and our vendors may use third-party analytics services on the Services to help us understand how users engage with the Services, including Google Analytics. These parties may use cookies and other technologies to help collect, analyze, and provide us with reports and/or data. For more information about Google Analytics and how it collects and processes data, please visit:
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
. To opt out of Google Analytics using your information for analytics purposes, see:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
.
(d) Online Advertising
We may allow third-party advertising technologies (e.g., ad networks and ad servers, or other advertising partners) to place cookies or other tracking technologies on your browser or device to collect information about you to assist in the delivery of relevant advertising on other websites you visit and other online services you use. These ads may be based on your current activity or your activity over time and across other websites and online services and may be tailored to your interests. For example, if you visit our Site, you may see ads for LineLeap on other websites you visit.
We neither have access to, nor does this Policy govern, the cookies or other tracking technologies that may be placed on the device you use to access the Services by such non-affiliated third parties. If you are interested in more information about tailored browser advertising and how you can generally control cookies from being put on your computer to deliver tailored advertising, you may visit the
Network Advertising Initiative’s Consumer Opt-Out link
, the
Digital Advertising Alliance’s Consumer Opt-Out link
, or
Your Online Choices
to opt out of receiving tailored advertising from companies that participate in those programs. You also may
opt-out from Google Analytics for Display Advertising or the Google Display Network
by using Google’s Ads Settings.
Mobile devices often include settings to help you manage how your device collects and shares information for advertising purposes.  For more information on how to manage those devices settings, please visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s mobile choice page at
https://www.networkadvertising.org/mobile-choice
.
Modifying your mobile device or browser settings or opting out of tailored advertising via your web browser, may have different results depending on the type of device or web browser you use and the version of your device operating system. Opting out of tailored advertising does not prevent you from seeing ads online; instead, the ads you see are less likely to be customized to your interests. Opting out is generally effective only on a device-by-device, or browser-by-browser basis. If you use more than one browser or device, the effect of any opt-out mechanism may be limited to the device on which you used the mechanism.
(e) Do Not Track (DNT)
DNT is a privacy preference that users can set in certain web browsers. We do not currently recognize or respond to browser initiated DNT signals. You can learn more about DNT
here
.
(f) California “Shine the Light” Disclosure
The California “Shine the Light” law gives residents of California the right under certain circumstances to opt out of the disclosure of certain categories of “personal information” (as defined in the Shine the Light law) to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please contact using the contact information at the end of this Policy.
7. Children’s Privacy
Our Services are not intended for individuals under the age of 18. We do not knowingly solicit or collect “personal information” (as defined in applicable law) from children under the age permitted by applicable law without parental consent. If you are a parent or guardian and believe that your child disclosed information to us in a way that is prohibited by applicable children's privacy laws, please contact us using the contact information below.
8. Third-Party Links and Content
The Services may have links to third-party websites, apps, or communities that may have privacy policies that differ from ours. We are not responsible for the practices of such websites, apps, or communities. You should check their privacy policies to understand how they handle your information. Likewise, the Services may have third-party content. We are not responsible in any way for third-party content on our Services and do not make any representations concerning the accuracy of such content. You interact with third-party content at your own risk.
9. Supplemental Notice for Non-U.S. Residents
Please note that LineLeap is located in the United States. If you are located outside of the United States, please be aware that we process and store your information in the United States. Your information will be protected subject to this Policy and United States laws, which may not be as protective as the data protection laws in your country.
10. Changes to This Policy
We may change this Policy from time to time. If we make any changes, we will change the Last Updated date above. We encourage you to read this Policy carefully and regularly check for changes. You acknowledge that your continued use of the Services after we publish changes to this Policy means that the collection, use, and sharing of your information is subject to the updated Policy. We may also provide you with additional notice or options regarding updates to the Policy in accordance with applicable law. If you do not agree with the changes, immediately stop visiting or using the Services.
11. Contact Us
If you have questions about this Policy, please contact us at privacy.office@lineleap.com.