Privacy Policy
This privacy notice (the “
Notice
”) applies to the processing of personal data (hereinafter,
            “
Personal Data
”) of the users (hereinafter, the “
User/s
” or the “
Data
              Subject/s
”) carried out by Falling Rain S.p.A., based in Corso Como 15, Milan (Italy) (hereinafter, the
“Data Controller”
or the
“Company”
) through the application called “VPN + TOR
            Browser Private Web” (hereinafter, the “
App
”) in accordance with Regulation (EU) 2016/679 - General
            Data Protection Regulation or the “
GDPR
” - as well as the Italian Legislative Decree 196/2003 (as
            amended) and other applicable local laws, as amended or replaced (jointly, the “
Applicable Privacy
              Laws
”).
I. Data Controller’s contact details
The Data Controller is Falling Rain S.p.A., based in Corso Como 15, Milan (Italy).
Email:
support@fallingrain.com
II. Categories of the processed Personal Data, purposes and legal basis for the processing
The Company processes the following categories of Personal Data, for the purposes and on the legal bases indicated
            below.
Purpose
Legal basis
Categories of processed data
To enable Users to use the App (e.g. to allow the User to use the App, to send technical information
                          about how the App works).
The legal basis for the processing is the performance of a contractual relationship with the User (art.
                  6(1)(b) of the GDPR).
Information necessary to allow the use of the App (IP address, device model, device type, OS version, ID
                  univocally assigned by the Company to each device, device language, device name, country as set by the User in
                  the settings of the device, information about content accessed by the User in the App, IDFA).
To fulfill Company’s legal obligations and any other obligation potentially arising from the
                          authorities’ instructions.
The legal basis for the processing is the compliance with a legal obligations to which the Data Controller is
                  subject (art. 6(1)(c) of the GDPR).
Any information which may be requested under authorities’ instructions.
To carry out activities aimed at improving the User experience and at assessing the expected use of the
                          App (e.g. market researches, statistical analysis, or other researches aimed at improving products and
                          services, as well as for assess customers satisfaction in relation to App’s services).
The legal basis for the processing is legitimate interest of the Data Controller (art. 6(1)(f) of GDPR).
The legitimate interest of the Data Controller is to reach improvements in relation to its products and
                    services.
Information collected to improve the App’s functionality (such as the screenshots accessed by the User,
                  options selected, IP address, country as set by the User in the settings of the device).
To process any request for information and/or clarification raised by the Data Subjects (also by
                          allowing them to contact the Data Controller’ support staff).
The legal basis for the processing is the legitimate interest of the Data Controller (art. 6(1)(f) of GDPR).
Legitimate interest of the Data Controller is to process and give a proper feedback to any request raised by
                    the Data Subject.
Identification and contact information (such as name, email address), if provided by the Data Subject.
Potential further information inserted within the contents of Data Subject’s request.
To claim or defend a right of the Company and its employees as well as to be able to manage any
                          corporate operation (e.g. extraordinary operations, due diligences, assignments).
The legal basis for the processing is the legitimate interest of the Data Controller (art. 6(1)(f) of GDPR).
Legitimate interest of the Data Controller is to ensure the protection of the Company’s rights as well as the
                    management of corporate operations.
Any information that shall be necessary to ensure the performance of the mentioned purposes.
When the processing of Personal Data requires the User’s consent, the Data Subject may give his/her consent only if
            aged at least 16 years (see art. 8 of the GDPR).
The Company’s apps and services are not for children under the age of 16. The Company does not knowingly collect
            personal data from children. If you believe we have received personal data from children under the age of 16, please
            email us at
support@fallingrain.com
.
If the Data Subject is under the age of 16, the consent must be given by a parent or other holder of parental
            responsibility (the Data Controller shall make every reasonable effort to verify that consent is given or authorized
            by the holder of parental responsibility).
Should the Data Controller realize that some Users are aged below 16 and consents have not been given by parents (or
            holders of parental responsibility), it shall immediately delete the processed data and close the related account
            forthwith.
III. Data retention of User’s Personal Data
Personal Data may processed by both paper and electronic means.
The Data Controller adopts all technical and organizational measures for preventing the loss, improper use and
            alteration of Data Subjects’ Personal Data, and, in some cases, may adopt data encryption measures, too. Your Personal
            Data shall be stored at the Data Controller’s and at its IT services providers’ premises.
Personal Data processed to fulfill legal obligations and obligations related to the use of the App (points II.a),
            II.b), II.d) and II.e) will be kept for a period not exceeding the one necessary for the said purposes and, in each
            case, for no more than 10 (ten) years from the termination of the agreement (
i.e.,
after the cancellation of
            the App’s account) except for any legal obligation that sets a longer data retention period. At the end of this
            period, the processed data will be deleted or anonymized.
User’s Personal Data processed for the purpose referred to in point II.c) will be kept for no more than two years
            from the termination of the agreement (
i.e
., after the cancellation of the App’s account) except for any
            legal obligation that sets a longer data retention period. At the end of this period, the processed data will be
            deleted or anonymized.
IV. Mandatory or optional nature of the supply of Personal Data and consequences of the refusal to
              answer
The provision of User’s Personal Data for the purposes referred to in points II.a) and II.b) above is mandatory. Any
            refusal to provide the requested data could make it impossible to create an account and to enjoy the App’s services.
The provision of User’s Personal Data for the purposes referred to in points II.c) II.d) and II.e) above occurs on
            the basis of the legitimate interest of the Data Controller, pursuant to art. 6(1)(f) of the GDPR. In any case, Data
            Subjects can at any time exercise the rights referred to in point no. VII to have such processing ceased.
V. Recipients of Personal Data
Personal Data may be disclosed to the following categories of recipients:
public, judicial or police authorities, within the limits established by applicable laws and regulations;
third parties carrying out activities that are related or instrumental to the Data Controller’s activities, as
                outsourced data processors duly appointed in writing by the Company in accordance to the Applicable Privacy Laws
                or acting as autonomous data controllers (such as, by way of example only, suppliers providing IT maintenance and
                development services, IT or filing services providers, suppliers of mobile marketing services, in case this Notice
                refers that marketing activities are performed).
The complete and updated list of such entities is available for consultation upon request at the Company’s
            headquarters or by sending an email to
support@fallingrain.com
.
Users’ data will not be disclosed for any reason other than those stated above nor disseminated, unless such
            disclosure is deemed necessary for the fulfillment of legal obligations and/or regulations.
VI. Transfer of Personal Data outside EEA
The Company may also transfer Personal Data of the Data Subjects to countries located outside the European Economic
            Area (EEA). In such cases, the Company will make sure that such transfer is based on appropriate safeguards listed in
            the GDPR, including (a) the standard contractual clauses developed by the European Commission; (b) the decisions of
            adequacy of the European Commission concerning the States in which the addressees are based; (c) binding corporate
            rules adopted by the Company and approved by the competent authorities or that are parties of agreements with the
            Company in this regard.
Copies of appropriate warranties are available for consultation upon request at the Company’s headquarters or by
            sending an email to
support@fallingrain.com
.
VII. Rights of the Data Subjects
The Users, at any time and free of charge, can have and/or exercise the following rights, as specified in the GDPR:
the right to be informed on the purposes and methods of the processing;
the right of access;
the right to obtain a copy of the data held overseas and obtain information concerning the place in which such
                data are kept;
the right to ask for updating, rectification or integration of the data;
the right to request the cancellation, anonymization or blocking of the data;
the right to restrict the processing;
the right to object to the processing, wholly or partly, also where it is carried out through automated
                individual decision-making, including profiling;
the right to withdraw the consent to the processing of the data freely and at any time – in such a case, the
                processing carried out before withdrawal of consent shall remain valid;
the right to data portability (i.e. to receive an electronic copy of User’s personal data, if the User would like
                to port his/her personal data to himself or a different provider);
the right to limitation of the processing.
Data Subjects also have the right to lodge a complaint before the competent national data protection or judicial
            authority.
For the exercise of their rights, Users may contact the Data Controller, in writing by sending a letter with proof of
            receipt to the Company’s headquarters, or by sending an email to
support@fallingrain.com
.
If a Data Subject is under the age of 18 in California, in certain circumstances, he/she may request and obtain
            removal of Personal Data or content shared by him/her and posted on the App. To make any request pursuant to
            California privacy law, please send an email to
support@fallingrain.com
. Please be aware that such a request does not
            ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information posted on the App by the User and that there
            may be circumstances in which the law does not require or allow removal even if requested.
VIII. Automated decision-making
No entirely automated decision-making is carried out within the processing of the Users’ Personal Data (there
            included profiling under Article 22(1) and 22(4) of GDPR).
IX. Third party websites and apps
The App may include links to other websites or apps operated by third parties. The practices described in this Notice
            do not apply to data gathered through these third party websites and apps. The Company has no control over, and is not
            responsible for, the actions and privacy policies of third parties and other websites and apps.
X. Changes and updates of this Notice
The Company may modify, integrate and/or update, in whole or in part, this Notice, also in view of future changes
            that may involve the Applicable Privacy Laws. It is understood that any modification, integration or update will be
            communicated to the Data Subjects promptly and on time via email or at the time of the start of the App. In this
            regard, it could be required to the User to read the new version of the Notice and to accept it before continuing to
            use the App.
Date of last amendment
: July 18, 2019