Reconnecting...
Privacy Policy
Last Modified: March 2017
Visibook, Inc ("
Company
" or "
We
") respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it through compliance with this privacy policy. This policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit www.visibook.com or its related mobile applications (our "
Platform
") and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting and disclosing that information. This privacy policy is incorporated into and is subject to the Terms of Use. Capitalized terms that are not defined in the privacy policy have the same meaning given to them in the Terms of Use.
Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policy, your choice is not to use our Platform. By using the Platform, you consent to the privacy practices described in this policy.  We may also change the policy from time to time at our sole discretion. Your continued use of this Platform after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.
This policy does not apply to information collected by us offline or through any other means, or by any third party (including our affiliates and subsidiaries); or through any application or content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from the Platform.
Information We Collect About You and How We Collect It.
We collect several types of information from and about users of our Platform, including information:
by which you may be personally identified, such as name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, demographic information, or any other information the Platform collects that is defined as personal or personally identifiable information under an applicable law ("personal information"); and/or
that may be about you but individually does not identify you, such as professional information if you are a Service Provider, information about your business location, address, phone number, e-mail address or any other information;
about your internet connection, the equipment you use to access our Platform and usage details.
We may collect this information:
Directly from you when you provide it to us.
Automatically as you navigate through the site. Information collected automatically may include usage details, IP addresses and information collected through cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies.
From third parties, such as our business partners or technical service providers.
User-Provided Information.
The information we collect on or through our Platform may include:
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our Platform during user registration, subscribing to a service, posting User Contributions or Feedback, or requesting further services. We may also ask you for information when you report a problem with our Platform.
Records and copies of your correspondence (including e-mail addresses), if you contact us, and any search queries you may make on the Platform.
User Contributions.
You also may provide information to be posted on public areas of the Platform, or transmitted to other users of the Platform or third parties.  Your User Contributions are posted on and transmitted to others at your own risk. Additionally, we cannot control the actions of other users of the Platform with whom you may choose to share your User Contributions. Therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee that your User Contributions will not be viewed by unauthorized persons.
Details of transactions you carry out through our Platform and of the fulfillment of your appointments.
“Automatically Collected” Information and Data Collection Technologies.
As you interact with our Platform, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns, including:
Details of your visits to our Platform, including traffic data, location data, logs and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Platform.
Information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address, operating system and browser type.
The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include:
Cookies (or browser cookies).
A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to utilize certain convenience features to streamline the experience or to access certain parts of our Platform. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Platform.
Flash Cookies.
Certain features of our Platform may use local stored objects (or Flash cookies) to collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to, from and on our Platform. Flash cookies are not managed by the same browser settings as are used for browser cookies.
Web Beacons.
Pages of our the Platform and our e-mails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags and single-pixel gifs) that permit the Company, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an e-mail and for other related statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain Platform content and verifying system and server integrity).
Some content or applications on the Platform are served by contractors or third-parties that may use tracking technologies to collect information about you when you use our Platform. The information they collect may be associated with your personal information or they may collect information, including personal information, about your online activities over time and across different Platforms and other online services. We do not control these third parties' tracking technologies or how they may be used, however, the information will be generally treated under terms comparable to this policy and for the purpose for which it was provided.
How We Use Your Information.
We use information that we collect or that you provide in a variety of circumstances in connection with providing the products, features, and services of the Platform and operation of our business. For example:
To present our Platform and its contents to you and to provide you with information, products or services that you request from us or about any of the Company’s products, features, and services that may be of interest to you.
To notify you about changes to our Platform or any products, features or services we offer or provide though it.
To allow you to participate in interactive features on our Platform.
To provide you with notices about administrative purposes such as customer service, address intellectual property infringement, right of privacy violations, or defamation issues related to User Contributions.
We may use “automatically collected” information to improve our Platform and to deliver a better and more personalized service, including by enabling us to estimate our audience size and usage patterns, store information about your preferences, allowing us to better customize our Platform to your interests, speed up your searches, and recognize you when you return to our Platform.
Disclosure of Your Information.
We may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction.  We may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this privacy policy:
To contractors, service providers and other third parties we use to support our business. Generally, these disclosures are made under terms comparable to this policy, and the recipients are limited to using the information the purpose for which it was provided.
Any information that you voluntarily choose to include in a publicly accessible area of the Platform will be available to anyone who has access to that content, including other users, such as a Service Provider page.
To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it. For example, if you give us an e-mail address to use the "message a customer" feature of our Platform, we may transmit the contents of that e-mail and your e-mail address to the recipients.
To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or other sale or transfer of some or all of Company’s assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by the Company about our Platform users is among the assets transferred.
We may also disclose your personal information:
To enforce or apply our Terms of Use and other agreements.
If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of the Company, our customers or others. This may include exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
If required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with state and federal laws (such as U.S. Copyright law), in response to a court order, judicial or other government subpoena or warrant, or to otherwise cooperate with law enforcement activity.
Your Choices.
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us. You may decline to share certain personally identifiable information with us, in which case we may not be able to provide to you some of the features and functionality of the Platform. Please note that while your changes are reflected promptly in active user databases, we may retain all information you submit for a variety of purposes, including backups and archiving, prevention of fraud and abuse, and analytics. You may set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this site may then be inaccessible or not function properly.
Data Security.
We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration and disclosure. All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers behind firewalls. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our Platform. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Platform.
Children under the Age of 13.
Protecting the privacy of children is important to us. For that reason, we do not allow children under 13 years of age to use the Platform or knowingly collect or maintain personally identifiable information from persons under 13 years of age, and no part of the Platform is directed to persons under 13 years of age. If you are under 13 years of age, then please do not use or access the Platform at any time or in any manner. If we learn that personally identifiable information has been collected on the Platform from persons under 13 years of age and without verifiable parental consent, then we will take the appropriate steps to delete this information. If you are a parent or guardian and discover that your child under 13 years of age has obtained an account on the Service, then you may alert us at
contact@visibook.com
and request that we delete that child’s personally identifiable information from our systems.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy.
It is our policy to post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this page. The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for ensuring we have a current and deliverable e-mail address for you, and for periodically visiting our Platform and this privacy policy to check for any changes.
Contact Information.
To ask questions or comment about this policy and our privacy practices, contact us at
contact@visibook.com
.