Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy (“
Policy
”) describes the manner in which PILF, Inc., d.b.a. FLIP (“
FLIP
”,
        “
we
,” or “
us
”) and our website at www.justflip.com (the “
Site
”),
        as well as all related websites, networks, applications, and other services provided by us and on which a link
        to this Policy is displayed (collectively, together with the Site, our “
Service
”). This Policy,
        which is incorporated into and is subject to the FLIP Terms of Use, describesthe information that we gather from
        you on the Service, how we use and disclose such information, and the steps
        we take to protect such information.
Information We Collect on the Service:
User-provided Information.
When you use the Service, we may collect information about you,
        including your name, email address, mailing address, mobile phone number, credit card or other billing
        information, your date of birth, geographic area, or preferences and we may link this information with other
        information about you. You may provide us with information in various ways on the Service. For example, you
        provide us with information when you register for an account, use the Service, make a purchase on the Service,
        or send us customer service-related requests.
Cookies and Automatically Collected Information.
When you use the Service, we may send one or more cookies – small text files containing a string of alphanumeric
        characters – to your device. We may use both session cookies and persistent cookies. A session cookie disappears
        after you close your browser. A persistent cookie remains after you close your browser and may be used by your
        browser on subsequent visits to the Service. Please review your web browser “Help" file to learn the proper way
        to modify your cookie settings. Please note that if you delete, or choose not to accept, cookies from the
        Service, you may not be able to utilize the features of the Service to their fullest potential. We may use third
        party cookies on our Service as well. For instance, we use Google Analytics to collect and process certain
        analytics data. Google provides some additional privacy options described at
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
regarding Google Analytics cookies. FLIP does not process or respond to web browsers’ “do not track” signals or
        other similar transmissions that indicate a request to disable online tracking of users who visit our Site or
        who use our Service.
We may also automatically record certain information from your device by using various types of technology,
        including “clear gifs" or “web beacons.” This automatically collected information may include your IP address or
        other device address or ID, web browser and/or device type, the web pages or sites that you visit just before or
        just after you use the Service, the pages or other content you view or otherwise interact with on the Service,
        and the dates and times that you visit, access, or use the Service. We also may use these technologies to
        collect information regarding your interaction with email messages, such as whether you opened, clicked on, or
        forwarded a message. This information is gathered from all users, and may be connected with other information
        about you.
Location Information.
We may obtain information about your physical location, such as by use of GPS and other geolocation features in
        your device, or by inference from other information we collect (for example, your IP address indicates the
        general geographic region from which you are connecting to the Internet).
Third Party Web Beacons and Third Party Buttons.
We may display third-party content on the Service, including third-party advertising. Third-party content may
        use cookies, web beacons, or other mechanisms for obtaining data in connection with your viewing of the third
        party content on the Service. Additionally, we may implement third party buttons (such as Facebook “like” or
        “share” buttons) that may function as web beacons even when you do not interact with the button. Information
        collected through third-party web beacons and buttons is collected directly by these third parties, not by FLIP.
        Information collected by a third party in this manner is subject to that third party’s own data collection, use,
        and disclosure policies.
Information from Other Sources.
We may obtain information from third parties and sources other than the Service, such as our partners and
        advertisers.
How We Use the Information We Collect.
We use information we collect on the Service in a variety of ways in providing the Service and operating our
        business, including the following:
We use the information that we collect on the Service to operate, maintain, enhance and provide all features of
        the Service, to provide services and information that you request, to respond to comments and questions and
        otherwise to provide support to users, and to process and deliver entries and rewards in connection with
        promotions that may be offered from time to time on the Service.
We use the information that we collect on the Service to understand and analyze the usage trends and preferences
        of our users, to improve the Service, and to develop new products, services, features, and functionality.
We may use your email address or other information we collect to contact you for administrative purposes such as
        customer service or to send communications, including updates on promotions and events, newsletters, or other
        content relating to products and services offered by us and by third parties.
We may use your email address, login information, or phone number to offer a contact-importer feature to help you
        identify people you know on FLIP and invite others to join, which you may choose not to use. We do not retain
        the login information after generating your contacts and connections.
We may use cookies and automatically collected information to: (i) personalize our Service, such as remembering
        information about you so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the
        Service; (ii) provide customized advertisements, content, and information; (iii) monitor and analyze the
        effectiveness of the Service and third-party marketing activities; (iv) monitor aggregate site usage metrics
        such as total number of visitors and pages viewed; and (v) track your entries, submissions, and status in any
        promotions or other activities on the Service.
When We Disclose Information.
Except as described in this Policy, we will not disclose information about you that we collect on the Service to
        third parties without your consent. We may disclose information to third parties if you consent to us doing so,
        as well as in the following circumstances:
Any information that you voluntarily choose to include in a publicly accessible area of the Service will be
        available to anyone who has access to that content, including other users.
We work with third party service providers to provide website, application development, hosting, maintenance, and
        other services for us. These third parties may have access to or process information about you as part of
        providing those services for us. Generally, we limit the information provided to these service providers to that
        which is reasonably necessary for them to perform their functions, and we require them to agree to maintain the
        confidentiality of such information.
We may disclose information about you if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is
        necessary to comply with state and federal laws, in response to a court order, judicial or other government
        subpoena or warrant, or to otherwise cooperate with law enforcement or other governmental agencies.
We also reserve the right to disclose information about you that we believe, in good faith, is appropriate or
        necessary to: (i) take precautions against liability; (ii) protect ourselves or others from fraudulent, abusive,
        or unlawful uses or activity; (iii) investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or
        allegations; (iv) protect the security or integrity of the Service and any facilities or equipment used to make
        the Service available; or (v) protect our property or other legal rights (including, but not limited to,
        enforcement of our agreements), or the rights, property, or safety of others.
Information about our users may be disclosed and otherwise transferred to an acquirer, successor, or assignee as
        part of any merger, acquisition, debt financing, sale of assets, or similar transaction, or in the event of an
        insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership in which information is transferred to one or more third parties as one
        of our business assets.
We may make certain aggregated, automatically-collected, or otherwise non-personal information available to third
        parties for various purposes, including: (i) compliance with various reporting obligations; (ii) for business or
        marketing purposes; or (iii) to assist such parties in understanding our users’ interests, habits, and usage
        patterns for certain programs, content, services, advertisements, promotions, and/or functionality available
        through the Service.
Your Choices
You may, of course, decline to share certain information with us, in which case we may not be able to provide to
        you some of the features and functionality of the Service. You may update, correct, or delete your account
        information and preferences at any time by accessing your account preferences page on the Service. If you wish
        to access or amend any other personal information we hold about you, you may contact us at help@justflip.com.
        Please note that while any changes you make will be reflected in active user databases within a reasonable
        period of time, we may retain all information you submit for backups, archiving, prevention of fraud and abuse,
        analytics, satisfaction of legal obligations, or where we otherwise reasonably believe that we have a legitimate
        reason to do so.
If you receive commercial email from us, you may unsubscribe at any time by following the instructions contained
        within the email. You may also opt out from receiving commercial email from us by sending your request to us by
        email at help@justflip.com or by writing to us at the address given at the end of this policy. We may allow you
        to view and modify settings relating to the nature and frequency of promotional communications that you receive
        from us in user account functionality on the Service.
Please be aware that if you opt out of receiving commercial email from us or otherwise modify the nature or
        frequency of promotional communications you receive from us, it may take up to ten business days for us to
        process your request, and you may continue receiving promotional communications from us during that period.
        Additionally, even after you opt out from receiving commercial messages from us, you will continue to receive
        administrative messages from us regarding the Service.
Third-Party Services
The Service may contain features or links to websites and services provided by third parties. Any information you
        provide on third-party sites or services is provided directly to the operators of such services and is subject
        to those operators’ policies, if any, governing privacy and security, even if accessed through the Service. We
        are not responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and policies of third-party sites or
        services to which links or access are provided through the Service. We encourage you to learn about third
        parties’ privacy and security policies before providing them with information.
Children’s Privacy
Protecting the privacy of young children is especially important. Our Site is a general audience site not
        directed to children under the age of 13, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children
        under the age of 13 without obtaining parental consent.
Data Security
We use certain physical, managerial, and technical safeguards that are designed to improve the integrity and
        security of information that we collect and maintain. Please be aware that no security measures are perfect or
        impenetrable. We cannot and do not guarantee that information about you will not be accessed, viewed, disclosed,
        altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards.
International Visitors
The Service is hosted in the United States and is intended for visitors located within the United States. If you
        choose to use the Service from the European Union or other regions of the world with laws governing data
        collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, then please note that you are transferring your personal
        information outside of those regions to the United States for storage and processing. Also, we may transfer your
        data from the U.S. to other countries or regions in connection with storage and processing of data, fulfilling
        your requests, and operating the Service. By providing any information, including personal information, on or to
        the Service, you consent to such transfer, storage, and processing.
Changes and Updates to this Policy
Please revisit this page periodically to stay aware of any changes to this Policy, which we may update from time
        to time. If we modify this Policy, we will make it available through the Service, and indicate the date of the
        latest revision. In the event that the modifications materially alter your rights or obligations hereunder, we
        will make reasonable efforts to notify you of the change. For example, we may send a message to your email
        address, if we have one on file, or generate a pop-up or similar notification when you access the Service for
        the first time after such material changes are made. Your continued use of the Service after the revised Policy
        has become effective indicates that you have read, understood and agreed to the current version of this Policy.
Your California Privacy Rights
Residents of California have the right to request a disclosure describing what types of personal information we
        have shared with third parties for their direct marketing purposes, and with whom we have shared it, during the
help@justflip.com
.
How to Contact Us
Please contact us with any questions or comments about this Policy, information we have collected or otherwise
        obtained about you, our use and disclosure practices, or your consent choices by email at
help@justflip.com
.
PILF, Inc. dba FLIP
801 Zephyr Drive
Oakland, CA 94607
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.justflip.com/www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/:
Page Not Found
Get FLIP
Enter your phone number and we'll send a link to your phone.
or
Download on the App Store
*Available only in the U.S.