home
|
faq
|
presskit
|
carrot apps
Privacy Policy
CARROT takes the privacy of her users seriously and will always strive to protect your privacy and preserve the trust you place in her.
CARROT is owned, operated, and maintained by Grailr LLC (“Grailr”, “us”, or “we”). This Privacy Policy is designed to tell you about our practices regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of information that Grailr and/or its third party service providers collect through the CARROT Weather application (“CARROT Weather” or “Application”). Data collected through your use of the Application is governed by this Privacy Policy. Please be sure to read this entire Privacy Policy before using the Application.
By accessing or using CARROT Weather, you consent to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. Irrespective of which country you live or use the Application in, you authorize us to transfer, store, and use your information in the United States and any other country where we operate. We may modify or update this Privacy Policy at any time effective upon its posting on CARROT Weather. Your continued use of this Application constitutes your acceptance of this Privacy Policy and any modifications or updates thereto.
Information Collection and Use
We collect and use your information to provide, understand, and improve CARROT Weather. We only collect and retain as much information as is absolutely necessary for the ongoing operation of our services. This information may include:
Your usage of CARROT Weather features;
Your current location for use in CARROT Weather forecasts and notifications (see Location Information section below for more details);
The type of device you use, the IP address of your device, and your operating system;
Details about your CARROT Weather subscription if you are a subscriber;
Measurement units (e.g., Celsius versus Fahrenheit), CARROT Weather personality settings, and times you do not wish to be disturbed by notifications;
Your unlocked achievements and secret locations in CARROT Weather;
Your anonymized device ID if notifications are enabled in CARROT Weather; and
Your anonymized user ID if notifications are enabled in CARROT Weather.
We use the information we collect to provide weather data and notifications. We also use the information to create, develop, operate, deliver, and improve our products, services, content, and advertising.
Information cannot be linked to a particular user unless that user manually provides us with their anonymized, randomly-generated device or user ID.
We retain your information only as long as necessary to provide our services. Specifically, we retain the following information:
Only your most recent location and associated device and user IDs if you have notifications enabled; and
All support-related communications, including but not limited to user-initiated emails and bug reports.
Location Information
You may opt to grant CARROT Weather access to your current location (“Location Information”) to receive localized weather forecasts. This feature requires access to your device’s current location, even when the Application is not currently running. Where available, location-based services may use GPS, Bluetooth, and your IP Address, along with crowd-sourced Wi-Fi hotspot and cell tower locations, and other technologies to determine your device’s approximate location. Your Location Information will be used to request and display weather data and notifications for your current location.
Location Information is uploaded to our servers if you have notifications enabled in CARROT Weather. Your Location Information is used only to provide localized weather alerts. If you turn off notifications, your Location Information will be removed from our servers.
If you own CARROT Weather for Mac, you may also opt to sync your Location Information with the Mac Application via Apple’s iCloud service. You can turn this feature off at any time.
Your Location Information will be shared automatically with our weather data providers, such as Apple Weather and AccuWeather, when you request weather data for your current location.
If you send a support-related communication, you may opt to include debugging logs with your email. These debugging logs may include Location Information, however the resolution of the GPS coordinates has been reduced to a radius of 1 kilometer to maintain your privacy.
Sharing Information
CARROT Weather allows you to share weather forecasts, along with that forecast’s location, through iMessage and social networks, including Facebook and Twitter. CARROT Weather will never automatically share your Location Information to iMessage, social networks, and/or third parties without your consent.
CARROT Weather is in no way responsible for the protection of any Location Information that you choose to share with iMessage and/or social networks. You and such social networks are solely responsible for the protection of such information. Please review any applicable policies and procedures of such social networks before sharing your information therein.
Third-Party Data Processors
CARROT Weather uses third-party services to provide weather and mapping data. Most weather-related data requests are routed through an intermediary server in an effort to prevent any personally identifying data from being passed on to third-party services (the requests that are not routed through an intermediary server are discussed in the next paragraph). In addition, the precision of Location Information is also reduced before being used in weather-related data requests to reduce the likelihood that any single request can be tracked back to a specific user.
Signups and logins with personal weather station providers, such as Netatmo and WeatherFlow, require a direct connection to their respective servers. These services may collect, process, and store information about you, including but not limited to your IP address and Location Information.
The third-party services used by CARROT Weather include:
Apple Weather
AccuWeather
Tomorrow.io
Foreca
Xweather
Environment Canada
WillyWeather
WeatherFlow
Netatmo
EUMETNET
Please refer to the privacy policies of these third-party data processors for information regarding their data practices.
Third-Party Links
CARROT Weather may include links to news articles from various third parties, such as AccuWeather. Be aware that when you click on links to visit third-party websites, you will be subject to their privacy policies and practices. These third-party websites may use cookies and other tracking technologies to collect information about you, including your browsing behavior and preferences. Please refer to the privacy policies of AccuWeather and any other third-party websites you visit to understand their data practices and how you can control your privacy settings. CARROT Weather is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of third-party websites.
Advertising
CARROT Weather does not use your information to increase advertising relevancy or measure effectiveness. Your Location Information will not be shared with third parties.
Chatbot Interaction
CARROT Weather allows you to interact with CARROT using OpenAI's ChatGPT service. Messages that you send to CARROT are first routed through an intermediary server in an effort to prevent any personally identifying data such as IP addresses from being passed on to third parties, but the full text content of the messages that you send to CARROT will be passed on to OpenAI's servers in order to get a response back from their service. This service may collect, process, and store information about you that it gleans from the messages that you send.
CARROT Weather is in no way responsible for the protection of any information that you choose to share with Open AI's ChatGPT service. You and such service are solely responsible for the protection of such information. Please review any applicable policies and procedures of such service before sharing your information therein.
Aggregated Data Collection
CARROT Weather may automatically collect anonymous information regarding your interaction with, and use of, CARROT Weather. Anonymous information that we may collect includes, but is not limited to, device identifier and hardware information, IP address, system type, and other information about your interactions with the Application. We use this information to operate and improve our Application and customer support. We do not share this anonymous personal information with third parties except to the extent necessary to accomplish CARROT Weather’s functionality. We may share anonymous, aggregate statistics with outside parties, such as how many people use a particular feature in CARROT Weather. Anonymous, aggregated data is considered non-personal information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.
Website Visitors
As is true of most internet services, we gather some information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes Internet Protocol (“IP”) addresses, browser type and language, Internet service provider (“ISP”), referring and exit websites and applications, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data.
We use this information to understand and analyze trends, to administer the site, to learn about user behavior on the site, to improve our product and services, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. Grailr may use this information in our marketing and advertising services.
Information Disclosure
We may preserve or disclose your information, including Location Information, if we believe that it is reasonably necessary to comply with a law, regulation, legal process, or request from public and government authorities within or outside your country of residence, such as to comply with a subpoena or for law enforcement purposes; when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights or the safety of others; to address fraud, security, technical issues, or to protect our operations; or if Grailr is involved in a merger, acquisition, reorganization, sale or transfer of all or a portion of its assets.
Security
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. Please be aware that, although we endeavor to provide reasonable security, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
Accessing or Deleting Your Information
To obtain a copy of your information that is stored on our servers, please email us directly at
support@meetCARROT.com
.
You may delete your information from our servers at any time using the CARROT Weather iOS app. Go to the settings screen, then to Privacy & Terms to delete your information.
Deleted information may be kept in our servers for up to 90 days.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We do not knowingly collect or maintain information on our servers from children under the age of 13. CARROT Weather is designed for users over the age of 13; no part of the Application is structured to attract anyone under the age of 13 and we do not target our Application to children under 13. If you are under 13, please do not use or submit any data through the Application. We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children’s Internet usage and to help enforce our Privacy Policy by instructing their children to never use the Application or submit any data through the Application without their permission. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided data to us, please contact us and we will endeavor to delete that information from our servers.
Information for European Union Customers
By using CARROT Weather and providing your information, you authorize us to collect, use, and store your information outside of the European Union.
International Transfers of Information
Your information may be transferred to, stored, and processed in the United States where our servers are located and our central database is operated. The data protection and other laws of the United States and other countries might not be as comprehensive as those in your country. Please be assured that we seek to take reasonable steps to ensure that your privacy is protected. By using the Application, you understand that your information may be transferred to our facilities and those third parties with whom we share it as described in this Privacy Policy.
Disclaimer
While we work hard to protect your data, no transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be absolutely secure, and we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us. Transmitting personal information is done at your own risk.
Privacy Policy Updates
At times it may be necessary for us to make changes to this Privacy Policy such as due to changes in the services we offer, Apple's policies and procedures, and/or the applicable laws of the United States. We reserve the right to update or modify this Privacy Policy at any time without prior notice. Please review this Privacy Policy periodically, especially before you provide any Location Information to CARROT Weather.
This Privacy Policy was last updated on the date indicated below. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on CARROT Weather. As set forth above, your continued use of the Application after any changes or revisions to this Privacy Policy shall indicate your acceptance and agreement with the terms of such revised Privacy Policy.
Contact Us
If you have questions about the policies described in this statement, please email us directly at
support@meetCARROT.com
.
Last Updated: 5/23/2024