Zimmer 404 wurde nicht gefunden
hotelbird - die Nummer 1 Lösung für
den digitalen Check-in / Check-out in der Hotelerie
Zur Startseite
Hier kommen Sie zu unseren Lösungen
Web
App
TerminalZimmer 404 wurde nicht gefunden
hotelbird - die Nummer 1 Lösung für
den digitalen Check-in / Check-out in der Hotelerie
Zur Startseite
Hier kommen Sie zu unseren Lösungen
Web
App
Terminal
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://hotelbird.com/en/privacy-policy/:
Skip to content
» Hotelbird implements the digital guest journey in all Motel One Hotels
Privacy policy
Welcome to hotelbird!
Our service is of course in accordance with the laws on data protection and data security and especially the requirements of the DS-GVO. In this privacy policy we inform you about the concrete processing of your data.
1. Responsible position
Hotelbird GmbH
Plinganserstraße 150
81369 Munich
Germany
Telephone: +49 (0) 89 9545993 10
Email: support@hotelbird.com
2. Data collection and purpose of data processing
2.1 Visiting the website
When you access our website, we collect your access data, which we evaluate for statistical purposes and to ensure system security. The following access data is stored:
the name of your internet service provider,
the website from which the file was requested
date and time of the request,
the web pages that you visit with us,
the amount of data transferred and the date and duration of the visit.
If you use the contact form on the website to send us a message, we collect the following data from you:
Email
Gender
First name and surname
Company
Phone number
We need this information to answer your contact request.
2.2 Registration in the App
Registration is required to use the app. To do so, you must enter your e-mail address and assign a password. In addition, we collect data of your end device (device ID, device type, device model, operating system, and version of the operating system) for identification reasons.
We need the collected data so that we can ensure that the app is only used by you.
2.3 Use of the App
In order to be able to use the services of Hotelbird to the full extent, we need the following additional information from you:
Personal information (first name and surname, date of birth, gender, address, language, nationality)
Optional business information (company, business address, invoice sorting information)
Payment information
We process the personal data collected from you, as they are required for the business processing of the services provided.
3. Data transmission
Personal data will only be transferred to third parties or contractors of commissioned data processing if this is necessary for the respective purposes. A transfer to third countries will only take place within the scope of the uses described in this data protection declaration.
We transmit the personal and business information you provide and the payment information to the respective hotel for order processing.
We take appropriate measures to ensure that the third parties maintain an appropriate level of protection for personal data.
4. Storage of the data
Stored personal data will be deleted if you revoke your consent for processing, if the data is no longer required to fulfill the purpose for which it was stored or if its storage is or becomes inadmissible for other legal reasons.
5. Cookies and tracking
Cookies are small text files that are automatically stored on your end device when you use our website. Unlike viruses or Trojans, for example, cookies are harmless. Cookies log your user behaviour but do not allow direct knowledge of your identity.
Some cookies are technically mandatory for the operation of our website.
The legal basis for this data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f DSGVO, consent is not required here.
All other cookies may only be used with your consent:
Name
Origin
Google Analytics
Google
SalesIQ
Zoho
We also use cookies, which are technically necessary for the functioning of our site. The legal basis for this data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f DSGVO, consent is not required here.
Google Analytics
On the homepage and the app we use Google Analytics, a web analysis service of Google Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics enables an analysis of the use of the website by the user. For example, information on the operating system, the screen, your IP address, the website views you have accessed, and the date and time of your visit to our website are recorded. The information generated about your use of the website is usually transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there. We have activated IP anonymisation. Therefore, your IP address will be shortened by Google within member states of the European Union or in other contracting states of the Agreement on the European Economic Area before transmission. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be transferred to a Google server in the USA and shortened there. On behalf of the operator of the website
The IP address transmitted by Google Analytics is not combined with other data from Google.
You can prevent the collection of data relating to your use of the website (including your IP address) to Google and the processing of this data by Google by deactivating Google Analytics in your browser. Google offers you the possibility to deactivate Google Analytics via a browser add-on.
You can find more information on terms of use and data protection at www.google.com/analytics/terms/de.html or at policies.google.com. We would like to point out that Google Analytics has been configured on the website in such a way that an anonymised recording of IP addresses (so-called IP masking) is guaranteed.
6. Data security
We protect your personal data from the risks associated with data processing, in particular unauthorised access, use or publication. For this purpose, we maintain appropriate technical and organizational measures that are based on the current state of the art. These include, among others:
The transmission of your personal data is always in encrypted form (SSL).
No payment information is stored on our servers, a cooperation only with PCI Compliant providers.
Access to data is based on the need-to-know principle, so that as few people as possible have access.
7. Your rights
7.1 Right of withdrawal
You have the right to revoke your consent to the processing of your personal data at any time with effect for the future.
Revocation does not affect the lawfulness of the processing carried out on the basis of the consent until revocation.
7.2 Right to information
You have the right to request information free of charge about the stored personal data. Upon your request, the information can also be provided electronically.
For information on the data that you have made available to us within the framework of the App, you can also conveniently request an overview at any time within the App under the menu item Data Protection. This overview contains all personal and business data provided by you as well as the payment data. In addition, the collected device data is also displayed.
7.3 Correction, deletion and restriction of data
You have the right to request the correction, deletion or limitation of personal data concerning you. If your data is deleted or blocked, however, you will no longer be able to use the corresponding services.
In order to delete the data that you have provided us with in the context of the app, you can use the delete function in the app under the menu item data protection for your entire account, including the data stored for this purpose.
Your right to deletion may be excluded by legal storage obligations.
7.4 Data export
You have the right that we make data, which we process with automatic procedures or in whose use you have consented, available to you in machine-readable form or transfer it to other responsible parties.
7.5 Assertion of rights
You may exercise your rights by informally notifying Hotelbird GmbH, Plinganserstraße 150, 81369 Munich, Germany or by sending an e-mail to support@hotelbird.com.
In case of complaints you can also contact the responsible supervisory authority for data protection in Ansbach.
Status of the data protection declaration: May 2018
Solutions
Hotel chains
Individual hotels
Serviced apartments
Leisure hotels
Business hotels
Luxury hotels
Products
Product overview
Digital guest journey
Guest communication
Online Check-in/out
Door opening
Payment
Guest directory
Infrastructure
Integrations
Channels
Services
Guest management
Channels
Web
App
Terminal
Self-Service Terminal
Company
About us
Management Team
Career
Blog
Ressources
Downloads
Contact
Get in touch
sales@hotelbird.com
+49 (0) 89 215 380 30
account
android
arrow-alt-circle-down
arrow-alt-circle-left
arrow-alt-circle-right
arrow-alt-circle-up
arrow-down
arrow-left
arrow-right
arrow-up
author
bars
behance
blogger
bluesky
buffer
caret-down
caret-left
caret-right
caret-square-down
caret-square-left
caret-square-right
caret-square-up
caret-up
cart-menu-1
cart-menu-2
cart-menu-3
cart-menu-4
categories
chevron-down
chevron-left
chevron-right
chevron-up
clock
close
comments
cookies
copyright
coupon-discount
date-modified
date-published
discord
double-arrows-down
double-arrows-left
double-arrows-right
double-arrows-up
dribbble
envelope-open
envelope
eye
facebook
fax
flickr
foursquare
github
gmail
google-drive
grid-view
hashtag
hollow-ring
homepage
instagram
ios
level-down-alt
level-up-alt
line
link
linkedin
list-view
login
logout
long-arrow-alt-down
long-arrow-alt-left
long-arrow-alt-right
long-arrow-alt-up
mastodon
medium
messenger
mobile-menu
mobile
phone
pinterest
place
qq
quote-left
quote-right
quotes
reading-time-hourglass
reading-time-stopwatch
reddit
rss
scroll-to-top
search
shazam
shopping-bag
shopping-cart
side-panel-opening-2-left
side-panel-opening-2-right
side-panel-opening-left
side-panel-opening-right
skype
slack
small-arrow-down
small-arrow-left
small-arrow-right
small-arrow-up
sms
snapchat
soundcloud
spinner
spotify
stackoverflow
sync
telegram
threads
tiktok
times-circle
tinder
trello
tripadvisor
tumblr
twitch
twitter
viber
vimeo
vine
vkontakte
website
wechat
whatsapp
windows
wishlist
xing
yelp
youtube
zoom
We use cookies on our website. Some of them are essential, while others help us to improve this website and your experience.
If you are under 16 and wish to give consent to optional services, you must ask your legal guardians for permission.
We use cookies and other technologies on our website. Some of them are essential, while others help us to improve this website and your experience.
Personal data may be processed (e.g. IP addresses), for example for personalized ads and content or ad and content measurement.
You can find more information about the use of your data in our
privacy policy
.
There is no obligation to consent to the processing of your data in order to use this offer.
You can revoke or adjust your selection at any time under
Settings
.
Please note that based on individual settings not all functions of the site may be available.
Some services process personal data in the USA. With your consent to use these services, you also consent to the processing of your data in the USA pursuant to Art. 49 (1) lit. a GDPR. The ECJ classifies the USA as a country with insufficient data protection according to EU standards. For example, there is a risk that U.S. authorities will process personal data in surveillance programs without any existing possibility of legal action for Europeans.
The following is a list of service groups for which consent can be given. The first service group is essential and cannot be unchecked.
Essential
External media
Save
Accept all
Individual data protection settings