PRIVACY POLICY
Effective Date:
Feb 1, 2022
This Privacy Policy applies to Wizard Games Inc. (“
Wizard Games
”, “
we
”, “
our
” or “
us
”) services, including but not limited to Wizard Games applications, our website
wizardgames.ca
, our game currently titled “
Turbo Shot
” (the “
Game
”) and any other product or service that we choose to apply this Privacy Policy to (collectively, the “
Service
”), and details how we collect, use, and disclose data about our users, including you.
BY CLICKING “I AGREE” OR SIMILAR CONFIRMATION OR BY USING THE SERVICE YOU ARE AGREEING TO THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY AS APPLICABLE IN YOUR JURISDICTION.
HOW WE OBTAIN YOUR DATA
The Service collects and processes personal data, which is information about you or that identifies you. We obtain your personal data directly from you or when you use the Service. Your provision of personal data to Wizard Games is governed by this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use or End-User License Agreement then in place (“
TOU
”), which, if requested to do so, you must agree to in order to use the Service.
Subject to legal, contractual and technical requirements, you may choose not to provide Wizard Games with certain data or you may request the deletion of certain data, which may impact the quality of the Service provided to you.
PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT
We collect personal data about you when you access the Service and while you play the Game. On occasion, anonymous data that we collect is linked with your personal data making such data personal data as well. The following is a description of the personal data that we may collect, use and process in connection with the Service:
all user IDs associated with you, including but not limited to, Android identifiers, IOS identifiers, Google account identifiers, Switch IDs, Network IDs, PSN IDs, Xbox Live IDs,
ironSource
IDs, Unity IDs and Facebook identifiers;
your email address, if you choose to provide it when communicating with us or in order to join our mailing list;
basic location data (city level only and only if permitted by you);
details about your gameplay when playing the Game; and
information about your gaming platform, computer, phone, web-connected devices or other devices used to connect to the Service including but not limited to, operating system information, operations performed on the device, unique identifiers that may identify you over time and across different websites including unique device identifiers.
PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL AND ANONYMOUS DATA
We process your personal data primarily for our legitimate business purposes, such as providing the Service to you, to understand your needs and the needs of our users and to improve the quality of the Service and analyze the data we collect. Specifically, these uses include but are not limited to:
displaying and delivering the Game to you through the Service;
authenticating users, maintaining and analyzing functionality of the Service, backing up data or testing and researching new features of the Service;
supporting the security of the Service, including but not limited to detecting and protecting Wizard Games and other third-parties against error, fraud, theft and other illegal activity or for contractual, legal, regulatory or audit obligations;
investigating improper or suspicious activity in the Game or on the Service; and
contacting you for various reasons including, but not limited to, user feedback requests or marketing purposes, if you previously consented to such contact.
We may disclose your personal data to our parent companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, employees and contractors for the same purposes described above. We may also disclose your personal data to third-parties, who may be located in a foreign jurisdiction and subject to foreign laws. The situations where we disclose your personal data to third-parties include, but are not limited to:
processing your personal data as described above as well as providing and enhancing the Service features;
providing customer support and feedback, analyzing the Service functionality and technical issues and tracking use of the Service;
providing customized, tailored and personalized advertisements to users of the Service; and
responding to a request from law enforcement or a government that has asserted its lawful authority to obtain the data or where Wizard Games has reasonable grounds to believe the data could be useful in the investigation of unlawful activity, complying with a subpoena or warrant or an order made by a court, person or body with jurisdiction to compel the production of data, complying with court rules regarding the production of records and data, defending our rights and the rights of others or providing information to our legal counsel.
THIRD-PARTY SERVICES
The Privacy Policy only applies to personal data that Wizard Games collects, processes and discloses and does not apply to the collection, processing and disclosure of data by third parties, through third-party services, which may be broader than set forth in this Privacy Policy, and that may be embedded into the Service. In many cases, third-parties
may collect personal information about a user’s online activities over time and across different websites and services.
We strongly recommend that you read each third-party privacy policy carefully before using the Service. Wizard Games may provide data to third-parties, including: Google, Microsoft (including PlayFab and Xbox), Sony and Nintendo. A full list of third-parties that may have access to your personal data when using the Service can be found here at:
https://www.wizardgames.ca/about/cookies-policy
. Please contact us directly using the information found below if you would like to learn more about third-party data practices.
In return for some of the premium features of Wizard Games’ game applications, you may choose to be a peer on the Bright Data network. By doing so you agree to have read and accepted the Terms of Service of the Bright SDK EULA:
https://bright-sdk.com/eula
and Bright Data’s Privacy Policy
https://brightdata.com/legal/sdk-privacy
.
You may opt out of the Bright Data network by clicking the ‘Web Indexing’ toggle in the options menu of the game application.
COOKIES AND DIGITAL TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
The Service does not uses tracking technologies, such as cookies, web beacons, java beacons and clear GIFs, to collect data about you, such as your IP address but may use third party software that does use these tracking technologies. Based on this data, third-parties may be able to resolve your identity across multiple devices, for example, by matching your IP address, in order to target you based on your online behavior. This data is collected, used and disclosed in accordance with the terms the applicable third-party privacy policies. Certain features of the Service may rely on tracking technologies and by declining to accept cookies, disabling JavaScript or by changing certain settings on your device, you may not have access to these features. You have the right to opt-out of certain cookies that are not necessary for the operations of the Service, including third-party cookies and may do so her
e:
https://www.wizardgames.ca/about/cookies-policy
.
OBTAINING, RECTIFYING AND CONTROLLING YOUR PERSONAL DATA
You may contact Wizard Games to obtain a copy of any personal data we have collected about you, the production of which may be subject to a fee as permitted by applicable law. In addition, you may contact Wizard Games to correct inaccurate personal data or to complete incomplete personal data.
You may be able to opt-out of some or all of the ways in which your personal data is processed, or request the deletion of certain personal data, except where the personal data is necessary or vital:
for the performance of contractual obligations, such as the TOU;
to comply with our legal obligations;
to protect your interests or those of another person; and
for our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of a third-party,
and may do so by removing personal data, if the Service permits such removal, by deleting your Account or by contacting us using the contact information found below.
DATA STORAGE, RETENTION AND TRANSFERS
While Wizard Games is a Canadian company, the data you provide through the Service may be stored and processed by third parties in countries around the world. You authorize Wizard Games and third parties acting on our behalf to process your data in any country of their choosing, which may cause your data, including personal and anonymous data, to be subject to privacy protections and legal rights that may not be equivalent to those in your country.
Wizard Games complies with international personal data transfer laws in applicable jurisdictions. For European Economic Area (“
EEA
”) residents, Wizard Games complies with Articles 44-49 of the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (the “
GDPR
”). Currently, any transfers of personal data to Canada from residents of the EEA are covered by an adequacy decision as described in Article 45 of the GDPR.
Your personal data is retained until you request its deletion or until Wizard Games no longer requires such data for the purpose for which it was collected or until required to be deleted by laws applicable in your jurisdiction. Please email us at
support@wizardgames.ca
to delete any personal data of yours we hold.
CHILDREN
Wizard Games complies with the U.S. Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act and all other applicable laws and regulations concerning children and the Internet. The Service is not directed to children under the age of 13 and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. If we learn that we inadvertently collected personal information from a child under the age of 13, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you are a parent or guardian of a child who you believe provided Wizard Games with personal information without your consent, please contact us at
support@wizardgames.ca
. Furthermore, PlayFab functionality is disabled for all users under the age of 13.
If you are a resident of the EEA below the age of consent in your country, Wizard Games shall comply with applicable consent gathering standards required by law in your jurisdiction. If you are a parent or guardian of a child below the age of consent in your jurisdiction who you believe provided Wizard Games with personal information without your consent, please contact us at
support@wizardgames.ca
.
DO NOT TRACK DISCLOSURE
Do Not Track (“
DNT
”) is a web or device setting that allows users to request that receivers of personal data stop their tracking activities. When you choose to turn on the DNT setting in your browser or device or use alternative consumer choice mechanisms, your browser or device sends a special signal to websites, analytics companies, advertising networks, plug in providers and other web services you encounter to stop tracking your activity. Currently, there are no DNT technology standards, and it is possible that there may never be any DNT technology standards. As a result, we do not respond to DNT requests.
CALIFORNIA “SHINE THE LIGHT” RIGHT
If you are a California resident, California Civil Code 1798.83 grants you the right to request our disclosure of the categories of personal information we provided to third parties, and the names and addresses of these third parties, for direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident and would like to make this request, please contact us using the contact information set forth below.
Please note that you may only make this request once per year.
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
If you are a California resident, California Civil Code Section 1798.120 permits you to opt-out of the sale of your personal information to third parties. Currently, Wizard Games does not sell your personal information to third parties and as such no opt-out of the sale of such personal information is necessary. Although Wizard Games does not sell your personal information, Wizard Games does provide a general opt-out right to all of our users as described in our Privacy Policy. Furthermore, as Wizard Games already complies with Canadian and EEA privacy laws, the rights required to be provided by law to Californian residents are provide to all our users. If you have any other questions about our privacy practices, please email us at
support@wizardgames.ca
.
EUROPEAN USERS AND RIGHTS OF EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA RESIDENTS
Wizard Games has a legitimate interest, as described in Article 6(1)(f) of the GDPR, in collecting your personal data as described in section 2 of this Privacy Policy for the purposes described in detail in section 3 of this Privacy Policy. In addition, when you provide consent to contact you using your email address or when providing us your contact information by linking a third-party account or ID to our Service, Wizard Games may contact and communicate with you using this information, pursuant to Article 6(1)(a) of the GDPR. Note also that UK residents have similar rights as EEA residents and the same rights described in this section also apply to UK residents (and residents located in other jurisdictions around the world) under similarly applicable laws.
If you are a resident of the EEA, you have certain rights relating to your personal data. These rights include:
A Right of Access.
You have the right to access your personal data that we hold about you free of charge in most circumstances;
A Right to Rectification.
If your personal data is inaccurate or incomplete, you can change the information you provided by changing the information yourself on the Service, through third-party services (such as PlayFab)or by contacting Wizard Games using the email listed below;
A Right to Erasure.
You have the right to obtain deletion of personal data concerning you in many cases. Often you can just delete your information by yourself through the Game or Service, but you can also request the deletion by using the contact information found below. Please be careful as the deletion of your data in this manner is permanent and may never be restored;
A Right to Object.
If the processing of your personal data is based on legitimate interests according to Article 6(1)(f) of the GDPR, you have the right to object to this processing in most cases. If you object, we will no longer process your personal data unless there are compelling and prevailing legitimate grounds for the processing as described in Article 21 of the GDPR; in particular if the personal data is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims or in the case where the personal data is required for the provision of certain features of the Service and you still wish to use such features of the Service;
A Right to file a Complaint.
You have the right to file a complaint with the appropriate supervisory authority in your jurisdiction;
A Right to Restriction of Processing of your Personal Data.
You have the right to obtain restrictions on the processing of your personal data as described in Article 18 of the GDPR;
A Right to Personal Data Portability.
You have the right to receive your Personal Data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and have the right to transmit such data to another controller under the conditions described in Article 20 of the GDPR. Although the personal data collected by Wizard Games is not particularly useful to other companies as the data collected largely relates to your usage of the Service, Wizard Games will comply will all requests for the portability of your personal data;
A Right to Post-Mortem Control of Your Personal Data.
If data protection legislation and related regulations in France are applicable to you, you have the right to establish guidelines for the preservation, the deletion and the transmission of your personal data after your death in accordance with Article 40-1 of the Act No. 78-17 of January 6, 1978 on Information, Technology, Data Files and Civil Liberties; and
A Right to Opt-out of Marketing Communications.
You
have the right to opt-out of marketing communications we send you at any time. You can exercise this right by clicking on the “unsubscribe” or “opt-out” link on any marketing e-mails Wizard Games sends you. To opt-out of other forms of marketing, please contact us using the contact details provided below.
CHANGE OF OWNERSHIP OR BUSINESS TRANSITION
In the event of, or in preparation for, a change of ownership or control of Wizard Games or a business transition such as the sale of Wizard Games or the sale of some or all Wizard Games’s assets, we may disclose and/or transfer your personal and anonymous data to third parties who will have the right to continue to collect and use such data in the manner set forth in this Privacy Policy.
SECURITY
We are committed to ensuring that your data is secure. To prevent unauthorized access, disclosure, or breach, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic, and administrative procedures to safeguard and secure the data we collect and process.
CONTACT PREFERENCES
We communicate with our users primarily through the Service itself, our online forums, Discord, Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, YouTube and Tiktok but we may sometimes collect the email address of some of our users in order to respond to support requests or comments. If you have provided us with your email address and would like to change the email preferences we associate with you (for example, unsubscribing from receiving certain types of email) you may do so by clicking a link within certain types of emails that we send to you or, if no link is available, by replying with “unsubscribe” in the email title or body or by modifying your email settings within the Service. On rare occasions, some types of email are necessary for the Service and cannot be unsubscribed from if you continue to use the Service.
UPDATES
Wizard Games reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to modify the Privacy Policy at any time (“
Updates
”) and shall make Updates available on Wizard Games’s website. You are deemed to accept Updates by continuing to use the Service. Unless Wizard Games states otherwise, Updates are automatically effective 30 days after posting on Wizard Games website.
CONTACT US
If you have requests, questions or comments about the Privacy Policy or our data collection in general, please contact our Data Protection Officer at
support@wizardgames.ca
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://bright-sdk.com/privacy-policy:
Bright SDK Privacy Policy
Last updated: August 8, 2023
Last updated: August 8, 2023
Hi there! If you are here, you probably wanted to learn about Bright Data’s privacy policy concerning the SDK that you agreed to activate as part of the application you are using. FYI, full information regarding Bright SDK is on
https://bright-sdk.com
. Specifically, Frequently asked questions for users are on
https://bright-sdk.com/users
A link to this page appears on:
The consent screen asking you if you want to opt-in to Bright Data’s network
The application developer’s own terms of use and privacy policy
On our own website
This page has two parts:
An overview of the privacy policy, written in simple English
The official, legal privacy policy
The overview is provided for information purposes only, for your convenience. The overview is a summary of the main points in the policy, but is not an exhaustive legal document. We encourage you to read the entire policy to better understand how you can update, manage, export and delete your information. In case of any conflicts between these two parts, the official legal privacy policy takes precedence.
1. Bright SDK privacy in simple terms
Let’s be very clear: We don’t know any personal information about you, who you are, or what you do online.
We don’t know your name, your email, what web pages you visit, or what apps you use.
We don’t read identifiers that already exist on your device (for example: Apple’s IDFA)
We don’t leave any cookies or other identifiers on your device.
We don’t know or track what you do on a specific app, or across several apps.
Since we don’t have any data about you, we of course have nothing to share with 3rd parties.
In other words, to us all Bright SDK users are anonymous and indistinguishable. We just don’t need to know any of your personal information, and we don’t track you in any way.
There is one thing we know, and that is your IP address. We respect all applicable data privacy  regulations when it comes to it.
BTW, you know who else knows your IP address?
Any website you visit, and any app you use – they all know your IP address too.
Don’t believe it? Try googling “
what is my IP address
” for example, or check your Internet speed on
www.speedtest.net
or check your location on
iplocation.net
. Can you see your IP address come up on screen?
Even though we know your IP, we do not use it for Bright Data’s ongoing business operations. In fact, the reason we collect it is to comply with GDPR (e.g. record the fact you gave your consent) and to comply with other legal requirements.
To summarize – search engines, social networks and advertising networks all need some sort of information about you in order to decide which ads to display to you.
Bright SDK is totally different. It does not display ads, does not collect any of your personal information, and does not track you in any way.
We hope this helps clarify what we know about you. Now, feel free to read the full policy:
2. Our official privacy policy
Bright Data Ltd.(“Bright Data “, “we,” or “us”) is the owner of the website brightdata.com (“the Site”), the Bright Data software (“the Software”), the Bright SDK (“the SDK”) and the Bright Data services (as detailed below), any accompanying services, features, content, and applications offered by us (collectively referred herein as “the Services”). We are concerned about your privacy and have designed this Privacy Policy in order to help you decide whether to use the Services. This Privacy Policy is a legally binding agreement between you (“you” or “user”) and us. By accessing and using the Services, or providing information to us in other formats, you agree and accept the terms of this Privacy Policy as amended from time to time and consent to the collection and use of information in the manner set out in this Privacy Policy. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy carefully and to periodically refer to it so that you understand it and any subsequent changes made to it. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE STOP USING THE SERVICES IMMEDIATELY AND UNINSTALL WHERE RELEVANT.
IN ADDITION TO THIS POLICY, PLEASE REVIEW OUR
END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT
, WHICH IS INCORPORATED HEREIN BY REFERENCE, TOGETHER WITH SUCH OTHER POLICIES OF WHICH YOU MAY BE NOTIFIED OF BY US FROM TIME TO TIME.
The Services
Bright Data provides proxy services and data collector products and services. Bright Data gives its customers the ability to route traffic through its peers’ available resources. Bright Data treats certain devices of peers as nodes in the Bright Data network used to operate the Services. Peers agree to share their available resources and become part of the Bright Data network in return for free features, ads free app, etc.
What types of information do we collect?
We collect the following types of data from you when you use the Services:
Non-Personal Information: This information cannot be used to identify the user from which that data was collected. Such Non-Personal Information include aggregated usage information and technical information transmitted by your device, such as your approximate geo-location, hardware specifications, OS and SDK version, browser type and version, the date of the Software installation, your URL requests, and respective time stamps.
Personal Information: Personal Information is information that identifies or may identify you. The only Personal Information we may collect and retain is your IP address, which is necessary in order to provide our Service. Any Non-Personal Information that is specifically connected or linked to any Personal Information, is treated by us as Personal Information as long as such connection or linkage exists.
Legal basis for processing
Processing of Personal Information is necessary for the performance of our contractual obligations towards you and providing you with our services, to protect our legitimate interests and to comply with our legal obligations.
How we use the information we collect
We may use the information for the following:
To provide our Services, including audits and calculations of fees;
To detect and prevent illegal activity, activity that violates our terms of use, or any other type of activity that may jeopardize or negatively affect the integrity of the Service;
To perform analysis and research to improve the Service;
Information we share
We do not rent, sell, or share your Personal Information with third parties except as described in this Privacy Policy.
We may transfer or disclose Personal Information to our subsidiaries, affiliated companies, subcontractors, or such other trusted third party service providers or partners, who are located in different jurisdictions across the world, for the purpose of: (a) storing or processing such information on our behalf (e.g. on cloud computing services) or to assist us with our business operations, to authenticate your access and to provide and improve our Service; (b) performing research, technical diagnostics, analytics or statistical purposes.
The above shall be deemed as the categories of Personal Information we have disclosed for a business purpose in the preceding 12 months for the purpose of the California Consumer Privacy Act, Cal. Civ. Code §§ 1798.100 et seq. (“CCPA”).
We may also share your Personal Information and other information in special cases if we have good reason to believe that it is necessary to: (1) comply with law, regulation, subpoena or court order; (2) detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, security, violation of our policies or technical issues; (3) enforce the provisions of this Privacy Policy or any other agreements between you and us, including investigation of potential violations thereof; (4) protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of us, its partners, its affiliates, users, or the public.
We have not sold (as this term is defined under the CCPA) Your Personal Information in the preceding 12 months.
Security and Confidentiality
We use industry-standard security tools and measures, as well as internal procedures and strict guidelines to prevent information misuse and data leakage. Our employees and contractors access the information on a need-to-know basis and subject to confidentiality obligations.
We use measures and procedures that substantially reduce the risks of data misuse, but we cannot guarantee that our systems will be absolutely safe. If you become aware of any potential data breach or security vulnerability, you are requested to contact us immediately. We will use all measures to investigate the incident, including preventive measures, as required.
Since we operate globally, it may be required to transfer your Personal Information to other countries worldwide. In these instances, we will take steps to ensure that a similar level of protection is given to your Personal Information through adequate legal mechanisms, in accordance with the GDPR.
Your Choices and Retention
We value your privacy and your control of personal information. You may therefore notify us that you wish to review your Personal Information or delete it. You can notify us by sending an email to privacy@bright-sdk.com. You may choose at any time not to allow us or any third party to collect data about you. You may request to view or edit Personal Information that is stored about you.
For EU residents
: Please note that the following rights specifically apply regarding your Personal Information: (1) Receive confirmation as to whether or not Personal Information concerning you is being processed, and access your stored Personal Information, together with supplementary information; (2) Receive a copy of Personal Information you directly volunteer to us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format; (3) Request rectification of your Personal Information that is in our control; (4) Request erasure of your Personal Information; (5) Object to the processing of Personal Information by us; (6) Request to restrict processing of your Personal Information by us; (7) Lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
Please note that these rights are not absolute and may be subject to our own legitimate interests and regulatory requirements.
As of January 1st 2020, California residents are granted with the right not to be discriminated against for having exercised their rights under the CCPA. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:
Deny you goods or services;
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties;
Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services;
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
If you are a resident of California, United States, you have the right to send us a written request regarding a list of Personal Information categories that we may have disclosed to third parties or to which we may have given to third parties, and the details of such third parties. To exercise such right, you may contact us at: privacy@bright-sdk.com.
We will retain your Personal Information for the duration required to provide our App, and as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our policies. Retention periods will be determined taking into account the type of information that is collected and the purpose for which it is collected, bearing in mind the requirements applicable to the situation and the need to destroy outdated, unused information at the earliest reasonable time. Under applicable regulations, we will keep records containing Personal Information, account opening documents, communications and anything else as required by applicable laws and regulations.
We may rectify, replenish or remove incomplete or inaccurate information, at any time and at our own discretion.
Change of Ownership
In the event of a change of ownership or control of all or a part of Bright Data, including without limitation through acquisition, merger, or sale, we reserve the right to transfer all or part of the Personal Information we store in our systems.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
This Policy may be revised from time to time at our sole discretion, so please check it regularly. The last revision will be reflected in the “Last Updated” heading. Any change of this policy will be posted on the Site. Your continued use of the Services following any such changes will be considered as you consent to the amended Privacy Policy.
Contact Us
If you feel that your privacy was not treated in accordance with our Privacy Policy, or if you believe that your privacy has been compromised by any person in the course of using the Services, please contact Bright Data at: privacy@bright-sdk.com and we will promptly investigate.
Copyright (c) 2023 Bright Data.
We value your privacy
We recommend you accept all cookies for the optimal experience when using our wesbite.
Accept all
Analytics only
Cookies settings