Home
Privacy Policy
Legal Information
This web site is owned and managed by the Cary Institute of Ecosystem Studies on behalf of the Global Lake Ecological Observatory Network (GLEON) and Lake Observer App.
          We can be reached via the
Contact Us
form on this website.
Privacy Policy
You can view this web site without telling us who you are and without revealing any personal information. The only information we collect and store during normal web site use is the 
            name of your Internet service provider, the browser (including available plug-ins and browser functionality), the IP address, the web site that referred you to us, the pages you 
            request and the date and time of those requests. We use this information to generate statistics and measure site activity to improve the usefulness of user visits. During 
            normal web site usage, we do not collect or store any personally identifiable information.
We collect the e-mail addresses of those who provide this information, as well as other information volunteered by the user, such as site registrations. 
            The information we collect is used to verify user accounts and contact users,for marketing purposes. From time to time, we may make the e-mail addresses of those who access our site available to other reputable 
            organizations that are working in partnership with us. If you do not want us to share your e-mail address with other companies or organizations, please
Contact Us
using the form provided.
            If you do not want to receive e-mail from us, please
Contact Us
using the form provided or use the link provided in e-mails received from us to "opt out" directly.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you will only receive the information for which you provided us your address. Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers 
            on-line will only receive telephone contact from us with information regarding information requested on-line. Please provide us with your name and phone number. We will be sure your name 
            is removed from the list we share with other organizations. For Ad Servers: We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the 
            future, we will contact you before we use your data for these new purposes to notify you of the policy change and to provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses.
Mobile App Data Submissions
The Lake Observer mobile apps collect location information (lat/lng) in the background when recording data. It is important that your data is accurately geotagged so that we know where a particular measurement was taken. If you take measurements in the field but submit the data from a different location, please make sure that the correct location values are specified.
Security Information
We always use industry-standard encryption technologies when transferring and receiving consumer data exchanged with our site, When we transfer and receive certain types 
            of sensitive information such as financial information, we redirect visitors to a secure server.
Copyright Statement
Copyright © 2015 Cary Institute of Ecosystem Studies - All Rights Reserved
All content, including text, graphics, and any other material on this site is owned by the Cary Institute of Ecosystem Studies except where specifically noted otherwise and may 
            not be copied, reproduced, downloaded, or used in any manner without the express written permission of the owners.