App Store
Preview
Open the Mac App Store to buy and download apps.
iPhone Screenshots
Description
Concussion Education and Assessment
The Concussion Smart App is a new tool that helps coaches and parents recognise whether an individual is exhibiting/reporting the signs and symptoms of a suspected concussion. The app allows a coach or parent to respond quickly and appropriately to this potentially serious medical situation. It informs on the signs and symptoms of a concussion, how to self-monitor and when to seek medical advice following a hit to the head. Concussion is a manageable injury; however it can lead to long term difficulties or even fatality if not taken seriously.
Benefits and features
Concussion Test
The concussion test feature has three different tests, these include
1) Side-line quick check - The Maddocks questions are validated for side-line evaluation only. They are a list of five questions that are part of an assessment for concussion on the sports side-line following a hit to the head
2) Complete Concussion Test – Developed from the SCAT3 this is a more detailed concussion test and assessment that can be used by a coach or parent to monitor an individual after a knock to the head to monitor if they need further medical advice.
3) Clinician Corner - SCAT3 - The SCAT3 is a standardized tool for evaluating injured athletes for concussion. The SCAT3 is designed for use by medical professionals.  This assessment can be completed on the smart phone with an option to email to print for your records
Signs and Symptoms
A list of the signs and symptoms of a concussion allowing coaches and parents to know how to educate themselves to be able to identify a concussion
Return to Play Guide
After an individual suffers a concussion a Return to play Guide should be followed before returning to the field of play. This is a guided step-by-step, graduated, exercise-limited process. The player should avoid activities that require concentration or attention until symptoms have been absent for a minimum of 24 hours. If signs or symptoms persist at any rehabilitation stage do not allow the player to move onto the next stage until symptom free.
Rest = Recovery
After an initial concussion the individual should subscribe to complete and utter rest
Concussion Information
The apps information section helps coaches and parents to make an informed decision regarding how to proceed after a child or players injury. This feature includes answers to Frequently Asked Questions for coaches and parents
Tell a Friend
If you like this app and want to help ‘Knock the Issue of Concussion on the Head’ you can share this app with your friends or followers and help reduce the number of concussions continuing to play while concussed.
Acquired Brain Injury Ireland is Ireland's leading provider of Community Based Neuro- Rehabilitation services for people with an acquired brain injury. For more information visit http://abiireland.ie
Sponsored by Medtronic and Covidien
more
What’s New
Version History
14 Oct 2015
Version 1.2
This app has been updated by Apple to display the Apple Watch app icon.
Minor bug fixes
Ratings and Reviews
5.0
out of 5
1 Rating
1 Rating
App Privacy
See Details
The developer,
Acquired Brain Injury Ireland
, has not provided details about its privacy practices and handling of data to Apple.
No Details Provided
The developer will be required to provide privacy details when they submit their next app update.
Information
Provider
Peter Bradley Foundation Ltd has identified itself as a trader for this app and confirmed that this product or service complies with European Union law.
DUNS Number
985336655
Address
2nd Floor Block A, Century House
Dun Laoghaire N/A
Ireland
Phone Number
+353 872491332
Email
hello@abiireland.ie
Size
6.4 MB
Category
Education
Compatibility
iPhone
Requires iOS 7.1 or later.
iPod touch
Requires iOS 7.1 or later.
Mac
Requires macOS 11.0 or later and a Mac with Apple M1 chip or later.
Apple Vision
Requires visionOS 1.0 or later.
Languages
English
Age Rating
17+
Frequent/Intense Medical/Treatment Information
Infrequent/Mild Alcohol, Tobacco, or Drug Use or References
Copyright
© 2015 Acquired Brain Injury Ireland
Price
Free
App Support
App Support
You Might Also Like
See All
SCORE 4 Brain Health
Education
DTMS Events
Education
Bremen City Schools
Education
AOSSM eLearning
Education
SRK Naturopathy college
Education
Hudson-Alpha-Filtered
Education
Sub-section Policy: 