Apps
Contact
Privacy Policy
This page was translated from the original
German version
.
Name and Address of the Controller
The controller within the meaning of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and other national data protection laws of the member states as well as other data protection regulations is:
Huu Phuoc Loi, Sandfeld 23, 29227 Celle, Email: contact@art-loi.com, www.art-loi.com.
General Information on Data Processing
Scope of the Processing of Personal Data
We generally only process personal data of our users to the extent necessary to provide a functioning website or app as well as our content and services. The processing of personal data of our users is regularly only carried out with the consent of the user. An exception applies in such cases where obtaining prior consent is not possible for factual reasons and the processing of the data is permitted by legal regulations.
Legal Basis for the Processing of Personal Data
Where we obtain the consent of the data subject for processing personal data, Article 6(1)(a) of the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) serves as the legal basis.
For the processing of personal data necessary for the performance of a contract to which the data subject is a party, Article 6(1)(b) GDPR serves as the legal basis. This also applies to processing operations necessary for the performance of pre-contractual measures.
Where processing of personal data is necessary to fulfill a legal obligation to which our company is subject, Article 6(1)(c) GDPR serves as the legal basis.
If the processing is necessary to safeguard a legitimate interest of our company or a third party, and the interests, fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject do not override the first-mentioned interest, Article 6(1)(f) GDPR serves as the legal basis for the processing.
Data Erasure and Storage Duration
Personal data of the data subject will be deleted or blocked as soon as the purpose of storage no longer applies. Storage may also take place if provided for by the European or national legislator in Union regulations, laws or other provisions to which the controller is subject. Data will also be blocked or deleted if a storage period prescribed by the aforementioned standards expires, unless there is a need for further storage of the data for the conclusion or performance of a contract.
Provision of the Website and Creation of Logfiles
Description and Scope of Data Processing
Each time our website is accessed, our system automatically collects data and information from the computer system of the calling computer.
The following data is collected:
(1) Information about the browser type and version
(2) The user's IP address
(3) Date and time of access
(4) Websites from which the user's system accesses our website
(5) Websites accessed by the user's system through our website
The data is also stored in the log files of our system. Not affected by this are the user's IP addresses or any other data that enable the assignemnt of the data to a specific user. The data is not stored together with other personal data of the user.
Legal Basis for Data Processing
The legal basis for the temporary storage of data and log files is our legitimate interest in data processing pursuant to Article 6(1)(f) GDPR.
Purpose of Data Processing
The temporary storage of the IP address by the system is necessary to enable delivery of the website to the user's computer. For this purpose, the user's IP address must be stored for the duration of the session.
Duration of Storage
The data will be deleted as soon as they are no longer necessary for the purpose of their collection. In the case of data collection for the provision of the website, this is the case when the respective session has ended.
Right to Object and Removal Option
The collection of data for the provision of the website and the storage of data in log files is mandatory for the operation of the website. Therefore, there is no option for the user to object.
Provision of the Apps
Description and Scope of Processing of Personal Data
Our free, ad-supported apps use technologies from Admob, Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway Mountain View, CA 94043, USA ("Google"). In Europe, Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland is responsible for all Google services.
The following data may be collected from the app:
IP address
A device ID, such as the device's advertising ID or other app or developer-limited device IDs
Non-user-related crash logs for diagnosing problems
Advertising data, such as ads viewed or clicked by the user
User-related performance data such as app start time and duration of use.
Google may share the personal data collected through their technical processes with third parties. Additionally, Google may transfer and process data in the USA. 
    It should be noted that Google is subject to the European Commission's standard contractual clauses for transfers of data between EU and non-EU/EEA countries. This means that Google is obligated to have a level of data protection that is adequate for the EU, even if personal data is transferred to third countries such as the USA.
Google's Privacy Policy: https://business.safety.google/privacy/.
Information on EU Standard Contractual Clauses: https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/international-dimension-data-protection/standard-contractual-clauses-scc_en
Users have the option to object to the display of personalized ads in the app. If the use of personal data is objected to, non-personalized ads will be displayed.
Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data
If we ask users for consent, the legal basis for this processing is Art. 6(1)(a) GDPR.
Otherwise, the processing of personal data of users is based on our legitimate interests pursuant to Art.6(1)(f) GDPR.
Purpose of Data Processing
The processing of personal data of users aims to optimize the display of advertisements according to their interests. This ensures that users receive more relevant ads, thereby ensuring a good user experience and optimizing the financing of our free apps.
Right to Object and Removal Option
In our free, ad-supported apps, users can determine how their personal data is used:
Tap on the Info icon within the app
Tap on "Ad settings"
Now make the appropriate settings.
Note that the standard settings will always be displayed each time you reopen the app.
Users can generally set on the iPhone or iPad whether personalized ads are displayed by accessing the device settings. Ad tracking on the iPhone or iPad can be disabled on the following screen:
Open the "Settings" app
Tap on "Privacy & Security"
Tap on "Tracking"
Note on App Permissions
It may be necessary for certain permissions and access to the user's smartphone to be requested for the use of our apps. These are solely for the functionality of our apps.
For example, access to the Photo app is required in the "Team Lineup" app to save the team lineup in the Photo app's album.
The precise GPS location, for example, is only queried if it is necessary for the functionality of the app.
We do not engage in any other use of permissions or personal processing.
Email Contact
Description and Scope of Data Processing
Contact can be made via the provided email address on our website and in our apps. In this case, the personal data transmitted by the user via email will be stored.
In this context, the data will not be passed on to third parties. The data will be used solely for processing the conversation.
Legal Basis for Data Processing
The legal basis for processing data transmitted via email is Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR. If the email contact aims to conclude a contract, an additional legal basis for processing is Art. 6(1)(b) GDPR.
Purpose of Data Processing
The processing of personal data in case of contact via email serves the purpose of handling the contact. At the same time, there is also a necessary legitimate interest in processing the data.
Duration of Storage
The data will be deleted as soon as they are no longer necessary for the purpose of their collection. For the personal data sent by email, this is the case when the respective conversation with the user is terminated. The conversation is deemed terminated when it can be inferred from the circumstances that the matter in question has been conclusively clarified.
Right to Object and Removal Option
If the user contacts us via email, they can object to the storage of their personal data at any time. In such a case, the conversation cannot be continued.
A informal notification via email is sufficient for the revocation.
In this case, all personal data stored as part of the contact will be deleted.
Rights of the Data Subject
If your personal data is processed, you are a data subject within the meaning of the GDPR and you have the following rights against the controller:
Right of Access
You have the right to request confirmation from the controller as to whether personal data concerning you is being processed by us.
If such processing is taking place, you can request the following information from the controller:
(1) the purposes for which the personal data are processed;
(2) the categories of personal data processed;
(3) the recipients or categories of recipients to whom the personal data concerning you have been or will be disclosed;
(4) the envisaged period for which the personal data concerning you will be stored, or, if not possible, the criteria used to determine that period;
(5) the existence of the right to request from the controller rectification or erasure of personal data or restriction of processing of personal data concerning you or to object to such processing;
(6) the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority;
(7) any available information as to the source of the data if the personal data are not collected from the data subject;
(8) the existence of automated decision-making, including profiling, referred to in Article 22(1) and (4) GDPR and, at least in those cases, meaningful information about the logic involved, as well as the significance and envisaged consequences of such processing for the data subject.
You have the right to request information as to whether the personal data concerning you is transferred to a third country or to an international organization. In this context, you can request to be informed about the appropriate safeguards pursuant to Art. 46 GDPR relating to the transfer.
Right to Rectification
You have the right to request correction and/or completion from the controller if the processed personal data concerning you is incorrect or incomplete. We must make the correction without delay.
Right to Restriction of Processing
Under the following conditions, you may request restriction of the processing of your personal data:
(1)	if you contest the accuracy of the personal data concerning you for a period enabling the controller to verify the accuracy of the personal data;
(2)	the processing is unlawful, and you oppose the erasure of the personal data and request the restriction of their use instead;
(3)	the controller no longer needs the personal data for the purposes of the processing, but you require them for the establishment, exercise, or defense of legal claims; or
(4)	if you have objected to processing pursuant to Art. 21(1) GDPR pending the verification of whether the legitimate grounds of the controller override yours.
Where processing of your personal data has been restricted, these data shall – with the exception of storage – only be processed with your consent or for the establishment, exercise, or defense of legal claims or for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person or for reasons of important public interest of the Union or of a Member State.
If processing has been restricted under the abovementioned conditions, you will be informed by the controller before the restriction is lifted.
Right to Erasure
Obligation to Erase
You may request the controller to erase the personal data concerning you without undue delay, and the controller shall erase this data without undue delay if one of the following grounds applies:
(1)	the personal data concerning you are no longer necessary for the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed.
(2)	you withdraw your consent on which the processing is based according to Art. 6(1)(a) or Art. 9(2)(a) GDPR, and there is no other legal ground for the processing.
(3)	you object to the processing pursuant to Art. 21(1) GDPR and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for the processing, or you object to the processing pursuant to Art. 21(2) GDPR.
(4)	the personal data concerning you have been unlawfully processed.
(5)	the erasure of the personal data concerning you is required for compliance with a legal obligation under Union or Member State law to which the controller is subject.
(6)	the personal data concerning you have been collected in relation to the offer of information society services referred to in Art. 8(1) GDPR.
Information to Third Parties
Where the controller has made the personal data concerning you public and is obliged pursuant to Art. 17(1) GDPR to erase the personal data, the controller, taking account of available technology and the cost of implementation, shall take reasonable steps, including technical measures, to inform controllers which are processing the personal data that you, as the data subject, have requested the erasure by such controllers of any links to, or copy or replication of, those personal data.
Exceptions
The right to erasure does not exist to the extent that processing is necessary
(1)	for exercising the right of freedom of expression and information;
(2)	for compliance with a legal obligation which requires processing by Union or Member State law to which the controller is subject or for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the controller;
(3)	for reasons of public interest in the area of public health pursuant to Art. 9(2)(h) and (i) and Art. 9(3) GDPR;
(4)	for archiving purposes in the public interest, scientific or historical research purposes, or statistical purposes pursuant to Art. 89(1) GDPR in so far as the right referred to in section a) is likely to render impossible or seriously impair the achievement of the objectives of that processing; or
(5)	for the establishment, exercise, or defense of legal claims.
Right to Notification
If you have exercised your right to rectification, erasure, or restriction of processing, the controller is obligated to notify all recipients to whom the personal data concerning you have been disclosed of this rectification or erasure of the data or restriction of processing, unless this proves impossible or involves disproportionate effort.
You have the right to be informed about these recipients by the controller.
Right to Data Portability
You have the right to receive the personal data concerning you, which you have provided to the controller, in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format. You also have the right to transmit those data to another controller without hindrance from the controller to which the personal data have been provided, where
(1)	the processing is based on consent pursuant to Art. 6(1)(a) GDPR or Art. 9(2)(a9) GDPR or on a contract pursuant to Art. 6(1)(b) GDPR; and
(2)	the processing is carried out by automated means.
In exercising this right, you also have the right to have the personal data concerning you transmitted directly from one controller to another, where technically feasible. This must not adversely affect the freedoms and rights of others.
The right to data portability does not apply to processing necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the controller.
Right to Object
You have the right to object, on grounds relating to your particular situation, at any time to processing of personal data concerning you which is based on Art. 6(1) lit. e or f GDPR, including profiling based on those provisions.
The controller shall no longer process the personal data concerning you unless the controller demonstrates compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights, and freedoms, or for the establishment, exercise, or defense of legal claims.
Where personal data concerning you are processed for direct marketing purposes, you have the right to object at any time to processing of personal data concerning you for such marketing, which includes profiling to the extent that it is related to such direct marketing.
If you object to processing for direct marketing purposes, the personal data concerning you will no longer be processed for such purposes.
    You have the option to exercise your right to object in relation to the use of information society services – notwithstanding Directive 2002/58/EC – by automated means using technical specifications.
Right to Withdraw Consent
You have the right to withdraw your consent to the processing of your personal data at any time. The withdrawal of consent shall not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
Automated Individual Decision-Making, Including Profiling
You have the right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects concerning you or similarly significantly affects you. This does not apply if the decision
(1)	is necessary for entering into, or performance of, a contract between you and the data controller;
(2)	is authorized by Union or Member State law to which the controller is subject and which also lays down suitable measures to safeguard your rights and freedoms and legitimate interests; or
(3)	is based on your explicit consent.
However, these decisions must not be based on special categories of personal data referred to in Art. 9(1) GDPR unless Art. 9(2)(a) or (g) GDPR applies and suitable measures to safeguard your rights and freedoms and legitimate interests are in place.
    In the cases referred to in (1) and (3), the controller shall implement suitable measures to safeguard your rights and freedoms and legitimate interests, at least the right to obtain human intervention on the part of the controller, to express your point of view, and to contest the decision.
Right to Lodge a Complaint with a Supervisory Authority
Without prejudice to any other administrative or judicial remedy, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the Member State of your habitual residence, place of work, or place of the alleged infringement if you consider that the processing of personal data relating to you infringes the GDPR.
    The supervisory authority with which the complaint has been lodged shall inform the complainant on the progress and the outcome of the complaint including the possibility of a judicial remedy pursuant to Art. 78 GDPR.
Amendment of the Privacy Policy
Due to the ongoing development of our website and apps and the implementation of new features, changes to this Privacy Policy may be required. Therefore, we recommend that you review this Privacy Policy regularly.