CHUBB TRAVEL SMART
END USER LICENCE AGREEMENT
This End User Licence Agreement is made up of two parts:
General Terms
Privacy Policy
(together, the “Terms”).
The Terms were last updated on 21 September 2020.
General Terms
General
These Terms constitute a legal agreement between Chubb INA Holdings Inc., acting on behalf of its group and joint venture companies and (where applicable) their authorised third party insurance partners and authorised service providers (together, “
Associated Companies
”), (“
Chubb
”, “
we
”, “
us
”, “
our
”), and a corporation or other legal entity, (the “
Client
”), or a you as a user, (the “
End User
”), (both referred to as “
you
” and “
your
” where applicable to both), governing the access to Chubb Travel Smart, including Chubb Travel Smart’s End User application, (the “
App
”), and Chubb Travel Smart’s Client platform, (the “
Platform
”), (jointly referred to as the “
Services
”), or any third party app or services provided to you in which the Services have been incorporated or form an integral part of.
Chubb and the Client or End User are each referred to as a “
Party
”, and jointly referred to as the “
Parties
”.
If you are an appointed representative of the Client you will, by agreeing to these Terms or by using the Services (in particular, the Platform), also legally bind the Client you represent to the Terms. In all other cases, by making use of the Services (in particular, the App), you agree to these Terms in your capacity as an End User and you agree to follow the terms and conditions stated and referred to herein.
You must agree to these Terms before you can use the Services. You can agree to the Terms either by using the Services or by clicking a box that indicates that you agree to the Terms, where such a box is made available to you. If you do not agree with the Terms, you should not use the Services.
Chubb reserves the right to update or change these Terms from time to time and recommends that you review the Terms on a regular basis. Chubb will notify you by sending an e-mail to your registered e-mail address or inform you via the Services if changes or updates are made to these Terms. You can review the most current version of the Terms at any time through the App. Changes will not apply retroactively and will become effective no sooner than fourteen days after they are posted. However, changes made for legal reasons will be effective immediately. If there is a conflict between these Terms and any later version of the Terms, the later version of the Terms will prevail. If you do not agree to a later version of these Terms, you should discontinue your use of the Services otherwise they may be deemed to apply to you or you may be prohibited from using the Services.
The Services are benefits made available by Chubb to employees of businesses that hold current accident and health insurance policies insured or reinsured by one or more of the companies within the Chubb Group of Insurance and Reinsurance Companies.
Please note that, depending on your location, some of the terms in these Terms may not apply to you. Chubb will always provide the Services in accordance with the legal requirements applicable to you. If there is a conflict between any terms in these Terms and any legal requirements applicable to you in your jurisdiction, such legal requirements will prevail.
The App or any of the Services may contain links to other independent third-party websites (“
Third-party Sites
”). Third-party Sites are not under Chubb’s control and Chubb is not responsible for and does not endorse their content or their privacy policies (if any). You will need to make your own independent judgement regarding your interaction with any such Third-party Sites, including the purchase and use of any products or services accessible through them.
Provision of the Services
Chubb makes the Services available to you in partnership with Safeture AB, reg. no 556776-4674, c/o Ideon Science Park, Scheelevägen 27, SE-223 63 Lund, Sweden (“
Safeture
”), who provides Chubb with software and support to enable Chubb to provide the Services to you. Safeture may provide certain services direct to you in connection with your use of the Services; however, no contractual relationship will arise directly between you and Safeture pursuant to the Terms or the Services and nothing in these Terms shall be interpreted as an undertaking by Safeture in relation to you.
If you (an End User) use the Services as a service provided by your employer (a Client), Chubb provides the Services to your employer who in turn provides access to the Services to you. The Client shall be fully responsible under these Terms for the acts and omissions of End Users affiliated to the Client. However, the Services do not form part of any contract of insurance between Chubb (or, if applicable, an Associated Company) and a Client and therefore do not constitute insurance benefits under any such contract of insurance.
The Services (including their features and functionalities) may be updated, varied, suspended or withdrawn by Chubb at any time.
Intellectual Property Rights
Chubb, Safeture and/or their respective licensors own all Intellectual Property Rights (as defined in Section 3 below) and all other rights (whether or not capable of registration) relating to the Services, the Platform, the App and its content (save for content provided by third parties), trademarks, domain names and any other materials, documentation or services made available to you or otherwise offered by Chubb. The information is protected by law, including Swedish and foreign intellectual property law and market law. This means that trademarks, company names, product names, images and graphics, designs, layouts and information on products, services and other content published through the Services may not be copied or used without Chubb’s prior written consent.
Certain trademarks, including "CHUBB GROUP", are the registered service marks of Chubb. The Chubb logos, all page headers, custom graphics, and button icons are service marks, trademarks, logos, and/or trade dress of Chubb. All other trademarks, service marks, trade dress, product names, company names or logos, whether registered or not, on the App are the property of their respective owners. In addition to complying with all applicable laws, you agree that you will not use any such trademarks, service marks, trade dress, or other logos from the App without the prior written authorization of the owner.
“
Intellectual Property Rights
” means patents (including utility models), design patents, design rights (whether or not capable of registration), copyrights, copyright related rights (Sw. närstående rättigheter), moral rights, rights in databases, trademarks, trade secrets, know-how, trade names, rights under marketing law and passing off, topography rights and semiconductor chip rights, and all other intellectual property rights; in all cases whether or not registered or registerable, and applications for any of the foregoing respectively, and all rights to apply for the same, and all rights and forms of protection of a similar nature or having a similar effect to any of these anywhere in the world.
Subject to your proper fulfilment of these Terms, Chubb grants you a personal, non-assignable and non-exclusive license to use, and, if you are a Client, enable your employees and other representatives to use, the Services. This license is for the sole purpose of enabling you to use the Services as provided by Chubb, in the manner permitted by these Terms. You may not copy, modify, distribute, sell or lease any part of the Services or included software, nor may you reverse engineer or attempt to extract the source code of that software, unless laws prohibit those restrictions or you have been granted Chubb’s written permission. You shall not, directly or indirectly, use, register or try to register any trademark or any other words or phrases, or name of a company or organization, which are or may be considered as similar to Chubb’s or Safeture’s trademarks, or attempt to do anything of the aforesaid.
Use and Equipment
You warrant and undertake that you shall at all times conduct your business and use the Services in full conformity with all applicable laws and regulations as well as in compliance with good and sound business practice. This includes but is not limited to that you may under no circumstances, and the Client shall procure that no employees or other representatives of the Client shall, use the Services to publish, distribute, copy or otherwise transmit any data or information that
it does not have the right to distribute by law or agreement;
infringes, contributes to infringement or encourages others to infringe intellectual property rights or trade secrets of Chubb or Safeture;
contains any viruses, trojans, internet worms, malware, or that may otherwise damage or adversely affect the Services; or
otherwise causes damage or other inconvenience to Chubb, Safeture or third parties.
You are not allowed to, in an automated and/or commercial way, disseminate, copy or publish the information received through the Services.
Notwithstanding Section 2, publishing information received through the Services is allowed when using the publication tools, as the tools are intended to be used, available in the Services.
You must ensure that no unauthorized person or entity (i.e. any other person or entity than you) is able to use your login details. You may not disclose your usernames and passwords to any unauthorized person and must ensure that documents containing your username and password are kept in such a way that unauthorized persons cannot gain access to the information. You are responsible for all acts or omissions by an unauthorized person using your login details.
Notwithstanding Section 4, the Client may give access to the Services to such sub-suppliers that require access to the Services to fulfill their obligations towards the Client. The sub-supplier may only access the Services for the purposes stated by the Client.
Chubb has the right to, at any time, suspend or terminate the Services if you violate the Terms or otherwise use the Services in a way that may cause Chubb, Safeture or a third party any harm. Chubb shall have no liability in connection with any such suspension or termination.
You are solely responsible for the technical equipment and any additional services needed to use the Services, such as computers, mobile phones, mobile phone subscriptions, internet access and WiFi connection. You acknowledge and accept that the provision of the Services is dependent upon third party providers, e.g. internet providers or cloud services, and that Chubb has no responsibility for such third party services.
Indemnification
To the extent permitted by law, you agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Chubb (including its Associated Companies) and Safeture and their respective subsidiaries, agents, licensors, managers, consultants, officers, directors, employees, contractors, advisors, affiliates, and partners from and against all claims, losses, liability, expenses, damages, judgments, awards, and costs (including reasonable attorney’s fees), related to or arising from
your breach of these Terms;
your use or misuse of any material or information posted, provided, transmitted, or otherwise made available by you or by Chubb;
your access or use of the Services and related content;
your violation of any third-party right, including intellectual property and privacy rights;
your violation of a law, rule, or regulation; or
another party’s use of the Services using your account.
Chubb reserves the right to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter which is subject to indemnification under this section. In such case, you agree to cooperate with any reasonable requests assisting Chubb’s defense of such matter.
Warranties and Disclaimers
Chubb does not and cannot warrant that the Services will operate in a manner that is completely error free, nor that information provided is always accurate.
Use of the Services is at your sole risk, and you assume full responsibility for all risk associated therewith. All information provided through the Services is provided “as is” and “as available”, without any warranties or conditions. Chubb reserves the right, in its sole discretion and without any obligation, to correct any error or omission in any portion of the Services, with or without notice to you.
To the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, Chubb, Safeture and their respective affiliates hereby disclaim all representations and warranties, express or implied, statutory or otherwise. These include, but are not limited to, warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement. Chubb will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by any technologically harmful material that may infect your equipment, computer programs, data, or other proprietary material due to your use of the Services.
Without limiting the foregoing, Chubb, Safeture and their respective affiliates make no warranty as to the security, reliability, availability, accuracy, quality, timeliness, usefulness, adequacy, completeness, or suitability of the Services and information retrieved from it. Safeture and its affiliates assume no responsibility for completeness, errors, or omissions in the information, services, or documents which are referenced by or linked to on the Platform or in the App.
The foregoing does not affect any warranties which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.
Limitation of Liability
Unless and to the extent specifically stated otherwise, Chubb shall have no liability for any damage or loss of any kind (including any claims against you by third parties) under or in connection with these Terms, including the your use of the Services, regardless of how it was caused and whether such damage or loss was foreseeable or not at the time when the Terms was entered into (even if advised of the possibility of such damage or loss).
You agree that your use of the Services is at your own risk. If you are not satisfied with the Services, your sole and exclusive remedy is to terminate your use of the Services.
In no event shall Chubb or its affiliates be liable for any special, punitive, indirect, incidental, or consequential damages, including but not limited to personal injury, death, loss of goodwill, loss of use, emotional distress, loss of profits, interruption of services or production, loss of data, or other intangible losses, whether in any action in warranty, contract, or any other theory of liability (including, but not limited to negligence or fundamental breach), or otherwise arising out of or in any way connected with the use of, reliance on, or the inability to use, the Services. Chubb shall not be subject to liability for the truth, accuracy, reliability, timeliness, or completeness of the content or any other information conveyed to you or for errors, mistakes, or omissions therein or for any delays or interruptions of the data or information stream from whatever cause. Chubb accepts no liability towards you for any malfunction or non-compatibility of your equipment and connected services with the Services. Chubb disclaims any and all liability for the acts, omissions and conduct of any third parties outside Chubb’s reasonable control.
Furthermore, Chubb will not be responsible (to the extent permitted by law) for damage, loss, or injury resulting from
unauthorized access to, or hacking or tampering of, your account or the information therein;
unauthorized access to or use of Chubb’s or Safeture’s servers and any personal information stored therein; or
bugs, viruses, trojans, malware, or other destructive code.
In no event shall Chubb’s total liability to you for all damages exceed USD $10,000.
To the extent any of the above limitations of liability are restricted by mandatory applicable law, such limitations shall not apply to the extent of such restrictions.
Chubb’s liability towards the Client or End User is exclusively regulated herein and is not affected by any agreement between the Client and any Associated Company which provides access to the Services to the Client.
Chubb is not in any way liable for content of Third-party Sites that may be accessed through a link in the Services or a third party app such as, but not limited to, a local news website.
Termination
You may at any time terminate your use of the Services by contacting Chubb. Chubb will then delete all credentials and any other information that can be related to you, subject to the terms of the Privacy Policy.
If your employer’s accident and health insurance policy with Chubb (or, if applicable, an Associated Company) is terminated, cancelled, expires or is not renewed, these Terms will automatically terminate on that date, subject to any ongoing rights and obligations of the Parties.
No Waiver
No waiver of any term of these Terms shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or any other term.
Chubb’s failure to assert any right or provision under these Terms shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
Assignment and Sub-contracting
You may not assign any or transfer any rights under these Terms to any other person. Any attempted transfer or assignment shall be null and void. Chubb may assign or transfer its rights without restriction. You acknowledge that Chubb has assigned various of its rights and sub-contracted various of its obligations under these Terms to Safeture, such that Safeture will provide certain aspects and functionalities of the Services on Chubb’s behalf under these Terms and without creating any contractual relationship between you and Safeture.
Miscellaneous
If and to the extent that either Party’s performance of its obligations under these Terms is impeded or made unreasonably onerous by circumstances beyond its reasonable control, including, but not limited to, general labour disputes, war, fire, lightning, flood, acts of terrorism, amendments to regulations issued by governmental authorities, intervention by governmental authorities and defects or delays in deliveries by sub-contractors caused by any such circumstance as referred to in this Section, such Party shall be released from liability in damages and any other penalties for delay in performing or failure to perform such obligations. The Party wishing to claim relief by reason of any circumstance as referred to in this Section shall without undue delay notify the other Party in writing. If performance is prevented for more than one (1) month as a result of any of the circumstances as referred to in this Section, the Party not affected by force majeure shall be entitled to immediately terminate the Terms by notice in writing.
The provisions of these Terms are severable, and in the event any provision hereof is determined to be invalid or unenforceable, such invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the remaining provisions, but such provision shall be reformed, if reasonably possible, only to the extent necessary to make it enforceable.
Apple Requirements
This Section 12 is solely applicable to the App when provided for iPhone.
You acknowledge and agree that (i) these Terms are concluded between you and Chubb only, and not Apple, Inc. nor its subsidiaries (hereinafter –“
Apple
”); (ii) Chubb, and not Apple, is solely responsible for the Licensed Application and the content thereof; (iii) Apple has no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to the Licensed Application; (iv) in the event of any failure of the Licensed Application to conform to any applicable warranty, you may notify Apple, and Apple will refund the purchase price for the Licensed Application to you; (v) to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Apple will have no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the Licensed Application; (vi) Apple is not responsible for any claims, losses, liabilities, damages, costs, or expenses that you may have arising out of your use of the Licensed Application; (vii) Apple is not responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement, and discharge of any third party claim related to the Licensed Application or your possession and use of the Licensed Application, nor is Apple responsible if the Licensed Application or your possession and use of the Licensed Application infringes any third party's intellectual property rights; and (viii) you acknowledge and agree that Apple, and Apple’s subsidiaries, are third party beneficiaries of these Terms, and that, upon your acceptance of the terms and conditions of these Terms, Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce the Terms against you as a third party beneficiary thereof. You represent and warrant that (i) you are not located in a country that is subject to a U.S. Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S. Government as a “terrorist supporting” country; and (ii) you are not listed on any U.S. Government list of prohibited or restricted parties.
Governing Law and Disputes
These Terms and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them shall be governed by and construed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, USA and controlling U.S. federal law, without regard to any conflicts of law provisions, unless such law cannot be applied in a particular jurisdiction under applicable law. You agree to the personal jurisdiction and venue of the state and federal courts in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, USA.
The preceding provision regarding choice of governing law does not apply if you are based in the European Union.  If you are based in the European Union, these Terms and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of England, excluding its conflict of laws principles providing for the application of the laws of any other jurisdiction. Any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of or in connection with this contract, or the breach, termination or invalidity thereof, shall subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England. Specifically excluded from application to these Terms is the United Nations Convention on the International Sale of Goods.
Contact
Please contact us at
travelsmart@chubb.com
with any questions regarding these Terms.
____________________
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is split into four parts – Parts A, B, C and D.
Each Part’s relevance to you (an End User) is summarized below:
Part
Relevant to
A
All End Users
B
End Users resident in: the EU; the EEA; the United Kingdom; and the United States of America
C
End Users resident in California, U.S.
D
End Users resident in countries or locations other than those specified in Parts B and C
Part A
This Part A is relevant to you.
General
Chubb is committed to protecting your privacy and to complying with applicable data protection and privacy laws. Throughout this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise specified, the term “
Personal Data
” means information relating to an identified or identifiable individual (i.e. a natural person).
This Privacy Policy applies to the processing of Personal Data collected or submitted by you in connection with the use of the Services. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully to understand how we collect, use, transfer, and store your data as you make full use of the Services. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Services or provide us with your Personal Data.
We recognize our responsibility to protect the Personal Data and other information you have provide us with. We take appropriate technical and organizational information security measures to safeguard your Personal Data against loss and misuse, as well as unauthorized access.
In this Privacy Policy, we explain which types of Personal Data we may process about you and for what purpose we process them. We also detail our processing of Personal Data as well as what choices and rights you have in relation to such processing and your Personal Data. We kindly ask you to carefully review our Privacy Policy and acquaint yourself with its content.
Please note that this Privacy Policy relates to processing of Personal Data when you use the Service as a consumer. This means that we are responsible for the processing of your Personal Data when you as a consumer are using the Service. It also means that you should turn to us with questions or remarks, or if you wish to enforce any of your rights in relation to our processing of your Personal Data.
Chubb has contracted with Safeture to process Personal Data in connection with the fulfilment of the Services to End Users and to Clients on Chubb’s behalf. Accordingly, although Chubb will be the controller of your Personal Data, when we refer to the collection, processing, transfer and storage of your Personal Data in this Privacy Policy this may mean the collection, processing, transfer and storage by Chubb or Safeture, unless either is expressly indicated.
The Data We Collect
We may process the following Personal Data attributable to you as a user of the Services:
Name;
E-mail address;
Telephone number;
Gender;
Passport number;
Job title;
Manager;
Department/group;
Geolocation;
IMSI (international mobile subscriber identity);
Base station information;
IP address;
Home country;
Home address;
Work address; and
Mobile phone device information.
The Purposes for which We Process Your Personal Data
We process your Personal Data for the purpose of providing you with the Services, including tracking your geographical location (where End Users have provided their consent to this). The processing is conducted on the basis that it is necessary for the performance of our contract with you regarding the provision of the Service. Please note that End Users need to enable and provide explicit consent to the real time geolocation feature of the App in order to use this functionality.
We may also process your data as set out in the various parts of this Privacy Policy and other privacy policies referenced herein, including, without limitation, for the purpose of investigating and responding to regulatory inquiries, conducting internal investigations, conducting further analysis, statistical information and optimizing the user experience. Prior to processing for analysis, statistical and experience optimization purposes, your Personal Data will be anonymized, meaning that the data will no longer be attributable to you and thus not considered Personal Data. The anonymization is conducted on the basis of our legitimate interest to be able to improve the Services and carry out statistical analysis regarding the usage of the Services for future optimization.
Sharing Your Personal Data
We may transfer or disclose your Personal Data to our data processors, for example companies providing the Service, including Safeture (who are based in Sweden), or other hosting and cloud services companies. In such cases, a data processing agreement between us and our processors will ensure that your Personal Data is processed in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
We will also share Personal Data relating to End Users gathered through the App with the Client for the purpose of providing the Platform functionalities, including the real time geolocation data (if the End User has given consent to such processing). The Client will process such Personal Data on its own behalf and in accordance with its own privacy policy(ies).
We may be obligated by law to disclose your Personal Data to certain authorities, such as law enforcement agencies, or in connection with legal proceedings and regulatory inquiries.
We may also transfer your Personal Data and/or assign the processing and sub-processing of it to an acquiring or controlling third-party entity of Chubb and/or Safeture.
The Controller of Your Personal Data
Chubb is the controller of your Personal Data. The Chubb Associated Company acting as the controller may be specified in the insurance policy issued to the Client (your employer). Any Associated Company’s master or online privacy policy included in these Parts is provided to you by Chubb on behalf of that Associated Company. Chubb engages Safeture to provide various data processing services on its behalf in connection with the Services.
If you have any additional questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy or our information practices, please feel free to contact us at any time at
travelsmart@chubb.com
.
Storage of Personal Data
We store your Personal Data as long as necessary for us to fulfil the purposes of the processing. This means that we will process your Personal Data as long as you are an active user of the Services. Specific data retention periods are:
3 months: Alerts sent
6 months: Logs, access logs, etc.
12 months: SMS data
18 months: Geolocation data, all other Personal Data
When your Personal Data is no longer necessary for the purposes of the processing, it will be deleted or anonymized. We will, however, continue to store your Personal Data if and to the extent we are required to do so according to law, and we will store anonymized data (that is not Personal Data) indefinitely.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. The most current version of the Privacy Policy will govern our use of your information and will always be available through the App. By continuing to access or use the Services after those changes become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy.
Part B
This Part B is relevant to you, in addition to Part A, if you are a resident of the EU, the EEA, the United Kingdom or the United States of America.
Master Privacy Policy/Online Privacy Policy
Unless otherwise provided in Part A of this Privacy Policy, Chubb will use your Personal Data in accordance with our Master Privacy Policy/Online Privacy Policy, available to you at
www.chubb.com
when accessed from your country of residence.
Part C
This Part C is relevant to you, in addition to Parts A and B, if you are a resident of California, U.S.
General
This Part C provides specific information for residents of California and is intended to satisfy the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) requirement to notify you, at or before the point of collection, about the categories of personal information we collect about you and how we use that information, whether online or offline. This notice is supplemented by the
ADDITIONAL NOTICE TO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
section of our Online Privacy Policy, which contains more detailed information, including information about your rights.  You can access this section of our Online Privacy Policy by selecting the
California Resident Privacy Policy
located at
chubb.com
. Chubb provides separate CCPA privacy notices to residents of California who are employees, job applicants or contractors of Chubb.
Under the CCPA, and for the purposes of this Part C, “personal information” is any information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household, including, but not limited to, the categories identified in the table below to the extent they identify, relate to, describe, are reasonably capable of being associated with, or could be reasonably linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household. Not all personal information of California residents is covered by the CCPA. For example, it does not include information that is lawfully made available from government records, protected health information, consumer reports and background checks, or information we collect in connection with the issuance of products or services to you that are to be used primarily for your personal, family, or household purposes. Please refer to the
ADDITIONAL NOTICE TO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
section of our Online Privacy Policy for additional information about the scope of the CCPA.
Categories of Personal Information We Collect
The table below lists the categories of personal information that we collect about residents of California who are not employees, job applicants or contractors of Chubb. Some personal information included in the categories below may overlap with other categories:
Category
Examples
Collected
Name, Contact Information and other Identifiers
A real name, alias, job title, job department, address, country of residency, nationality, gender, unique personal identifier, online identifier, mobile phone device IDs, Internet Protocol address, email address, mobile phone number, policy number, passport number, postal address, international mobile subscriber identity, base station information, account name and other government identifiers.
YES
Customer Records
A paper and electronic customer or claimant record containing personal information, as well as information provided by a reinsurance or insurance broker/agent for underwriting purposes and information included in a list of claims.
YES
Characteristics of Protected Classifications under California Law
Age (40 years or older), race, ancestry, nationality, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, pregnancy, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex, and veteran or military status.
YES
Usage Data
Internet, e-mail or other electronic network activity information including regarding a California resident's interaction with our portals, internet websites, applications, or advertisements, including, but not limited to, browsing history, clickstream data, and search history.
YES
Biometric Information
Individual biological or behavioral characteristics including measurements of physical characteristics such as height, weight and blood pressure, sleep, health, or exercise data that contain identifying information.
NO
Non-Public Educational  Information
Education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational or institution or party acting on its behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes and student disciplinary records.
NO
Geolocation Data
Physical location or movements (where End Users have provided their consent).
YES
Audio, Video and Other Electronic Data
Audio information including call recordings and photographs.
NO
Professional or Employment-Related Information
Employment history, qualifications, licensing, and disciplinary record.
NO
Inferences drawn from other personal information
Inferences drawn from any of the information described in this section about a resident including inferences reflecting the resident’s preferences, characteristics, behavior and abilities.
NO
Purposes for Which Personal Information is Used
The categories of personal information described above in this Part C are collected and may be used for the following business or commercial purposes:
to provide you with the Services, including tracking your geographical location (where End Users have provided their consent);
to provide you with, renew or modify products and services;
to provide you with the information and documents you request and for other customer service purposes;
to carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between Chubb and the Client;
to process claims and other legal actions;
to respond to law enforcement requests, court orders or regulations, subpoenas, search warrants, or other legal processes and actions, as required by applicable law;
to provide you with information about other websites or online services that link to our Online Privacy Policy or required notices;
to deliver marketing communications or promotional materials that may be of interest to you and to assist us in determining relevant advertising;
to improve the services we provide and the usefulness of the online services;
to customize your experience when using our online services; to perform testing, product development and research, and to analyze use of our websites and online applications;
to prevent and detect fraud, infringements of our policies and contracts and other potential misuse of our products, services and assets;
to assist our affiliates in their everyday business purposes;
to provide training or organize events;
to investigate privacy, security or employment related incidents;
to refer you to our third party partners as part of a referral program;
to plan, engage in due diligence for, and implement commercial transactions.
Part D
This Part D is relevant to you, in addition to Part A, if you are a resident outside of the EU, the EEA, the United Kingdom or the United States of America.
Third Country Transfers
To be able to provide the Services to you, your Personal Data may be transferred across international borders and processed and stored outside of the country where you use the Services, including to countries that have different data protection laws. In such cases, we take steps to ensure that there is a legal basis for such a transfer and that adequate protection for your Personal Data is provided as required by applicable law, for example, by requiring the use of other appropriate technical and organizational information security measures. You hereby give your consent to the transfer, processing and storage of your Personal Data in accordance with the above. If you do not agree, please do not use the Service or provide us with your Personal Data.
Your Rights
You may have the right to request a copy of the Personal Data relating to you that we process. Where prescribed by local laws, you may have the right request to have inaccurate or incomplete data corrected or deleted. Please note that we may not be able to continue to provide the Services to you if you ask us to delete or cease the processing of your Personal Data.
If you would like to make a request in relation to the Personal Data that we hold about you, please contact
travelsmart@chubb.com
. Please note that Chubb may need to identify you and to ask for additional information in order to be able to fulfil your request. Please also note that applicable law may contain restrictions and other provisions that relate to your above rights.
____________________
Auto translate to other language