STARZON - PRIVACY POLICY
At Playco Entertainment FZ LLC, which shall include our affiliates and subsidiaries ("
Playco
", "
we
", "
our
" or "
us
") your privacy is very important to us and we are committed to protecting and respecting it. In most circumstances Playco Entertainment FZ LLC is the ‘controller’ of the data we collect about you, however, in some circumstances we may jointly control your data with our affiliates/subsidiaries, and, in such cases, we may be considered ‘joint controllers’. There may also be circumstances where another party processes your data on our behalf, but we will always only do so in accordance with applicable law(s) on data privacy where that data is processed.
If you have any questions specifically regarding your data privacy, please contact our Data Protection Officer. You can also contact your local supervisory authority for data privacy, for example in the UAE this is the Emirates Data Office (currently operated by the TDRA).
This policy should be read together with our Terms of Use available here:
https://starzplay.com/termsandconditions
and explains:
1. The ways in which we may obtain your data
2. The types of data we may collect about you.
3. The reasons why we may collect your data and how we use it.
4. Your rights and choices regarding your data and how to exercise them.
5. The measures we take in respect of your data, including data retention and storage.
6. Who we may share your data with.
7. Warning regarding third party links.
8. Cookies
9. Changes to this policy
Where we use capitalized terms in this policy that are not defined herein, we are referring to their use in the applicable data privacy legislation, for example, in the UAE, Federal Law 45 of 2021 Concerning the Protection of Personal Data (as amended) and including any implementing regulations passed supplemental to the law(s).
1.  THE WAYS IN WHICH WE MAY OBTAIN YOUR DATA.
1.1.  One of the ways we may obtain your data is by directly from you when filling in forms on the Service, by using the Service, or by corresponding with us via our related social media pages (including but not limited to Facebook, Instagram, and/or twitter), or by phone, e-mail or otherwise. This includes information you provide when you register to use and/or subscribe to the Service, use the Service, participate in discussion boards or other social media functions on or related to the Service, enter a Competition, promotion or survey, and when you report a problem with the Service.
1.2.  Some data we may collect automatically through your use of the Service, for example the content you select or search, your interactions on the Service, and some technological information from the devices you use.
1.3.  Where our Service is accessed through a third party, for example the partners we may collaborate with to enable more options for you to access our Service, we may obtain your data through your interaction with these partners.
1.4.  At times, we may also obtain your data via other third parties that provide their services to us, which may include payment service providers, security service providers or other technology service providers, telecommunication operators and/or other business partners, advertising networks, analytics providers, and search information providers. We may also obtain your data through publicly available sources, such as your public posts on websites or social media platforms.
2.  THE TYPES OF DATA WE MAY COLLECT ABOUT YOU.
2.1.  Details about you – this may include your name, address, e-mail address, username, date of birth, phone number, financial and credit card information, personal description, viewing preferences, ratings, account settings, and/or other account information. Some of this information will fall into the categories of Personal Data and potentially Sensitive Personal Data (for example your nationality or marital status). We shall treat such data in accordance with the rules, restrictions and protections required by the applicable Law.
2.2.  Technical information or statistical data – this may include:
2.2.1.  Device IDs or other unique identifiers and the internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer/device to the internet which identifies your computer/device, your login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, device and software characteristics, operating system and platform. IP addresses are automatically collected by our web server as part of our demographic and profile data known as traffic data so that data, such as webpages, can be sent to you;
2.2.2.  information about your visit - including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through and from the Service (including date and time); page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, activity on the Service, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), methods used to browse away from the page, interactions with any online messaging channels, any phone number used to call our customer service number, any interactions with our customer service, and any information collected through the use of cookies as further detailed below.
3. THE REASONS WHY WE MAY COLLECT AND USE YOUR DATA.
3.1.  We process any and all data in a fair, transparent, and lawful manner, which may be on one or more of the following bases (usually referred to as ‘lawful purposes’ under in data privacy legislation):
3.1.1.  to carry out our obligations relating to the Service, or arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, or in order to conclude contracts between us and you, and to provide you with the information or actions that you may request from us. This may include actions to administer the Service and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, to improve the Service to ensure that Content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer or other device, to allow you to participate in interactive features of the Service, to communicate with you in relation to the Service or to otherwise notify you about changes to the Service;
3.1.2.  because you have given us your consent (for example when you register and tick the applicable box);
3.1.3.  to comply with our obligations under applicable laws, for example detecting, reporting, or preventing prohibited activities or other illegal activities;
3.1.4.  because you have made the data publicly available, and we find legitimate use in processing this data in order to better deliver our Service to you or make suggestions to you; or
3.1.5.  because the processing of your data is necessary to protect your interests, for example, to keep the Service safe and secure for your use.
4.  YOUR RIGHTS AND CHOICES REGARDING YOUR DATA AND HOW TO EXERCISE THEM.
4.1.  We want to let you know some of the rights you have regarding your personal data which we process, which include:
4.1.1.  The right to request and receive information, including (non-exhaustively) the types of Personal Data that are being processed, the purposes of Processing and the controls and standards for the period of storage and preservation of your Personal Data;
4.1.2.  The right to request the transfer of your Personal Data to another controller;
4.1.3.  The right to request the correction or erasure of your Personal Data (in certain circumstances);
4.1.4.  The right to restrict and stop Processing (in certain circumstances);
4.1.5.  The right to object to decisions resulting from automated processing, including profiling;
4.1.6.   The right to withdraw consent (however, consent can only be withdrawn for future Processing activities; withdrawal of consent does not have any influence on the lawfulness of past Processing activities; and withdrawal may not prevent data being lawfully Processed for a different legal purpose)
If you want to contact us regarding any of your data privacy rights, please contact our Data Protection Officer.
5.  THE MEASURES WE TAKE IN RESPECT OF YOUR DATA, INCLUDEING DATA RETENTION AND STORAGE.
5.1.  The Service is secured and encrypted for your privacy and we will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely, in accordance with this privacy policy, and with applicable data protection laws.
5.2.  Some data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside of the UAE or MENA Region. It may also be processed by staff operating outside the UAE or MENA Region, who work either for us or for one of our suppliers. Where such recipient jurisdictions do not have what is considered to be adequate data protection protections, we will either obtain your prior consent before the transfer, or ensure the recipients of your personal data are contractually obligated to treat it with the same security and care as we do.
5.3.  We do not store your credit and/or debit card details nor do we permit it to be sold, shared, rented, or leased to any third party.
5.4.  We only keep your data for as long as reasonably necessary for the purpose for which we obtain it from you. If we keep any of your personal data for longer than this, we ensure it goes through the appropriate anonymization procedures.
5.5.  Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the Internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, including implementing appropriate technical and organizational measures, strict procedures, and security features; we cannot totally guarantee the security of your data transmitted to the Service from ‘bad actors’ (not the movie kind) or other unauthorized access. If you have concerns about unauthorized access to your data, you should stop using the Service.
6.  WHO WE MAY SHARE YOUR DATA WITH.
6.1.  We may share your personal information with any member of our corporate group, as appropriate to deliver the Service, provide customer support etc.
6.2.  We may also share your information with selected third parties including:
6.2.1.  business partners, suppliers, and sub-contractors for the performance of any services on our behalf or in conjunction with our delivery of the Service or other services to you (as mentioned in 1.3 and 1.4 above);
6.2.2.  advertisers and advertising networks that require the data to select and serve relevant adverts to you and others or to allow you to participate in any joint promotional programs or offerings; and/or
6.2.3.  analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of the Service.
6.3.  Although unlikely, we may also disclose your information to third parties:
6.3.1.  in the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets;
6.3.2.  if Playco or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets; and/or
6.4.  There are also some circumstances where we may be under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with a legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of use and/or other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Playco, our customers, or others.
7. WARNING REGARDING THIRD PARTY LINKS.
7.1.  Other than already mentioned, the Service may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of third parties, our partner networks, advertisers and/or affiliates. Links to or from external websites not owned or controlled by us do not constitute an endorsement by us of the products or information presented therein.
If you follow a link to any of these external websites, please note that they will have their own privacy policies for which we do not accept any responsibility or liability. Please check those policies before you submit any personal data to those external websites.
8. COOKIES
We use cookies to distinguish you from other users of the Service. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse the Service and also allows us to make improvements. A cookie is a very small text document, which often contains an anonymous unique identifier.
Cookies are stored on your hard drive, not on the Service, and as such you are able to set your browser to decline cookies and/or delete them, according to your preferences. If you do so, you will still be able to access the Service, but you may find that some areas or pages do not function as smoothly as they might with cookies enabled. We will use the following cookies:
Strictly necessary cookies
. These are cookies that are required for the operation of the Service. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas;
Analytical/performance cookies
. These allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors to the Service, and to see how they move around the Service when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way the Service works;
Functionality cookies
. These are used to recognise you when you return to the Service; and
Targeting cookies
. These cookies record your visit to the Service, the pages you have visited, the content pages and content you have viewed, and the links you have followed. We will use this information to make the Service and, if applicable, any advertising displayed on it, more relevant to your interests. We may also share this information with third parties for this purpose.
Advertising Cookies
. These cookies use information about your use of our website, as well as other websites and apps, and any responses you might make to advertisements and emails, to deliver advertisements that are more relevant to you, as well as for analytical and optimization purposes.
9. CHANGES TO PRIVACY POLICY
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our privacy policy.
CONTACT US
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to our Data Protection Officer, Mr. Faraz Arshad, email:
faraz.arshad@starzplay.com
.
REVISED AUGUST 2023 AND EFFECTIVE AS OF THE DATE POSTED