Privacy Policy
We, Cospender, regard the protection and the confidentiality of your data as very important. We collect and use your personal data in accordance with the relevant provisions of French data protection legislation. In this Privacy Policy, we would like to tell you which personal data we collect and what we use it for.
Below, Cospender tells you about the type and extent of and the purposes for which personal data are collected and used. You can call up this information on our website anytime.
Data Entered by Users
You can use the Cospender product both with and without registering. However, you can only access Cospender using certain terminals such as an iPhone, iPod, iPad, Windows, Mac or Android and without additional functions. In order to make use of all its advantages, you have to register. To do this, you must enter your email address and select a password. We require these data in order to guarantee that you are able to make full use of our entire offer. We need these and possibly other data not least in order to respond to your wishes, questions and criticism.
In future, we plan to introduce an option which will allow you to design your account personally. For example, you will be able to add a photo, choose a username and set up a connection to your Facebook user account. You will not be obliged to design your account personally; this will be entirely voluntary.
The central function of Cospender product is Expenses management. You will be able to use this product both online and offline.
All data and expenses entered will be integrated into a database. The purpose of this database is to allow you to use Cospender at various different levels and call up your expense anywhere and at any time. Data are transmitted to the respective terminal using SSL encryption so that your data are transmitted securely.
Transfer of Data
We will not transfer your data to third parties as a matter of course without letting you know in advance or asking for your prior permission. We may only transfer your data to third parties without informing you separately beforehand in the following exceptional cases as explained below:
* If required for investigating the illegal use of Cospender or for legal proceedings, personal data will be transferred to the criminal investigation authorities and, if appropriate, to injured third parties. We will only do this if there are concrete indications of illegal and/or abusive behaviour. We can only transfer on your personal data if this is used to enforce General Terms and Conditions of Business or other agreements. We are also legally obliged to give certain public authorities information. These are criminal investigation authorities, public authorities which prosecute administrative offences entailing fines and the French finance authorities.
* Occasionally we depend on contractually affiliated external companies and external service providers to supply services such as the supply of advertising measures (only if you have given your explicit prior consent), processing payments (PayPal, credit card etc.), storing your data and customer service. In such cases, information is transferred to these companies or individuals in order to enable them to process this information further. We carefully select these external service providers and review them regularly to ensure that your privacy is preserved. The service providers may only use the data for the purposes stipulated by us. We also contractually require the service providers to treat your data solely in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the French data protection laws.
* In order to further develop our business, we may alter the corporate structure of Cospender GmbH by changing its legal form. We may also form, sell or buy subsidiaries, divisions or parts of the company. In such transactions, customer information together with the part of the company to be transferred will be passed on. Every time personal data are transferred to third parties to the extent prescribed, Cospender will ensure that this is done in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the relevant data protection laws.
Cookies
Cospender stores so-called "cookies" in order to be able to offer you a comprehensive range of functions and to make it easier to use our websites. "Cookies" are small files which are stored on your computer with the help of the internet browser. If you do not want to use "cookies", you can prevent "cookies" from being stored on your computer using the corresponding settings on your internet browser. Please note that this may restrict the functional capability and the range of functions of our offer.
Analysis of Cospender
Statistical Data
When Cospender is used, we collect statistical data which can be traced to you. We use it to improve Cospender.
Google Analytics
Cospender uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service of Google Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses so-called "cookies", text files which are stored on your computer and which enable you to analyse your use of Cospender. The information generated by the cookie on your use of Cospender (including your abbreviated IP address) is transmitted to a Google server in the USA and are stored there. Google will use this information to assess your use of Cospender, to compile reports on the activities for us and to provide more services connected with use of Cospender and the internet. It is also possible that Google may transmit this information to third parties if this is prescribed by law or if third parties process this information on behalf of Google.
You can deactivate Google Analytics by means of a browser add-on if you do not want Cospender analysis. You can download this here:http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de
Deleting Your Data
If your data are no longer required for the aforementioned purposes, we will delete them. Completed expenses  will remain stored and will be marked "Completed" in the database. If you delete your account, we will also delete all data completely from your account. Data you have entered in lists belonging to third parties will remain in existence as these are part of third party accounts. If data has to be retained for statutory reasons, these will be blocked and will then no longer be available for any further use.
Right to Information and Correction
You naturally have the right to receive information about the data held and stored by Cospender about you. Equally, you have the right to have incorrect data corrected or blocked. To have this done, please contact: contact@cospender.com or by post to the address given above.
Amendments to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to amend this Privacy Policy. You can call up the current version of the Privacy Policy at any time at: http://www.cospender.com/?page=privacy.