This site requires javascript to work properly. Please enable javascript and
reload
the page.
Products
Universal Analytics
All Your Apps in One Dashboard
ASO Tools
Master App Store Optimization
App Intelligence
Strengthen Your Competitive Edge
Market Research
Discover Trends with Exclusive Data
Review Monitoring
Read & Reply to Reviews
Pricing
Resources
All
App Teardowns
Keyword Teardowns
ASO Guides
This Week in Apps
Insights
YouTube
Podcast
Resources
Top Apps
Top Apps
Top SDKs
Top Apps
Log in
Sign up
Personal data we collect
When you use our platform we may collect personal information about you. The information that we may collect broadly falls into the following categories:
Information you provide to us:
In the course of engaging with our services, you may provide personal information about yourself when you sign up for and use the service, consult with our support team, integrate the services with another website or service, or communicate with us in any other way. Such information includes your email address, personal and company name, and billing information if you are on a paid plan.
Information we collect automatically:
When you use the platform through the website, API, or our mobile apps, we may automatically collect certain information about your device and usage patterns. We may use cookies and other tracking technologies to collect some of this information. We use this information to improve our service and provide you with an overall better experience. You can opt-out of these non-essential tracking cookies.
You are opted-in to our tracking cookies. Uncheck this box to opt-out.
Your linked accounts are secure
Some reports require that you link your developer accounts. To connect to your linked accounts automatically, we may need to store sensitive information such as your username, password, or API key ("Credentials"). We store credentials securely and only use them to import new data into your account. Your credentials are always stored encrypted and are never displayed in your account.
You have full control of your data
We give you complete control over your reports data, personal settings, and private information. You can delete reports and credentials at any time – those reports will be deleted in their entirety permanently from our platform.
We don't keep more than we have to
We store only information pertinent to displaying reports that are relevant to your account. We do not save or access any other data, for any other purpose. Where possible, the original raw data we store can be viewed through the archive, downloaded, and deleted at any time.
When you close your account your private information, including your signin information and linked account credentials, are removed immediately. Removed credentials cannot be recovered.
We'll never share your private data directly
We don't, and will never, share or sell any private data that's been imported into your account directly with any third party.
You can opt out of anonymous data sharing
We offer the ability to contribute data anonymously so we can create new features and give you market insights and trends. Contributing is completely optional and enables access to tools such as the Mobile Performance Index. You can turn off anonymous data sharing at any time.
Learn more
Encryption for all sensitive data
We utilize advanced encryption approved and used by the U.S government to encrypt all sensitive and private information, including your account password and the passwords for any external accounts you link to the platform.
Contact
If you have any questions about this agreement, please contact us
here
.
You may also contact us by mail:
Appfigures, Inc.
133 Chrystie St. 3rd Fl.
New York, NY 10002.
Updated 8/2/2024