STREAKS
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy governs your use of the software application Streaks, created by Crunchy Bagel Pty Ltd. The app is a habit-forming to-do list, including integration with the iOS Health app to help promote a fit and active lifestyle.
What information does Streaks obtain and how is it used?
Streaks accesses data from the Health app in a read-only manner once you explicitly allow it (using the system-level iOS permissions mechanism). Streaks only reads Health data based on the tasks you have created in order to check if the task is complete.
Streaks does not transmit data read from the Health app across the Internet to any server, including our own servers.
Depending on the specific tasks you choose to create, Streaks may request read or write access to sources of data within the Health app, such as:
Activity
Mindfulness
Nutrition
Sleep
Body Measurements
Vitals
Heart
How Does Task Sharing Work?
The task sharing functionality in Streaks allows users to share individual tasks with other users so they
                can view progress. All shared task data resides only in private and shared iCloud storage.
Access to this data is granted and revoked by the task creator. Data is stored only on user devices and
                in iCloud. No data is stored on Streaks servers, or on any other third-party servers.
Automatically Collected Information
Streaks may record anonymous non-identifiable data automatically in order to diagnose and resolve app performance or crashing issues.
Does Streaks collect precise real-time location information of the device?
No, Streaks does not collect information about the location of your mobile device.
Do Third Parties See or Have Access to Information Obtained By The Application
No. Streaks does not transmit any data read from the Health app across the Internet to either our own or any third-party server. Task history may be synchronized automatically to Apple's iCloud servers. This data is only accessible from within the Streaks app and is fully controllable by the user.
Only aggregated, anonymous data is periodically transmitted securely to an external crash reporting service to help us improve Streaks. This data is not disclosed to any other third parties, except in the following cases:
as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process;
when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;
if Streaks is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via a prominent notice on this Web site of any change in ownership or uses of this information, as well as any choices you may have regarding this information.
Additionally, this data does not contain any information specific to a user, their tasks, or their task history.
What are my opt-out rights?
You may opt-out of anonymous analytics collection by Streaks by uninstalling the app using the standard iOS app uninstall process.
You may opt-out of Streaks reading or writing to the Health app by revoking permissions in the iOS Health app, or by removing the relevant task(s) from the Streaks app.
You may opt-out of data being stored in iCloud by using disabling the task sync function within the Streaks settings area, or by revoking iCloud permission from the iOS Settings app.
What Information Is Retained?
None. Everything is stored securely on your device and is removed if you uninstall the app.
Changes
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy at this URL (https://streaks.app/privacy.html). You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes.
Your Consent
By using Streaks, you consent to the processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy.
About
Last updated Thursday, 8 February 2024.
Inquiries:
support@streaks.app