Legal Stuff
While our mission is to make your robot programming experience easy, we have a legal team that has defined a few guidelines and terms.
    You will those find that information below for ARC, robot skills, other services and Synthiam.com.
    Any or all of the terms below many be superseded to specific partners or individuals with written consent by an official Synthiam signing officer.
    For additional clarification or questions regarding your business, education or individual use of Synthiam products or services,
contact us
.
Disclaimer:
For the purposes of this document, any mention of "ARC" includes "ARCx," which refers to the latest software developed by Synthiam Inc. All terms, conditions, and provisions discussed herein apply equally to both ARC and ARCx unless otherwise specified.
End-User License Agreement
ARC Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Synthiam.com terms of service
End-User License Agreement ("Agreement")
Please read this End-User License Agreement carefully before clicking the "I Agree" button, downloading or using ARC.
Interpretation and Definitions
Interpretation
The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.
Definitions
For the purposes of this End-User License Agreement:
Agreement
means this End-User License Agreement that forms the entire agreement between You and the Company regarding the use of the Application.
Application
means the software program provided by the Company downloaded by You to a Device, named ARC
Company
(referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to Synthiam Inc., #10 6120 11 ST SE, Calgary.
Content
refers to content such as text, images, or other information that can be posted, uploaded, linked to or otherwise made available by You, regardless of the form of that content.
Country
refers to: Alberta,  Canada
Device
means any device that can access the Application such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.
Third-Party Services
means any services or content (including data, information, applications and other products services) provided by a third-party that may be displayed, included or made available by the Application.
You
means the individual accessing or using the Application or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Application, as applicable.
Acknowledgment
By clicking the "I Agree" button, downloading or using the Application, You are agreeing to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement. If You do not agree to the terms of this Agreement, do not click on the "I Agree" button, do not download or do not use the Application.
This Agreement is a legal document between You and the Company and it governs your use of the Application made available to You by the Company.
The Application is licensed, not sold, to You by the Company for use strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
License
Scope of License
The Company grants You a revocable, non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited license to download, install and use the Application strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement unless given written permission from authorized signing officer of Synthiam.
The license that is granted to You by the Company is solely for your personal, non-commercial purposes strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
License Restrictions
You agree not to, and You will not permit others to:
License, sell, rent, lease, assign, distribute, transmit, host, outsource, disclose or otherwise commercially exploit the Application or make the Application available to any third party.
Modify, make derivative works of, disassemble, decrypt, reverse compile or reverse engineer any part of the Application.
Remove, alter or obscure any proprietary notice (including any notice of copyright or trademark) of the Company or its affiliates, partners, suppliers or the licensors of the Application.
Content
Content Restrictions
The Company is not responsible for the entries, information or content of the Application's users.
    You expressly understand and agree that You are solely responsible for the Content and for all activity that occurs under your account, whether done so by You or any third person using your account.
You may not transmit any Content that is unlawful, offensive, upsetting, intended to disgust, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene or otherwise objectionable. Examples of such objectionable Content include, but are not limited to, the following:
Unlawful or promoting unlawful activity.
Defamatory, discriminatory, or mean-spirited content, including references or commentary about religion, race, sexual orientation, gender, national/ethnic origin, or other targeted groups.
Spam, machine – or - or randomly - – generated, constituting unauthorized or unsolicited advertising, chain letters, any other form of unauthorized solicitation, or any form of lottery or gambling.
Containing or installing any viruses, worms, malware, trojan horses, or other content that is designed or intended to disrupt, damage, or limit the functioning of any software, hardware or telecommunications equipment or to damage or obtain unauthorized access to any data or other information of a third person.
Infringing on any proprietary rights of any party, including patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, right of publicity or other rights.
Impersonating any person or entity including the Company and its employees or representatives.
Violating the privacy of any third person.
False information and features.
The Company reserves the right, but not the obligation, to, in its sole discretion, determine whether or not any Content is appropriate and complies with this Agreement, refuse or remove any Content. The Company further reserves the right to make formatting and edits and change the manner any Content. The Company can also limit or revoke the use of the Application if You post such objectionable Content.
As the Company cannot control all content posted by users and/or third parties on the Application, you agree to use the Application at your own risk. You understand that by using the Application You may be exposed to content that You may find offensive, indecent, incorrect or objectionable, and You agree that under no circumstances will the Company be liable in any way for any content, including any errors or omissions in any content, or any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of your use of any content.
Intellectual Property
The Application, including without limitation all copyrights, patents, trademarks, trade secrets and other intellectual property rights are, and shall remain, the sole and exclusive property of the Company.
The Company shall not be obligated to indemnify or defend You with respect to any third party claim arising out of or relating to the Application. To the extend the Company is required to provide indemnification by applicable law, the Company shall be solely responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement and discharge of any claim that the Application or your use of it infringes any third party intellectual property rights.
Your Suggestions
Any feedback, comments, ideas, improvements or suggestions provided by You to the Company with respect to the Application shall remain the sole and exclusive property of the Company.
The Company shall be free to use, copy, modify, publish, or redistribute the Suggestions for any purpose and in any way without any credit or any compensation to You.
Modifications to the Application
The Company reserves the right to modify, suspend or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Application or any service to which it connects, with or without notice and without liability to You.
Updates to the Application
The Company may from time to time provide enhancements or improvements to the features/functionality of the Application, which may include patches, bug fixes, updates, upgrades and other modifications.
Updates may modify or delete certain features and/or functionalities of the Application. You agree that the Company has no obligation to (i) provide any Updates, or (ii) continue to provide or enable any particular features and/or functionalities of the Application to You.
You further agree that all updates or any other modifications will be (i) deemed to constitute an integral part of the Application, and (ii) subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
Maintenance and Support
The Company does not provide any maintenance or support for the download and use of the Application. To the extent that any maintenance or support is required by applicable law, the Company shall be obligated to furnish any such maintenance or support.
Third-Party Services
The Application may display, include or make available third-party content (including data, information, applications and other products services) or provide links to third-party websites or services.
You acknowledge and agree that the Company shall not be responsible for any Third-party Services, including their accuracy, completeness, timeliness, validity, copyright compliance, legality, decency, quality or any other aspect thereof. The Company does not assume and shall not have any liability or responsibility to You or any other person or entity for any Third-party Services.
You must comply with applicable Third parties' Terms of agreement when using the Application. Third-party Services and links thereto are provided solely as a convenience to You and You access and use them entirely at your own risk and subject to such third parties' Terms and conditions.
Privacy Policy
The Company collects, stores, maintains, and shares information about You in accordance with Our Privacy Policy:
https://synthiam.com/Legal/Terms
By accepting this Agreement, You acknowledge that You hereby agree and consent to the terms and conditions of Our Privacy Policy.
Term and Termination
This Agreement shall remain in effect until terminated by You or the Company.
    The Company may, in its sole discretion, at any time and for any or no reason, suspend or terminate this Agreement with or without prior notice.
This Agreement will terminate immediately, without prior notice from the Company, in the event that you fail to comply with any provision of this Agreement. You may also terminate this Agreement by deleting the Application and all copies thereof from your Device or from your computer.
Upon termination of this Agreement, You shall cease all use of the Application and delete all copies of the Application from your Device.
Termination of this Agreement will not limit any of the Company's rights or remedies at law or in equity in case of breach by You (during the term of this Agreement) of any of your obligations under the present Agreement.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify and hold the Company and its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, employees, agents, partners and licensors (if any) harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys' fees, due to or arising out of your: (a) use of the Application; (b) violation of this Agreement or any law or regulation; or (c) violation of any right of a third party.
No Warranties
The Application is provided to You "AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" and with all faults and defects without warranty of any kind. To the maximum extent permitted under applicable law, the Company, on its own behalf and on behalf of its affiliates and its and their respective licensors and service providers, expressly disclaims all warranties, whether express, implied, statutory or otherwise, with respect to the Application, including all implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement, and warranties that may arise out of course of dealing, course of performance, usage or trade practice. Without limitation to the foregoing, the Company provides no warranty or undertaking, and makes no representation of any kind that the Application will meet your requirements, achieve any intended results, be compatible or work with any other software, applications, systems or services, operate without interruption, meet any performance or reliability standards or be error free or that any errors or defects can or will be corrected.
Without limiting the foregoing, neither the Company nor any of the company's provider makes any representation or warranty of any kind, express or implied: (i) as to the operation or availability of the Application, or the information, content, and materials or products included thereon; (ii) that the Application will be uninterrupted or error-free; (iii) as to the accuracy, reliability, or currency of any information or content provided through the Application; or (iv) that the Application, its servers, the content, or e-mails sent from or on behalf of the Company are free of viruses, scripts, trojan horses, worms, malware, timebombs or other harmful components.
Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain types of warranties or limitations on applicable statutory rights of a consumer, so some or all of the above exclusions and limitations may not apply to You. But in such a case the exclusions and limitations set forth in this section 11 shall be applied to the greatest extent enforceable under applicable law. To the extent any warranty exists under law that cannot be disclaimed, the Company shall be solely responsible for such warranty.
Limitation of Liability
Notwithstanding any damages that You might incur, the entire liability of the Company and any of its suppliers under any provision of this Agreement and your exclusive remedy for all of the foregoing shall be limited to the amount actually paid by You for the Application or through the Application.
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, in no event shall the Company or its suppliers be liable for any special, incidental, indirect, or consequential damages whatsoever (including, but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, loss of data or other information, for business interruption, for personal injury, loss of privacy arising out of or in any way related to the use of or inability to use the Application, third-party software and/or third-party hardware used with the Application, or otherwise in connection with any provision of this Agreement), even if the Company or any supplier has been advised of the possibility of such damages and even if the remedy fails of its essential purpose.
Some states/jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to You.
Severability and Waiver
Severability
If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable or invalid, such provision will be changed and interpreted to accomplish the objectives of such provision to the greatest extent possible under applicable law and the remaining provisions will continue in full force and effect.
Waiver
Except as provided herein, the failure to exercise a right or to require performance of an obligation under this Agreement shall not effect a party's ability to exercise such right or require such performance at any time thereafter nor shall be the waiver of a breach constitute a waiver of any subsequent breach.
Product Claims
The Company does not make any warranties concerning the Application.
United States Legal Compliance
You represent and warrant that (i) You are not located in a country that is subject to the United States government embargo, or that has been designated by the United States government as a "terrorist supporting" country, and (ii) You are not listed on any United States government list of prohibited or restricted parties.
Changes to this Agreement
The Company reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify or replace this Agreement at any time. If a revision is material we will provide at least 30 days' notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at the sole discretion of the Company.
By continuing to access or use the Application after any revisions become effective, You agree to be bound by the revised terms. If You do not agree to the new terms, You are no longer authorized to use the Application.
Governing Law
The laws of the Country, excluding its conflicts of law rules, shall govern this Agreement and your use of the Application. Your use of the Application may also be subject to other local, state, national, or international laws.
Entire Agreement
The Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between You and the Company regarding your use of the Application and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous written or oral agreements between You and the Company.
You may be subject to additional terms and conditions that apply when You use or purchase other Company's services, which the Company will provide to You at the time of such use or purchase.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Agreement, You can contact Us:
By visiting this page on our website:
https://synthiam.com/About/Contact
ARC Terms and Conditions
Please read these terms and conditions carefully before using Our ARC Software Service.
Interpretation and Definitions
Interpretation
The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.
Definitions
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions:
Application
means the software program provided by the Company downloaded by You on any electronic device, named ARC
Application Store
means the digital distribution service operated and developed by Synthiam Inc, Apple Inc. (Apple App Store) or Google Inc. (Google Play Store) in which the Application or Robot Skill has been downloaded.
Affiliate
means an entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with a party, where "control" means ownership of 50% or more of the shares, equity interest or other securities entitled to vote for election of directors or other managing authority.
Account
means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service.
Country
refers to: Alberta,  Canada
Company
(referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to Synthiam Inc., #10 6120 11 ST SE, CALGARY.
Content
refers to content such as text, images, or other information that can be posted, uploaded, linked to or otherwise made available by You, regardless of the form of that content.
Device
means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.
Feedback
means feedback, innovations or suggestions sent by You regarding the attributes, performance or features of our Service.
Free Trial
refers to a limited period of time that may be free when purchasing a Subscription.
Goods
refer to the items offered for sale on the Service.
In-app Purchase
refers to the purchase of a product, item, service or Subscription made through the Application and subject to these Terms and Conditions and/or the Application Store's own terms and conditions.
Orders
mean a request by You to purchase Goods from Us.
Promotions
refer to contests, sweepstakes or other promotions offered through the Service.
Service
refers to the Application.
Subscriptions
refer to the services or access to the Service offered on a subscription basis by the Company to You.
Terms and Conditions
(also referred as "Terms") mean these Terms and Conditions that form the entire agreement between You and the Company regarding the use of the Service.
Third-party Social Media Service
means any services or content (including data, information, products or services) provided by a third-party that may be displayed, included or made available by the Service.
You
means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.
Acknowledgment
These are the Terms and Conditions governing the use of this Service and the agreement that operates between You and the Company. These Terms and Conditions set out the rights and obligations of all users regarding the use of the Service.
Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on Your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms and Conditions. These Terms and Conditions apply to all visitors, users and others who access or use the Service.
By accessing or using the Service You agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions. If You disagree with any part of these Terms and Conditions then You may not access the Service.
You represent that you are over the age of 18. The Company does not permit those under 18 to use the Service.
Your access to and use of the Service is also conditioned on Your acceptance of and compliance with the Privacy Policy of the Company. Our Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your personal information when You use the Application or the Website and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You. Please read Our Privacy Policy carefully before using Our Service.
Placing Orders for Goods
By placing an Order for Goods through the Service, You warrant that You are legally capable of entering into binding contracts.
Your Information
If You wish to place an Order for Goods available on the Service, You may be asked to supply certain information relevant to Your Order including, without limitation, Your name, Your email, Your phone number, Your credit card number, the expiration date of Your credit card, Your billing address, and Your shipping information.
You represent and warrant that: (i) You have the legal right to use any credit or debit card(s) or other payment method(s) in connection with any Order; and that (ii) the information You supply to us is true, correct and complete.
By submitting such information, You grant us the right to provide the information to payment processing third parties for purposes of facilitating the completion of Your Order.
Order Cancellation
We reserve the right to refuse or cancel Your Order at any time for certain reasons including but not limited to:
Goods availability
Errors in the description or prices for Goods
Errors in Your Order
We reserve the right to refuse or cancel Your Order if fraud or an unauthorized or illegal transaction is suspected.
Your Order Cancellation Rights
Any Goods you purchase can only be returned in accordance with these Terms and Conditions and Our Returns Policy.
Our Returns Policy forms a part of these Terms and Conditions. Please read our Returns Policy to learn more about your right to cancel Your Order.
Your right to cancel an Order only applies to Goods that are returned in the same condition as You received them. You should also include all of the products instructions, documents and wrappings. Goods that are damaged or not in the same condition as You received them or which are worn simply beyond opening the original packaging will not be refunded. You should therefore take reasonable care of the purchased Goods while they are in Your possession.
We will reimburse You no later than 14 days from the day on which We receive the returned Goods. We will use the same means of payment as You used for the Order, and You will not incur any fees for such reimbursement.
You will not have any right to cancel an Order for the supply of any of the following Goods:
The supply of Goods made to Your specifications or clearly personalized.
The supply of Goods which according to their nature are not suitable to be returned, deteriorate rapidly or where the date of expiry is over.
The supply of Goods which are not suitable for return due to health protection or hygiene reasons and were unsealed after delivery.
The supply of Goods which are, after delivery, according to their nature, inseparably mixed with other items.
The supply of digital content which is not supplied on a tangible medium if the performance has begun with Your prior express consent and You have acknowledged Your loss of cancellation right.
Availability, Errors and Inaccuracies
We are constantly updating Our offerings of Goods on the Service. The Goods available on Our Service may be mispriced, described inaccurately, or unavailable, and We may experience delays in updating information regarding our Goods on the Service and in Our advertising on other websites.
We cannot and do not guarantee the accuracy or completeness of any information, including prices, product images, specifications, availability, and services. We reserve the right to change or update information and to correct errors, inaccuracies, or omissions at any time without prior notice.
Prices Policy
The Company reserves the right to revise its prices at any time prior to accepting an Order.
The prices quoted may be revised by the Company subsequent to accepting an Order in the event of any occurrence affecting delivery caused by government action, variation in customs duties, increased shipping charges, higher foreign exchange costs and any other matter beyond the control of the Company. In that event, You will have the right to cancel Your Order.
Payments
All Goods purchased are subject to a one-time payment. Payment can be made through various payment methods we have available, such as Visa, MasterCard, Affinity Card, American Express cards or online payment methods (Stripe, for example).
Payment cards (credit cards or debit cards) are subject to validation checks and authorization by Your card issuer. If we do not receive the required authorization, We will not be liable for any delay or non-delivery of Your Order.
Subscriptions
Subscription period
The Service or some parts of the Service are available only with a paid Subscription. You will be billed in advance on a recurring and periodic basis (such as daily, weekly, monthly or annually), depending on the type of Subscription plan you select when purchasing the Subscription.
At the end of each period, Your Subscription will automatically renew under the exact same conditions unless You cancel it or the Company cancels it.
Subscription cancellations
Local subscription status is cached on the PC running the ARC software and referred to in the ARC software as Subscription Local Cache. The subscription local cache is designed to allow computers to utilize the ARC software without an internet connection to the subscription server for a limited time.
    The subscription cache can be manually or automatically updated within 14 days of the last update. To avoid service interruptions, the subscription local cache can be updated automatically when ARC is loaded with an internet connection, or manually by using the Refresh Subscription Cache menu option.
Subscription cancellations
You may cancel Your Subscription renewal either through Your Account settings page or by contacting the Company.
    You will not receive a refund for the fees You already paid for Your current Subscription period and You will be able to access the Service until the end of Your current Subscription period.
If the Subscription has been made through an In-app Purchase, You can cancel the renewal of Your Subscription with the Application Store.
Billing
You shall provide the Company with accurate and complete billing information including full name, address, state, zip code, telephone number, and a valid payment method information.
Should automatic billing fail to occur for any reason, the Company will issue an electronic invoice indicating that you must proceed manually, within a certain deadline date, with the full payment corresponding to the billing period as indicated on the invoice.
If the Subscription has been made through an In-app Purchase, all billing is handled by the Application Store and is governed by the Application Store's own terms and conditions.
Fee Changes
The Company, in its sole discretion and at any time, may modify the Subscription fees. Any Subscription fee change will become effective at the end of the then-current Subscription period.
The Company will provide You with reasonable prior notice of any change in Subscription fees to give You an opportunity to terminate Your Subscription before such change becomes effective.
Your continued use of the Service after the Subscription fee change comes into effect constitutes Your agreement to pay the modified Subscription fee amount.
Refunds
Except when required by law, paid Subscription fees are non-refundable.
Certain refund requests for Subscriptions may be considered by the Company on a case-by-case basis and granted at the sole discretion of the Company.
If the Subscription has been made through an In-app purchase, the Application Store's refund policy will apply. If You wish to request a refund, You may do so by contacting the Application Store directly.
Free Trial
The Company may, at its sole discretion, offer a Subscription with a Free Trial for a limited period of time.
You may be required to enter Your billing information in order to sign up for the Free Trial.
If You do enter Your billing information when signing up for a Free Trial, You will not be charged by the Company until the Free Trial has expired. On the last day of the Free Trial period, unless you cancelled your subscription, you will be automatically charged the applicable subscription fees for the type of Subscription You have selected.
At any time and without notice, the Company reserves the right to (i) modify the terms and conditions of the Free Trial offer, or (ii) cancel such Free Trial offer.
In-app Purchases
The Application may include In-app Purchases that allow you to buy products, services or Subscriptions.
More information about how you may be able to manage In-app Purchases using your Device may be set out in the Application Store's own terms and conditions or in your Device's Help settings.
In-app Purchases can only be consumed within the Application. If you make a In-app Purchase, that In-app Purchase cannot be cancelled after you have initiated its download. In-app Purchases cannot be redeemed for cash or other consideration or otherwise transferred.
If any In-app Purchase is not successfully downloaded or does not work once it has been successfully downloaded, we will, after becoming aware of the fault or being notified to the fault by You, investigate the reason for the fault. We will act reasonably in deciding whether to provide You with a replacement In-app Purchase or issue You with a patch to repair the fault. In no event will We charge You to replace or repair the In-app Purchase. In the unlikely event that we are unable to replace or repair the relevant In-app Purchase or are unable to do so within a reasonable period of time and without significant inconvenience to You, We will authorize the Application Store to refund You an amount up to the cost of the relevant In-app Purchase. Alternatively, if You wish to request a refund, You may do so by contacting the Application Store directly.
You acknowledge and agree that all billing and transaction processes are handled by the Application Store from where you downloaded the Application and are governed by that Application Store's own terms and conditions.
If you have any payment related issues with In-app Purchases, then you need to contact the Application Store directly.
Promotions
Any Promotions made available through the Service may be governed by rules that are separate from these Terms.
If You participate in any Promotions, please review the applicable rules as well as our Privacy policy. If the rules for a Promotion conflict with these Terms, the Promotion rules will apply.
User Accounts
When You create an account with Us, You must provide Us information that is accurate, complete, and current at all times. Failure to do so constitutes a breach of the Terms, which may result in immediate termination of Your account on Our Service.
You are responsible for safeguarding the password that You use to access the Service and for any activities or actions under Your password, whether Your password is with Our Service or a Third-Party Social Media Service.
You agree not to disclose Your password to any third party. You must notify Us immediately upon becoming aware of any breach of security or unauthorized use of Your account.
You may not use as a username the name of another person or entity or that is not lawfully available for use, a name or trademark that is subject to any rights of another person or entity other than You without appropriate authorization, or a name that is otherwise offensive, vulgar or obscene.
Content
Your Right to Post Content
Our Service allows You to post Content. You are responsible for the Content that You post to the Service, including its legality, reliability, and appropriateness.
By posting Content to the Service, You grant Us the right and license to use, modify, publicly perform, publicly display, reproduce, and distribute such Content on and through the Service. You retain any and all of Your rights to any Content You submit, post or display on or through the Service and You are responsible for protecting those rights. You agree that this license includes the right for Us to make Your Content available to other users of the Service, who may also use Your Content subject to these Terms.
You represent and warrant that: (i) the Content is Yours (You own it) or You have the right to use it and grant Us the rights and license as provided in these Terms, and (ii) the posting of Your Content on or through the Service does not violate the privacy rights, publicity rights, copyrights, contract rights or any other rights of any person.
Content Restrictions
The Company is not responsible for the content of the Service's users. You expressly understand and agree that You are solely responsible for the Content and for all activity that occurs under your account, whether done so by You or any third person using Your account.
You may not transmit any Content that is unlawful, offensive, upsetting, intended to disgust, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene or otherwise objectionable. Examples of such objectionable Content include, but are not limited to, the following:
Unlawful or promoting unlawful activity.
Defamatory, discriminatory, or mean-spirited content, including references or commentary about religion, race, sexual orientation, gender, national/ethnic origin, or other targeted groups.
Spam, machine – or randomly – generated, constituting unauthorized or unsolicited advertising, chain letters, any other form of unauthorized solicitation, or any form of lottery or gambling.
Containing or installing any viruses, worms, malware, trojan horses, or other content that is designed or intended to disrupt, damage, or limit the functioning of any software, hardware or telecommunications equipment or to damage or obtain unauthorized access to any data or other information of a third person.
Infringing on any proprietary rights of any party, including patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, right of publicity or other rights.
Impersonating any person or entity including the Company and its employees or representatives.
Violating the privacy of any third person.
False information and features.
The Company reserves the right, but not the obligation, to, in its sole discretion, determine whether or not any Content is appropriate and complies with this Terms, refuse or remove this Content. The Company further reserves the right to make formatting and edits and change the manner any Content. The Company can also limit or revoke the use of the Service if You post such objectionable Content.
    As the Company cannot control all content posted by users and/or third parties on the Service, you agree to use the Service at your own risk. You understand that by using the Service You may be exposed to content that You may find offensive, indecent, incorrect or objectionable, and You agree that under no circumstances will the Company be liable in any way for any content, including any errors or omissions in any content, or any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of your use of any content.
Content Backups
Although regular backups of Content are performed, the Company do not guarantee there will be no loss or corruption of data.
Corrupt or invalid backup points may be caused by, without limitation, Content that is corrupted prior to being backed up or that changes during the time a backup is performed.
The Company will provide support and attempt to troubleshoot any known or discovered issues that may affect the backups of Content. But You acknowledge that the Company has no liability related to the integrity of Content or the failure to successfully restore Content to a usable state.
You agree to maintain a complete and accurate copy of any Content in a location independent of the Service.
Copyright Policy
Intellectual Property Infringement
We respect the intellectual property rights of others. It is Our policy to respond to any claim that Content posted on the Service infringes a copyright or other intellectual property infringement of any person.
If You are a copyright owner, or authorized on behalf of one, and You believe that the copyrighted work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement that is taking place through the Service, You must submit Your notice in writing to the attention of our copyright agent via email at dmca@synthiam.com and include in Your notice a detailed description of the alleged infringement.
You may be held accountable for damages (including costs and attorneys' fees) for misrepresenting that any Content is infringing Your copyright.
DMCA Notice and DMCA Procedure for Copyright Infringement Claims
You may submit a notification pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) by providing our Copyright Agent with the following information in writing (see 17 U.S.C 512(c)(3) for further detail):
An electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright's interest.
A description of the copyrighted work that You claim has been infringed, including the URL (i.e., web page address) of the location where the copyrighted work exists or a copy of the copyrighted work.
Identification of the URL or other specific location on the Service where the material that You claim is infringing is located.
Your address, telephone number, and email address.
A statement by You that You have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
A statement by You, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in Your notice is accurate and that You are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.
You can contact our copyright agent via email at dmca@synthiam.com.
    Upon receipt of a notification, the Company will take whatever action, in its sole discretion, it deems appropriate, including removal of the challenged content from the Service.
Third-Party Robot Skills
Usage and Risk Acknowledgment
Third-Party Development
: ARC allows users to create and share their own robot skills ("Third-Party Robot Skills"). These skills are developed by individuals or entities other than Synthiam Inc. and are not reviewed or endorsed by Synthiam Inc.
No Responsibility
: Synthiam Inc. is not responsible for the functionality, security, or legality of any Third-Party Robot Skills. While Synthiam Inc. provides the platform on which these skills are used and shared, it does not monitor or control the content of these skills and disclaims any liability for their use.
User's Risk
: You acknowledge and agree that all use of Third-Party Robot Skills on the ARC platform is at your own risk. Synthiam Inc. does not guarantee the performance, safety, or ongoing support of any Third-Party Robot Skills. You are responsible for verifying the suitability and safety of these skills for your intended use cases.
Indemnification
: You agree to hold harmless and indemnify Synthiam Inc. from any claims, liabilities, damages, or costs that arise from your use of Third-Party Robot Skills, including any harm or damage to your hardware or other software.
Reporting and Removal
: If you encounter Third-Party Robot Skills that violate our platform policies or applicable laws, please report them to us. Synthiam Inc. reserves the right to remove or restrict access to any Third-Party Robot Skills that are found to be in violation of our terms of service or any applicable laws.
Intellectual Property
The Service and its original content (excluding Content provided by You or other users), features and functionality are and will remain the exclusive property of the Company and its licensors.
The Service is protected by copyright, trademark, and other laws of both the Country and foreign countries.
Our trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service without the prior written consent of the Company.
The products of Synthiam partly contain software code developed by third parties, including software code subject to the GNU General Public Licence (“GPL“), Version 1/Version 2/Version 3 or GNU Lesser General Public License ("LGPL"). You may use the respective software condition to following the GPL licence terms.
Your Feedback to Us
You assign all rights, title and interest in any Feedback You provide the Company. If for any reason such assignment is ineffective, You agree to grant the Company a non-exclusive, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty free, worldwide right and license to use, reproduce, disclose, sub-license, distribute, modify and exploit such Feedback without restriction.
Links to Other Websites
Our Service may contain links to third-party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by the Company.
The Company has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services. You further acknowledge and agree that the Company shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with the use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such web sites or services.
We strongly advise You to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third-party web sites or services that You visit.
Termination
We may terminate or suspend Your Account immediately, without prior notice or liability, for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation if You breach these Terms and Conditions.
Upon termination, Your right to use the Service will cease immediately. If You wish to terminate Your Account, You may simply discontinue using the Service.
Limitation of Liability
Notwithstanding any damages that You might incur, the entire liability of the Company and any of its suppliers under any provision of this Terms and Your exclusive remedy for all of the foregoing shall be limited to the amount actually paid by You through the Service or 100 USD if You haven't purchased anything through the Service.
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, in no event shall the Company or its suppliers be liable for any special, incidental, indirect, or consequential damages whatsoever (including, but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, loss of data or other information, for business interruption, for personal injury, loss of privacy arising out of or in any way related to the use of or inability to use the Service, third-party software and/or third-party hardware used with the Service, or otherwise in connection with any provision of this Terms), even if the Company or any supplier has been advised of the possibility of such damages and even if the remedy fails of its essential purpose.
Some states do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties or limitation of liability for incidental or consequential damages, which means that some of the above limitations may not apply. In these states, each party's liability will be limited to the greatest extent permitted by law.
"AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" Disclaimer
The Service is provided to You "AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" and with all faults and defects without warranty of any kind. To the maximum extent permitted under applicable law, the Company, on its own behalf and on behalf of its Affiliates and its and their respective licensors and service providers, expressly disclaims all warranties, whether express, implied, statutory or otherwise, with respect to the Service, including all implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement, and warranties that may arise out of course of dealing, course of performance, usage or trade practice. Without limitation to the foregoing, the Company provides no warranty or undertaking, and makes no representation of any kind that the Service will meet Your requirements, achieve any intended results, be compatible or work with any other software, applications, systems or services, operate without interruption, meet any performance or reliability standards or be error free or that any errors or defects can or will be corrected.
Without limiting the foregoing, neither the Company nor any of the company's provider makes any representation or warranty of any kind, express or implied: (i) as to the operation or availability of the Service, or the information, content, and materials or products included thereon; (ii) that the Service will be uninterrupted or error-free; (iii) as to the accuracy, reliability, or currency of any information or content provided through the Service; or (iv) that the Service, its servers, the content, or e-mails sent from or on behalf of the Company are free of viruses, scripts, trojan horses, worms, malware, timebombs or other harmful components.
Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain types of warranties or limitations on applicable statutory rights of a consumer, so some or all of the above exclusions and limitations may not apply to You. But in such a case the exclusions and limitations set forth in this section shall be applied to the greatest extent enforceable under applicable law.
Governing Law
The laws of the Country, excluding its conflicts of law rules, shall govern this Terms and Your use of the Service. Your use of the Application may also be subject to other local, state, national, or international laws.
Disputes Resolution
If You have any concern or dispute about the Service, You agree to first try to resolve the dispute informally by contacting the Company.
For European Union (EU) Users
If You are a European Union consumer, you will benefit from any mandatory provisions of the law of the country in which you are resident in.
United States Federal Government End Use Provisions
If You are a U.S. federal government end user, our Service is a "Commercial Item" as that term is defined at 48 C.F.R. §2.101.
United States Legal Compliance
You represent and warrant that (i) You are not located in a country that is subject to the United States government embargo, or that has been designated by the United States government as a "terrorist supporting" country, and (ii) You are not listed on any United States government list of prohibited or restricted parties.
Severability and Waiver
Severability
If any provision of these Terms is held to be unenforceable or invalid, such provision will be changed and interpreted to accomplish the objectives of such provision to the greatest extent possible under applicable law and the remaining provisions will continue in full force and effect.
Waiver
Except as provided herein, the failure to exercise a right or to require performance of an obligation under this Terms shall not effect a party's ability to exercise such right or require such performance at any time thereafter nor shall be the waiver of a breach constitute a waiver of any subsequent breach.
Translation Interpretation
These Terms and Conditions may have been translated if We have made them available to You on our Service.
    You agree that the original English text shall prevail in the case of a dispute.
Changes to These Terms and Conditions
We reserve the right, at Our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material We will make reasonable efforts to provide at least 30 days' notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at Our sole discretion.
By continuing to access or use Our Service after those revisions become effective, You agree to be bound by the revised terms. If You do not agree to the new terms, in whole or in part, please stop using the website and the Service.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about these Terms and Conditions, You can contact us:
By visiting this page on our website:
https://synthiam.com/About/Contact
Privacy Policy for Synthiam Inc.
At Synthiam, accessible from https://synthiam.com, ARC Software suite (including Exosphere and robot skills), one of our main priorities is the privacy of our visitors. This Privacy Policy document contains types of information that is collected and recorded by Synthiam and how we use it.
If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.
Log Files
Synthiam follows a standard procedure of using log files. These files log visitors when they visit websites or when using ARC software to submit diagnostic information that helps us make the software better, more stable and improve stability.
    All hosting companies and many cloud connected softwares do this and a part of their services' analytics and user experience.
    The information collected by log files include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP),
    ARC diagnostic usage details & errors,
    date and time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks.
    The purpose of the information is for analyzing trends, administering the site,
    improving software & feature stability,
    tracking users' movement on the website, and gathering demographic information.
Cookies and Web Beacons
Like any other website, Synthiam uses 'cookies'. These cookies are used to store information including visitors' preferences, and the pages on the website that the visitor accessed or visited. The information is used to optimize the users' experience by customizing our web page content based on visitors' browser type and/or other information.
For more general information on cookies, please read
"What Are Cookies" from Cookie Consent
.
Google DoubleClick DART Cookie
Google is one of a third-party vendor on our site. It also uses cookies, known as DART cookies, to serve ads to our site visitors based upon their visit to synthiam.com and other sites on the internet. However, visitors may choose to decline the use of DART cookies by visiting the Google ad and content network Privacy Policy at the following URL –
https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads
Our Advertising Partners
Some of advertisers on our site may use cookies and web beacons. Our advertising partners are listed below. Each of our advertising partners has their own Privacy Policy for their policies on user data. For easier access, we hyperlinked to their Privacy Policies below.
Google
https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads
Privacy Policies
You may consult this list to find the Privacy Policy for each of the advertising partners of Synthiam.
Third-party ad servers or ad networks uses technologies like cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons that are used in their respective advertisements and links that appear on Synthiam, which are sent directly to users' browser. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. These technologies are used to measure the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns and/or to personalize the advertising content that you see on websites that you visit.
Note that Synthiam has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
Third Party Privacy Policies
Synthiam's Privacy Policy does not apply to other advertisers or websites. Thus, we are advising you to consult the respective Privacy Policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information. It may include their practices and instructions about how to opt-out of certain options.
You can choose to disable cookies through your individual browser options. To know more detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers, it can be found at the browsers' respective websites. What Are Cookies?
Children's Information
Another part of our priority is adding protection for children while using the internet. We encourage parents and guardians to observe, participate in, and/or monitor and guide their online activity.
Synthiam does not knowingly collect any Personal Identifiable Information from children under the age of 13. If you think that your child provided this kind of information on our website, we strongly encourage you to contact us immediately and we will do our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This Privacy Policy applies to our online activities and ARC software suite and is valid for visitors to our website or ARC software users with regards to the information that they shared and/or collect in Synthiam. This policy is not applicable to channels other than this website or ARC software suite.
Consent
By using our website or ARC software suite, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its Terms and Conditions.
Synthiam.com Terms of Service
These Terms of Service (this “
Agreement
”)
      set forth the terms and conditions that apply to your access and use of the
      internet website located at https://synthiam.com, ARC, ARC Apps, 3D Design Library,
      ARC Robot Skills, and ARC Mobile (collectively,
      the “
Site
”), each owned and operated by Synthiam Inc. (“
Synthiam
”,
      “
we
”, “
our
” or “
us
”), and the services available thereon
(the “
Services
”).
BY ACCESSING OR USING THE SITE OR
      SERVICES YOU ARE INDICATING YOUR ACCEPTANCE TO BE BOUND BY THIS AGREEMENT.  IF
      YOU DO NOT ACCEPT THIS AGREEMENT, YOU MUST NOT ACCESS OR USE THE SITE OR THE
      SERVICES.  IF YOU ARE DISSATISFIED WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY RULES, POLICIES,
      GUIDELINES OR PRACTICES APPLICABLE TO THE SITE OR SERVICES, YOUR SOLE AND
      EXCLUSIVE REMEDY IS TO DISCONTINUE USE OF THE SITE AND SERVICES.
IF YOU ARE ENTERING
INTO THIS AGREEMENT
      ON BEHALF OF A COMPANY OR OTHER LEGAL ENTITY, YOU REPRESENT THAT YOU HAVE THE
      AUTHORITY TO BIND SUCH ENTITY TO THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, IN WHICH CASE THE
      TERMS “YOU” OR “YOUR” WILL REFER TO SUCH ENTITY.  IF YOU DO NOT HAVE SUCH
      AUTHORITY, OR IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, YOU MUST NOT
      ACCEPT THIS AGREEMENT AND MAY NOT USE THE SERVICES.
By accepting this Agreement, you agree to
      be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement, as well as Synthiam’s
      Privacy Policy located at <https://synthiam.com/Legal/Terms>
(the “
Privacy Policy
”)
, as it may be amended from time
      to time in the future.
Cookies
We employ the use of cookies. By accessing Synthiam, you agreed to use cookies in agreement with the Synthiam Inc.'s Privacy Policy.
Most interactive websites use cookies to let us retrieve the user’s details for each visit. Cookies are used by our website to enable the functionality of certain areas to make it easier for people visiting our website. Some of our affiliate/advertising partners may also use cookies.
Synthiam may update this Agreement or the
      Privacy Policy at any time, without notification to you,
and you should
      review this Agreement and the Privacy Policy from time to time by accessing the
      Site.  Your continued use of the Site and/or the Services will be deemed
      irrevocable acceptance of any such revisions.  Before you continue, you should
      print or save a local copy of this Agreement and the Privacy Policy for your
      records.
1.
Ability to Enter into this
      Agreement
In order to enter into this Agreement, you must have reached the
      legal age of majority in your jurisdiction of residence, and be fully able and
      competent to enter into the terms, conditions, obligations, affirmations,
      representations and warranties set forth in this Agreement, and to abide by and
      comply with this Agreement.  It is your responsibility to ensure that you are
      legally eligible to enter into this Agreement under any laws applicable to
      you.  If you accept this Agreement, you represent that you have the capacity to
      be bound by it.
2.
Intellectual Property
        Rights
2.1
All material available on
      the Site and all material and services provided by or through Synthiam, its
      affiliates, subsidiaries, employees, agents, licensors or other commercial
      partners including, but not limited to, software, all informational text,
      software documentation, design of and “look and feel”, layout, photographs,
      graphics, audio, video, messages, interactive and instant messaging, design and
      functions, files, documents, images, or other materials, whether publicly
      posted or privately transmitted as well as all derivative works thereof
      (collectively, the “
Materials
”), are owned by us or our licensors or
      service providers, and are protected by copyright, trademark, trade secret and
      other intellectual property laws.
2.2
Subject to your compliance
      with all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement, during the term of this
      Agreement, Synthiam grants to you a non-transferable, non-sublicensable,
      non-exclusive, revocable, limited-purpose right to access and use the Materials
      that we make available to you.  You are not permitted to download, copy or
      otherwise store any Materials.
2.3
If Synthiam, in its sole
      discretion and without notice, considers that there is an immediate security or
      operational risk to the Services or any of its, your or a third party system,
      then Synthiam may immediately suspend access to or use of the Services.  The
      suspension of use and access is not a breach of this Agreement. You acknowledge
      that the preservation of security, confidentiality and data is paramount. 
      Synthiam has no liability to you for suspending the Services under this
      provision.
2.4
This section does not apply
      to Content; however you agree that any ideas, suggestions, concepts, processes
      or techniques which you provide to Synthiam related to the Services, the Site
      or Synthiam or its business (“
Feedback
”) are and will be Synthiam’s
      exclusive property without any compensation or other consideration payable to
      you by Synthiam, and you do so of your own free will and volition.  Synthiam
      may or may not, in its sole discretion, use or incorporate the Feedback in
      whatever form or derivative Synthiam may decide into the Site, the Services,
      its software, documentation, business or other products or services, or any
      future versions or derivatives of the foregoing.  You hereby assign all rights
      on a worldwide basis in perpetuity to Synthiam in any Feedback and, as
      applicable, waive any moral rights.
2.5
For the purposes of this
      Agreement and the Privacy Policy, “
personal information
” is any
      information about an identifiable individual, as defined in our Privacy Policy.
2.6
Synthiam retains the right to use or share any
    Aggregated Data generated by anyone using the Site or the Services, including
    our users, for the purpose of enhancing and providing the Services.  “
Aggregated
      Data
” means data that does not contain personal information and which has
    been manipulated or combined to provide generalized, anonymous information. 
    Where you choose to utilize or connect certain services from third parties with
    the Services, you agree that Synthiam may share your lead data with such
    designated third parties. You are still responsible for any and all personal
    information that is part of any Content (as defined below).
3.
Your Profile Information
      and Account
3.1
If you sign up for a
      Synthiam account (“
Account
”), you agree that Synthiam is providing you
      with one user identification reference that you will use to create a username
      and password (together, the “
User ID
”) to the extent, and only to the
      extent, necessary to access and use the Site and Services in accordance with
      this Agreement.  You agree and understand that you are responsible for
      maintaining the confidentiality of your User ID.  That User ID, together with
      any or other user information you provide, including but not limited to your
      social media profiles, will form your “
Profile Information
” and allow
      you to access your Account.  You will provide true, accurate, current and
      complete information about yourself, and you agree not to misrepresent your
      Profile Information.  You represent and warrant to Synthiam that you have not
      misrepresented any Profile Information.  You are responsible for any Profile
      Information that may be lost or unrecoverable through the use of the Site or
      Services.
3.2
Your right to access and
      use the Services is personal to you and is not transferable by you to any other
      person or entity.  You agree not to disclose your User ID to any third party. 
      You are solely responsible for all activities that occur under your Account or
      under your Profile Information.  If you become aware of any unauthorized use of
      your Account or Profile Information, you are responsible for notifying Synthiam
      immediately.  It is your responsibility to update or change your Account or
      Profile Information, as appropriate.
3.3
In the case of any
      newsletter or other marketing initiatives, you can withdraw your consent to
      receiving those communications and unsubscribe to any Synthiam subscriptions at
      any time by clicking “Unsubscribe” at the bottom of such communication or by
      contacting contact@synthiam.com.  Doing so may have a material impact on our
      ability to provide any Services to you, and we are not responsible if you do
      so.
4.
Submission of Content
4.1
The Site and the Services
      available thereon enable you to provide or upload content, including but not
      limited to messages, materials, data, text, music, sound, photos, videos,
      graphics, applications, code and other information or content (collectively, “
Content
”),
      to Synthiam for the purpose of providing the Services.  You acknowledge and
      agree that you are solely responsible for all Content you submit, provide or
      upload and the consequences for submitting, providing or uploading it.
4.2
Synthiam will use Content you upload solely in
    connection with providing the Services to you, and for no other reason.  You
    agree that by uploading, or otherwise providing any Content on or through the
    Site and/or the Services, you grant to Synthiam a perpetual, worldwide,
    non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use, reproduce, process, display, all or
    any portion of such Content, solely in connection with providing the Services
    to you.  This license includes the right to host, index, cache or otherwise
    format your Content in order to provide the Services.
4.3
You represent and warrant
      that you own your Content or have the necessary licenses, rights, consents and
      permissions to grant the license set forth herein and that its provision to
      Synthiam or Synthiam’s use thereof will not violate the copyrights, privacy
      rights, publicity rights, trademark rights, contract rights or any other
      intellectual property rights or other rights of any person or entity.
4.4
You agree that Synthiam is
      not responsible for any violations of any third party intellectual property
      rights in any Content that you submit to Synthiam.  You agree to pay all
      royalties, fees and any other monies owing to any person by reason of the
      Content uploaded, displayed or otherwise provided by you to the Site.
5.
Monitoring
Synthiam may, but has no obligation to, monitor Content on the Site,
      or any website created using our Services.  You consent to such monitoring.  We
      may disclose any information necessary or appropriate to satisfy our legal
      obligations, protect Synthiam or its customers, or operate the Site or Services
      properly, or improve the Site or Services.  Synthiam, in its sole discretion,
      may refuse to post, remove, or require you to remove, any Content, in whole or
      in part, alleged to be unacceptable, undesirable, inappropriate, or in violation
      of this Agreement, including, but not limited to the Privacy Policy.
6.
Acceptable Use and Conduct:
You agree that you will not publish or make available any
    Content
that, or use the Site or Services in a manner that:
(a)
infringes, violates or misappropriates any third
    party’s intellectual property or proprietary rights;
(a)
contains software viruses, Trojan horses or any
    other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit
    the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications
    equipment;
(b)
is misleading, deceptive or fraudulent or otherwise
    illegal or promotes illegal activities, including engaging in phishing or
    otherwise obtaining financial or other personal information in a misleading
    manner or for fraudulent or misleading purposes;
(c)
is libelous or defamatory, or that is otherwise
    threatening, abusive, violent, harassing, malicious or harmful to any person or
    entity, or is invasive of another’s privacy;
(d)
is harmful to minors in any way;
(e)
is hateful or discriminatory based on race, color,
    sex, religion, nationality, ethnic or national origin, marital status,
    disability, sexual orientation or age or is otherwise objectionable, as reasonably
    determined by Synthiam;
(f)
impersonates a Synthiam employee, or any other
    person, or falsely states or otherwise misrepresents your affiliation with any
    person or entity, or to obtain access to the Site or Services or a portion
    thereof without proper authorization;
(g)
interferes or attempts to interfere with the proper
    working of the Site or Services or prevents others from using the Site or
    Services, or in a manner that disrupts the normal flow of dialogue with an
    excessive number of messages (flooding attack) to the Site, or that otherwise
    negatively affects other persons’ ability to use the Site or Services;
(h)
uses any manual or automated means, including
    agents, robots, scripts, or spiders, to monitor or copy the Site or Services or
    the content contained therein;
(i)
facilitates the unlawful distribution of
    copyrighted Content;
(j)
except as expressly permitted by Synthiam,
    licenses, sublicenses, rents or leases the Services to third parties, or uses
    the Services for third party training, commercial time-sharing or service
    bureau use;
(k)
includes personal or identifying information about
    another person in a manner that employs misleading email or IP addresses, or
    forged headers or otherwise manipulated identifiers in order to disguise the
    origin of Content transmitted through the Site or Services to users;
(l)
constitutes or contains any form of advertising or
    solicitation to users who have requested not to be contacted about other
    services, products or commercial interests;
(m)
stalks or otherwise harasses anyone on the Site or
    using the Services or with information obtained from the Site or Services;
(n)
collects, uses or discloses data, including
    personal information, about users without their informed consent or for
    unlawful purposes or in violation of applicable law or regulations;
(o)
requests, solicits or otherwise obtains access to
    usernames, passwords or other authentication credentials from any user of the
    Site or Services for the purposes of automating logins to the Site;
(p)
attempts to gain unauthorized access to the computer
    systems of Synthiam or engage in any activity that disrupts, diminishes the
    quality of, interferes with the performance of, or impairs the functionality of
    the Site or Services;
(q)
posts adult or pornographic Content;
(r)
decompiles or reverse engineers or attempts to
    access the source code of the software underlying the Site, the Services or any
    other Synthiam technology;
(s)
copies, archives, stores, reproduces, rearranges,
    modifies, downloads, uploads, creates derivate works from, displays, performs,
    publishes, distributes, redistributes or disseminates all or any part of the
    Site or Services;
(t)
accesses the Site or Services for the purposes of
    building a product using similar ideas, features, functions, interface or
    graphics as those found in the Site or Services;
(u)
accesses the Site or Services for the purposes of
    monitoring its availability, performance or functionality, or for any other
    benchmarking or competitive purposes; or
(v)
accesses the Site to upload any Content or computer
    code for the purposes of: (i) causing a breach or override of security to the
    Site or Services; (ii) interfering with the proper working, functionality or
    performance of the Site or Services; or (iii) preventing others from accessing
    or using the Site or Services.
7.
Disclaimer of Warranties
7.1
YOUR USE OF THE SITE OR SERVICES AND ALL CONTENT
    FORMING PART OF OR RELATED TO THE SITE OR SERVICES, INCLUDING ANY CONTENT YOU
    UPLOAD OR SUBMIT AND ANY THIRD PARTY SOFTWARE AND CONTENT, ARE AT YOUR SOLE
    RESPONSIBILITY AND RISK.  THE SITE AND SERVICES ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND
    “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS.  SYNTHIAM EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL REPRESENTATIONS,
    WARRANTIES, OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND WITH RESPECT TO THE SITE OR SERVICES,
    WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY IMPLIED
    WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE,
    ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, PERFORMANCE, SYSTEM INTEGRATION, QUIET ENJOYMENT, TITLE
    AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
7.2
SYNTHIAM DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTY THAT THE SITE, THE
    SERVICES OR ANY CONTENT, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY THIRD PARTY SOFTWARE
    AND CONTENT, WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS OR BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE OR
    ERROR-FREE, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT THE SITE OR THE SERVERS
    THAT MAKES THE SITE AVAILABLE ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. 
    YOU AGREE THAT FROM TIME TO TIME SYNTHIAM MAY REMOVE THE SITE OR CEASE
    PROVIDING THE SERVICES FOR INDEFINITE PERIODS OF TIME WITHOUT NOTICE TO YOU.
YOUR ACCESS AND USE OF THE SITE AND THE SERVICES MAY BE INTERRUPTED
      FROM TIME TO TIME FOR ANY OF SEVERAL REASONS, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION,
      THE MALFUNCTION OF EQUIPMENT, PERIODIC UPDATING, MAINTENANCE OR REPAIR OF THE
      SITE OR SERVICES OR OTHER ACTIONS THAT SYNTHIAM, IN ITS SOLE DISCRETION, MAY
      ELECT TO TAKE.
SYNTHIAM MAKES NO GUARANTEE REGARDING: (A) THE AMOUNT,
    TIMING AND DELIVERY OF ANY CLICKS OR IMPRESSIONS WITH RESPECT TO ANY CONTENT
    (INCLUDING THIRD PARTY CONTENT) OR ADVERTISING ON THE SITE OR SERVICES; OR (B)
    THE COMPATIBILITY OF ANY SOFTWARE, HARDWARE OR CONTENT WITH THE SITE OR
    SERVICES.
7.3
SYNTHIAM IS NOT RESPONSIBLE
      FOR THE ACTS OR OMISSIONS OF, OR FOR THE FAILINGS OF, ANY THIRD-PARTY PROVIDER
      OF ANY CONTENT, SERVICE, NETWORK,
SOFTWARE
OR HARDWARE,
      INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, INTERNET SERVICE PROVIDERS, HOSTING SERVICES
      UTILIZED BY SYNTHIAM, TELECOMMUNICATIONS PROVIDERS, CONTENT PROVIDED BY OTHER
      USERS, OR ANY SOFTWARE OR HARDWARE NOT PROVIDED BY SYNTHIAM.
7.4
You
      are solely responsible for ensuring that Your CONTENT is compatible with THE
      SITE AND SERVICES.  Synthiam disclaims any liability or responsibility for any
      unauthorized use of Your CONTENT by third parties or OTHER Users of THE SITE
      AND SERVICES and is not responsible for protecting Your CONTENT.
7.5
ANY MATERIAL DOWNLOADED OR OTHERWISE OBTAINED
    THROUGH THE USE OF THE SITE OR SERVICES IS DONE AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK
    AND YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR
    OTHER DEVICE OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM THE DOWNLOAD OF ANY SUCH
    MATERIAL.
7.6
NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN,
    OBTAINED BY YOU FROM SYNTHIAM OR THROUGH OR FROM THE SITE OR SERVICES WILL
    CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY STATED IN THIS AGREEMENT.
7.7
THE
      SITE AND SERVICES ARE offered and controlled by Synthiam from its facilities in
      Canada.  Synthiam makes no representations that THE SITE OR SERVICES ARE
      appropriate or available for use in other locations. Those who access or use
      THE SITE OR SERVICES from other jurisdictions do so at their own volition and
      are responsible for compliance with local law.
8.
Third Party Sites and
        Content
The Site may permit you to link to other
      websites or resources on the Internet, and other websites or resources may
      contain links to the Site.  These other websites are not under Synthiam’s
      control, and you acknowledge that Synthiam is not responsible or liable for any
      third party content, including but not limited to the accuracy, integrity,
      quality, usefulness, legality, appropriateness, safety or intellectual property
      rights of or relating to such third party content or any other aspect of such
      websites or resources.  The inclusion of any such link does not imply
      endorsement by Synthiam or any association with its operators.  You further
      acknowledge and agree that Synthiam will not be responsible or liable, directly
      or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in
      connection with the use of or reliance on any such third party content, goods
      or services available on or through any such website or resource.  Access and
      use of third party sites, including the information, material, products and
      services on third party sites or available through third party sites, is solely
      at your own risk.
9.
Exclusive Remedy and
        Limitation of Liability
9.1
YOU AGREE THAT, UNDER NO LEGAL THEORY, INCLUDING,
    BUT NOT LIMITED TO NEGLIGENCE, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR CONDITION, BREACH OF
    CONTRACT OR TORT, WILL SYNTHIAM OR ITS OWNERS, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, AFFILIATES,
    CONTRACTORS, EMPLOYEES OR AGENTS, BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY ACTING ON
    YOUR BEHALF FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE, OR
    EXEMPLARY DAMAGES OR DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, GOODWILL, USE, DATA, OR OTHER
    INTANGIBLE LOSSES OR THE COST OF ANY SUBSTITUTE EQUIPMENT, FACILITIES OR
    SERVICES (EVEN IF SYNTHIAM HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
    DAMAGES), ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR YOUR USE OF OR YOUR
    INABILITY TO USE THE SITE OR SERVICES, OR FOR ANY DAMAGES ARISING FROM OR
    RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT.  SYNTHIAM’S TOTAL AGGREGATE LIABILITY FROM ANY AND
    ALL CLAIMS UNDER THIS AGREEMENT IS LIMITED TO THE LESSER OF: (A) $100; AND (B)
    THE TOTAL AMOUNTS YOU PAID TO SYNTHIAM IN THE ONE (1) YEAR IMMEDIATELY
    PRECEDING THE OCCURRENCE OF LOSS OR DAMAGE.  TO THE EXTENT ANY PROVINCE, STATE
    OR JURISDICTION DOES NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR THE LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR
    CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, SYNTHIAM’S LIABILITY IN SUCH PROVINCE,
    STATE OR JURISDICTION WILL BE LIMITED TO THE FURTHEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.
    NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING OR ANYTHING ELSE HEREIN TO THE CONTRARY, SYNTHIAM
    WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY ACTING ON YOUR BEHALF IN ANY WAY
    WITH RESPECT TO A TRIAL PROGRAM OR YOUR PROVISION OF AN INDIVIDUAL’S PERSONAL
    INFORMATION TO SYNTHIAM OR THROUGH THE SERVICES. YOU FURTHER AGREE THAT THE
    FOREGOING LIMITATIONS WILL APPLY WITH RESPECT TO THIRD PARTY LIABILITY OF ANY
    KIND.
9.2
THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS WILL ALSO APPLY WITH
    RESPECT TO ANY DAMAGES INCURRED BY
REASON
OF ANY CONTENT OR SERVICES PROVIDED ON ANY THIRD PARTY SITES OR OTHERWISE
    PROVIDED BY ANY THIRD PARTIES OTHER THAN SYNTHIAM AND RECEIVED BY YOU THROUGH
    OR ADVERTISED ON THE SITE OR RECEIVED BY YOU ON ANY THIRD PARTY SITES.  YOU
    ALSO AGREE THAT SYNTHIAM WILL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OR
    DAMAGE OF ANY KIND INCURRED AS THE RESULT OF ANY INTERACTIONS OR DEALINGS WITH
    ADVERTISERS OR AS THE RESULT OF THE PRESENCE OF SUCH ADVERTISERS ON THE SITE.
9.3
Synthiam will have no
      liability whatsoever for any damages, liabilities, losses or any other
      consequences that you may incur as a result of any modification, suspension or
      discontinuance of the Site and/or the Services.
10.
Waiver of Jury Trial and
        Class Action Rights
WITH RESPECT TO ANY DISPUTE ARISING OUT OF
      OR RELATED TO THE SITE, THE SERVICES AND/OR THIS AGREEMENT: (A) YOU HEREBY
      EXPRESSLY GIVE UP YOUR RIGHT TO HAVE A TRIAL BY JURY; AND (B) YOU HEREBY
      EXPRESSLY GIVE UP YOUR RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE AS A MEMBER OF A CLASS OF
      CLAIMANTS, IN ANY LAWSUIT INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO CLASS ACTION LAWSUITS
      INVOLVING ANY SUCH DISPUTE.
11.
Limitation of Time
You agree that you will not bring a claim
      under or related to this Agreement more than 12 months from when your claim
      first arose.
12.
Indemnity
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Synthiam,
    and its subsidiaries, affiliates, co-branders, all third-party advertisers,
    technology providers, service providers or other partners, and each of their
    respective officers, directors, agents, shareholders, employees and
    representatives (together, the “
Indemnified Parties
”), from and against
    any third party claim, demand, loss, damage, cost, or liability (including,
    reasonable attorneys’ fees) (collectively and individually, “
Claims
”)
    incurred by or made against the Indemnified Parties in connection with any
    Claims arising out of or relating to this Agreement, the Site or the Services,
    including but without limitation in relation to: (a) your use, non-use or
    misuse of, or connection to the Site, the Services and any Content, including
    without limitation your Profile Information and any third party Content forming
    part of the Site;  (b) your violation or alleged violation of this Agreement;
    and (c) your violation of any rights, including intellectual property rights,
    of a third party and otherwise as set out herein.  Synthiam reserves the right,
    at your expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter for
    which you are required to indemnify Synthiam and you agree to cooperate with
    Synthiam’s defense of these Claims. You agree not to settle any matter without
    the prior written consent of Synthiam.  Synthiam will use reasonable efforts to
    notify you of any such Claims upon becoming aware of it.
13.
Cancellation and
      Termination
13.1
You may cancel your Account
      at any time through the web interface provided as part of the Services.
Cancellation must be issued via such web interface or via
      Synthiam’s support addresses.
This is the only way to
      cancel your Account.  Phone requests to cancel your Account will not be
      accepted.
13.2
Synthiam is under no
      obligation to store your Content and may delete your Account and your Content
      immediately upon cancellation or may keep your Account and your Content for up
      to 14 days following the last day of the month of cancellation.  Upon request
      from you, we will make available for access to you any of your Content for 7
      days from the effective date of termination of the Services.
13.3
Synthiam
reserves the right
    at any time, and without cost, charge or liability, to terminate this Agreement
    at its sole discretion for any reason, including, but not limited to, a failure
    to comply with the terms of this Agreement.
Synthiam reserves
      the right to modify, suspend or discontinue the Site and/or Services, or any
      portion thereof, at any time and for any reason, with or without notice
.
14.
Miscellaneous
14.1
This Agreement has been
      made in and shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the
      jurisdiction of the Province of Alberta and the federal laws of Canada, without
      regard to conflict of laws principles, and you irrevocably consent to submit to
      the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the Province of Alberta for any
      claim, proceeding or action under this Agreement against Synthiam. 
      Notwithstanding the foregoing, Synthiam may seek and obtain injunctive relief
      in any jurisdiction in any court of competent jurisdiction and you agree that
      this Agreement is specifically enforceable by Synthiam through injunctive
      relief and other equitable remedies without proof of monetary damages.
14.2
The United Nations
      Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods does not apply to
      this Agreement.
14.3
If any portion of this
      Agreement is deemed unlawful, void or unenforceable by any arbitrator or court
      of competent jurisdiction, this Agreement as a whole will not be deemed
      unlawful, void or unenforceable, but only that portion of this Agreement that
      is unlawful, void or unenforceable will be stricken from this Agreement.
14.4
You agree that if Synthiam
      does not exercise or enforce any legal right or remedy which is contained in
      the Agreement (or which Synthiam has the benefit of under any applicable law),
      this will not be taken to be a formal waiver of Synthiam’s rights and that
      those rights or remedies will still be available to Synthiam.
14.5
The following sections will
      survive any actual or purported termination or expiry of this Agreement and
      continue in full force and effect:  Sections
2
, 4, 7 through 13.
14.6
This Agreement is the entire agreement between us
    related to the subject matter in this Agreement.  This Agreement replaces and
    supersedes any other prior or contemporaneous agreement, representation or
    discussion, oral or written, and may not be changed except in writing signed by
    us, regardless of whether or not the parties act under an unsigned “electronic”
    agreement or rely on such an unsigned agreement.
Last updated: June 12
th
, 2024
15.
Contacting Synthiam
You may contact Synthiam by contact form
here
or
    by mail at:
Synthiam Inc.
6227 2 St SE
Unit #124
Calgary
AB T2H 1J5
Canada