This site uses cookies and related technologies, as described in our
privacy policy
, for purposes that may include site operation, analytics, enhanced user experience, or advertising. You may choose to consent to our use of these technologies, or manage your own preferences.
Manage Settings
Accept All
Skip to Content
Tickets you can trust: 100 million sold,
100% Buyer Guarantee
.
Learn More.
100 million sold,
100% Buyer Guarantee
.
Learn More.
Trending
Sports
Concerts
Theater & Comedy
EUR
Sign In
Privacy Policy
Click here for
Global Privacy Policy
Click here for
U.K. Privacy Policy
Global Privacy Policy
Last updated on
April
4, 2024
If you are a resident of the United States, Canada or any other country besides the United Kingdom, then this Privacy Policy (this "Policy") applies
                    to the website located
at
www.vividseats.com
and its
                    associated webpages (“Site”), and the Vivid Seats mobile applications (“Apps”),
                    each of which are owned and operated by Vivid Seats LLC (together with its parents, subsidiaries, and
                    affiliated companies, "Vivid Seats", "we", or "us"). This Policy describes
                    how Vivid Seats collects, shares, secures and uses the personal information you provide when you visit
                    or use our Site and Apps. It also describes the choices available to you regarding the use of, your
                    access to, and how to update and correct your personal information. Kindly note that any consent you
                    provide will be entirely voluntary. However, if you do not accept this policy, then you should not use,
                    and are not authorized to use, the Site or Apps.
This Policy is available to consumers with
                    disabilities. To access this Policy in an alternative downloadable format, please
click here
.
California Notice at Collection of Personal
                        Information
: We collect personal
                    information listed below under “What Information Do We Collect?” for the purposes described
                    below under “How Do We Use Information?” To learn more about our processing of information
                    about California residents, your California privacy rights, including your right to opt out of the sale
                    or sharing of personal information, please review these provisions and the “California and
                    Colorado Residents” section.
Table of Contents
What Information Do We
                Collect?
How Do We Collect Information?
How Do We Use Information?
How Do We Share Personal Information?
Third Party Sites and Frames
Security and Retention
Children’s Privacy
Your Choices and Privacy Rights
California and Colorado Residents
International Users
ICDR-AAA
European Residents
Liability for Onward Transfers
Changes to Privacy Policy
How can I give you feedback or contact you?
1. What Information Do We
                        Collect?
We, our service providers, and other third parties
                    acting on our behalf collect a variety of types of personal information. This may include when you use
                    our Site and Apps, register or create an online account with us, and use our services. The information
                    we collect may include the following information:
Contact Information
, such as your name, email address, mailing
                        address, zip code, postal code, phone number, and location-based information (including city and
                        state derived from your IP address);
Account Information
, such as your email address, password and
                        birthday;
Device and browsing information
, including IP address, referral website,
                        browser and device type, operating system version, webpage navigation, information about how often
                        you use our Site and Apps, the events that occur within the Site and Apps, aggregated usage,
                        performance data, where the application was downloaded from, and other information about your
                        activities on our Site and other websites and our Apps (collectively, "automatically collected
                        information");
Listing information of tickets listed for sale
                            on our marketplace
, including
                        event, location of the event, quantity, section and row of the tickets, and physical location of the
                        tickets;
Purchase and sale information
relating to tickets bought or sold through our
                        Site and Apps, including billing address, credit card or other payment information, links, PayPal
                        address, name and address of a gift recipient, and name and phone number of a third person who will
                        pick up items for you;
Your photograph
, only if you agree to provide it and then upload
                        it, may be collected for the purpose of verifying your identity when creating an account with us or
                        buying or selling tickets on our Site and Apps;
Publicly available information and purchased
                            information
, including
                        information about you from publicly available databases (such as demographic information, media
                        consumption, previous purchases, shopping habits, loyalty program information, lifestyle preferences
                        or information to validate or update the information we collect from or about you) and information
                        purchased from your cell phone company and your email domain. This information is collected for the
                        purpose of anti-fraud verification and marketing;
Information you provide through social
                            media
, including information
                        that you use in connection with our Site and Apps, or that share or allow you to share information
                        with us, such as Facebook. For example, if you use functionalities, plugins, widgets, or tools from
                        social media platforms or networks in connection with our Site and Apps (for example, to share
                        purchases and other content from our Site and Apps with your friends and followers on social media),
                        we will collect the information that you share with us, or that those social media platforms or
                        networks share with us; and
Other information or content
that you provide through our publicly accessible
                        blogs and community forums. Any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and
                        used by others who access them.
2. How do we collect information?
We collect personal information through our Site and
                    Apps, and through email and other communications and interactions with you. We also obtain information
                    about you from third parties, as described below:
A. Information You Provide
Information you share when you use the Site and
                            Apps
, such as when you visit
                        us online, purchase tickets or list tickets for sale, create an account with us, participate in
                        anti-fraud verification, subscribe to our email newsletter, post information or content to our
                        publicly available blogs or community forums, contact us for customer support or otherwise
                        communicate with us, enter contests or sweepstakes, participate in surveys, or register for other
                        activities on our Site and Apps;
Information automatically
                            collected
, including
                        information that we, our affiliates and/or third parties we work with collect from the computer,
                        tablet, phone, or other device that you use to access our Site or Apps, or that you use to open an
                        email from us. This information may be collected through first-party and third-party cookies, pixel
                        tags, web beacons, SDKs, scripts, and/or similar technologies on our Site, Apps and emails, as
                        described further in the Privacy Preferences tool accessible via the footer of our Site, or through
                        mobile analytics software that allows us to better understand the functionality of our Apps on your
                        phone. This collection includes automatically collected information, and generally does not include
                        personal information that directly identifies you unless you provide it through our Site or Apps or
                        you choose to share it with us.
B. Information from Other
                        Sources
We may acquire information from other sources as
                    follows:
From other trusted third-party
                            sources
, to update or
                        supplement the information that you provide or that we collect automatically. This includes, for
                        example, information from service providers that we use, publicly available databases or third
                        parties from whom we have purchased data such as public databases or data aggregators, and
                        information purchased from your cell phone company and your email domain.
You authorize your wireless carrier to use or disclose information about
                            your account and your wireless device, if available, to us or our service providers for the
                            duration of your business relationship, solely to help them identify you or your wireless device
                            and to prevent fraud
. See Section 3 below for how we treat your data.
From our partners and service
                            providers
, including, for
                        example, business partners, analytics vendors, marketing partners, advertising networks, search
                        information providers and service providers. We may use this information to help us maintain the
                        accuracy of the information we collect, personalize your experience with our services, target our
                        communications so that we can inform you of products, services or other offers that may be of
                        interest to you, to measure quality and responses, and for internal business analysis or other
                        business purposes, including those described below in Section 3.
Information provided about you by other users
                            of our Site or Apps
(for
                        example, when another user purchases tickets for you as a gift, or when another user designates you
                        to pick up tickets on his or her behalf).
We may combine the information we receive from and
                    about you, including information you provide to us and information collected automatically through our
                    Site and Apps, as well as information collected offline, across other computers or devices that you may
                    use, and from third party sources.
3. How Do We Use Information?
We use the personal information that we collect and
                    obtain to conduct our business and to provide you with the products, services, and experiences that you
                    request or that we think may be of interest to you. We use information:
To provide you with services
, including to administer, improve and secure the
                        Site and Apps, provide you with accurate listings, fulfill your orders and process your payments,
                        pay you if your tickets sell, calculate shipping options, verify your identity and protect the
                        integrity of the ticket marketplace, anti-fraud verification, process, create, maintain and service
                        your account, send you relevant newsletters, offers, and promotions, and provide you with products
                        and services that you request or that we think may be of interest to you, including providing you
                        with reward credits through our
Rewards Program
. We may use your IP address to infer your city and
                        state location in order to recommend nearby events that may be of interest to you. This could
                        include sending you emails, push notifications or alerts regarding such nearby events;
To contact you
and deliver information to you that, in some
                        cases, is targeted to your interests. These communications may contain links for preference
                        management and, where appropriate, unsubscribe links should you decide you do not want to receive
                        further communications;
To respond to you
, when you place an order, correspond with us by
                        email or otherwise communicate with us for customer service purposes, make a request or inquiry,
                        enter a contest or sweepstakes, complete a survey or share a comment or concern;
For personalization
of your experiences with us, including to remember
                        your interests and preferences, customize the listings and services we share with you on the Site,
                        Apps and through email, track and categorize your activity and interests on our Site and Apps
                        (including by identifying the different devices you use), and make your shopping experience with us
                        more relevant;
For marketing and advertising
,
to
send you
                        marketing and advertising communications based on your interactions with us, including through the
                        Site, Apps and email, to segment and build audiences and engage in interest-based advertising
                        (referred to under certain laws as “targeted advertising”), to provide social media
                        features, and to measure and analyze the performance of our advertising and online content;
For analytics
, to understand how you use our Site and Apps,
                        analyze our Site and Apps traffic, measure and analyze the performance of our ads on third party
                        platforms, understand the impact of our advertising and online content, to gather demographic
                        information about our individual users and aggregate user base, to determine the methods and devices
                        used to access our Site and Apps, and to improve our services;
For our business purposes
, to operate and improve upon our business and
                        lawful business activities, to identify new customers, to update, expand, and analyze our records,
                        for research, to determine your satisfaction with our Site, Apps and services, to detect and prevent
                        wireless device or other fraud or misuse of our services, to enforce, apply or comply with any of
                        our terms or policies, including but not limited to this Policy, and for any other business purpose
                        that is permitted by law; and
For legal, contractual and safety
                            purposes
, including to defend
                        or protect us, our customers, you, or third parties from harm or in legal proceedings, protect our
                        rights, protect our security and the security of our customers, employees, and property, respond to
                        court orders, lawsuits, subpoenas, and government requests, address legal and regulatory compliance,
                        comply with contracts and other agreements to which we are a party, and notify you of changes to our
                        terms, policies, or practices.
4. How Do We Share Personal Information?
Except as provided in this Policy, we will not
                    disclose, sell, or rent your personal information to any third parties without your consent.
We may share personal information as described below:
With service providers that perform certain
                            functions
. These third parties
                        may only use personal information as necessary to provide these services to us and not for their own
                        promotional purposes. These include the following service providers who use personal information:
For the purpose of processing payments.
For the purpose of delivering your tickets,
                                whether that is electronically or physically, and ensuring you successfully access your
                                seats.
For the purpose of preventing fraudulent
                                purchases and sales through our marketplace.
For the purpose of analyzing data to
                                provide you a better customer experience.
For the purpose of gathering feedback on
                                your experience with Vivid Seats.
For the purpose of providing you with
                                customer support. This may include offshore customer contact and call
                                centers.
With select business partners
, so that they can provide you with special offers,
                        promotional materials, and other materials that may be of interest to you. This includes our
                        partners that are listed on our Site and Apps. The information we give these partners may include
                        your name, email address, phone number, and billing address.  These entities’ use of such
                        information is subject to their respective privacy policies.
With marketing and advertising
                            partners
, we may allow
                        marketing and advertising partners to use cookies, pixel tags, web beacons, SDKs, scripts
                        and/or similar technologies on our Site, Apps and emails to collect information about you and your
                        activities on the Site and Apps, as described further in Section 8 below and in the Privacy
                        Preferences tool accessible via the footer of our Site. We also share information directly with
                        marketing and advertising partners to help segment and build audiences to support our interest-based
                        advertising on third-party platforms. We do not use cookies or similar technologies for the purpose
                        of delivering retargeted ads on third party websites or services.
To respond to subpoenas
, lawful requests by public authorities, court
                        orders, or other legal process, as required by law, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or
                        defend against legal claims;
To protect us and our users, with the
                            rights
, property, or safety of
                        Vivid Seats, our users, or others, including for fraud protection;
In the event of a sale or
                            merger
, of some or all of our
                        business or a merger with another company, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice
                        on our Site and/or Apps of any change in ownership; or
With your prior consent to do so.
We also may share personal information that you have provided to us about others with certain third parties that require it such as sports teams, leagues, ticketing partners, and event sponsors or event organizers, for example, to grant passes to your guests. These recipients may also use the personal information for their marketing purposes.
5. Third Party Sites and
                        Frames
Our Site and Apps include links to other websites whose
                    privacy practices may differ from those of Vivid Seats. If you submit personal information to any of
                    those sites, or to any third parties, your information is governed by their privacy policies. In
                    addition, some of our pages utilize framing techniques to serve content from our partners while
                    preserving the look and feel of our Site and Apps. When we use framing techniques, we display the logo
                    of our partner, so that you will know that you are engaging with a third party.  Please be aware
                    that you are providing your personal information to these third parties and not to www.vividseats.com,
                    and the third parties’ privacy policy will govern their use of your information. We encourage you
                    to carefully read the privacy policy of any other website you visit, and of any third parties to whom
                    you provide personal information.
6. Security and Retention
We use Secure Socket Layers (“SSL”)
                    encryption technology through third-party providers where your personal and account information is
                    required (such as a credit card number).  All transaction information is processed under encrypted
                    channels.
We follow generally accepted industry standards to
                    protect your personal information, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of
                    transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore,
                    while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot
                    guarantee its absolute security.
We will keep your personal information only for as long
                    as necessary for the purposes for which it was collected, to provide you with products or services, to
                    carry out legitimate business interests, and where otherwise required or permitted by law. If you have
                    any questions about security on our Site and Apps, you can email us at privacy@vividseats.com.
7. Children's Privacy
Our Site and Apps are not directed to or intended to be
                    used by individuals under the age of 16. We do not knowingly request, collect, or sell personal
                    information from any person under 16 years of age without prior verifiable parental consent. If you
                    believe that your child under the age of 16 has submitted personal information to us in connection with
                    our Site or Apps, and without prior verifiable parental consent, please email us
                    at privacy@vividseats.com so that we can take steps to delete the personal information that she or he
                    provided in accordance with applicable law.
8. Your Choices and Privacy
                        Rights
You have choices about how certain personal information
                    is used and shared. Your choices relate to and include:
Testimonials.
We display personal testimonials of satisfied
                        customers on our Site and/or Apps in addition to other endorsements. If you have provided us or a
                        third party with a testimonial or review, we may post your testimonial along with your name. If you
                        wish to update or delete your testimonial, you can contact us at privacy@vividseats.com.
Social Media Platforms and
                            Networks
. We encourage you to
                        review your privacy options and settings with the social media platforms and networks you use to
                        understand what choices you have about sharing information from those platforms and networks with
                        us.
Email Choices
. You can opt out of marketing or advertising
                        emails by contacting us
at
privacy@vividseats.com
or
by utilizing the "unsubscribe" link or following
                        other instructions noted in marketing or advertising emails you receive from us. Please note that
                        opting out of receiving marketing or advertising emails from us will not apply to transactional
                        communications or legal notices, for example, emails about your orders or about changes to our
                        terms, policies, or business practices.
Managing Cookies
. We, our affiliates and third parties use cookies
                        such as Google Analytics in order to understand how you interact with our Site and Apps. If you wish
                        to prevent your data from being used by Google Analytics, Google has developed the Google Analytics
                        opt-out browser add-on available https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/. Additionally, we, our
                        affiliates and third parties may use other tracking technologies such as pixel tags, web beacons,
                        SDKs, scripts and/or similar technologies on our Site, Apps and emails. As described further in the
                        Privacy Preferences tool accessible via the footer of our Site, some of these cookies and similar
                        technologies are necessary for the Site to function, while some optional technologies are used for
                        certain functional purposes and to measure and analyze the performance of our ads on third party
                        platforms. You can choose to decline all optional technologies in the Privacy Preferences tool
                        accessible via the footer of our Site. You can also activate settings on your Internet browser to
                        refuse the setting of some or all cookies or take steps to remove existing cookies from your
                        browser if you wish. Please keep in mind, however, that if you use your Internet browser settings to
                        block all cookies (including essential/required cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts
                        of our Site and Apps and services. For further information about managing cookies, please
visit
www.allaboutcookies.org
. Please
                        note that disabling or clearing cookies also may affect cookie-based opt-outs, including opt-outs
                        set through our Privacy Preferences tool, by either preventing you from using such cookie-based
                        opt-outs or clearing opt-outs that you have previously set, in which case you would have to revisit
                        the applicable pages/tools and renew your opt-out after clearing cookies. In addition, our Site is
                        not designed to respond to “Do Not Track” signals.
Mobile Devices
. Your mobile device may offer settings relating to
                        cookies, pixel tags, SDKs, scripts and other similar technologies. We encourage to you to
                        visit your device's help menu to learn about your options to limit tracking when using your
                        device.
Interest-Based Advertising
                            Choices
. As described above,
                        we may use audience builders and similar tools offered by third parties and engage in
                        interest-based advertising on third party sites. To understand your choices for receiving more
                        relevant advertising provided on across other websites and online services, please review the
                        information below:
To learn more about such interest-based
                                advertising, and to opt out of such collection and use for interest-based advertising by the
                                Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) participating companies, please visit
                                http://optout.aboutads.info.
To opt out from the use of information
                                about your online activities for interest-based advertising by Network Advertising
                                Initiative (NAI) member companies, please visit http://optout.networkadvertising.org.
To opt out of the use of your mobile device
                                ID for targeted advertising, please see http://www.aboutads.info/appchoices.
On your mobile device, you may also adjust
                                your privacy and advertising settings to control whether you want to receive more relevant
                                advertising.
Even if you opt out, you still may receive
                                advertising from us that is not customized or advertising from other third parties if they
                                are not a DAA or NAI participating company.
Rewards Program
. You may withdraw from our Rewards Program at any
                        time by emailing us at privacy@vividseats.com.
Access, Deletion, and Correction
                            Requests
. Upon request, Vivid
                        Seats will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your personal information and
                        how it has been used and/or disclosed. You may update your personal information by making a change
                        on the member information page. You may update or delete your personal information or request a
                        correction to your personal information by emailing us at privacy@vividseats.com. However, we need
                        to retain all information for active accounts to provide you services. To request that we deactivate
                        your account, please contact us at privacy@vividseats.com. We will respond to your request within a
                        reasonable timeframe. We will retain and use your information, even if your account is deactivated,
                        only as is necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our
                        agreements.
Additional Choices
. You may have the right to opt out of (i)
                        disclosures of your personal information to third parties who are not service providers; or (ii)
                        uses of your personal information by third parties who are not service providers. To request to
                        limit the use and disclosure of your personal information, please visit our
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
page.
Depending on where you live, you may have some or all
                    of the rights listed below in relation to personal information that we have collected about you.
                    However, these rights are not absolute, and in certain cases, we may decline your request as permitted
                    by law.
Right to Access/Know
. You may have a right to request that we confirm
                        whether we process information about you and give you access to that information in a portable and,
                        to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format that allows you to transmit the
                        information to another business without impediment.
If you are a California resident, you may request
                        the following information about our collection, use and disclosure of your personal
                        information:
categories of personal information we have
                                collected, disclosed for a business purpose, sold, or shared;
categories of sources from which we
                                collected personal information;
the business or commercial purposes for
                                collecting, selling, and/or sharing personal information;
categories of third parties to whom the
                                personal information was disclosed for a business purpose, sold, or shared; and
specific pieces of personal information we
                                have collected.
Right to
                                Delete.
You may have a right to request that we delete personal information we
                            maintain about you.
However, please note that we generally need to
                        retain information for active accounts to continue to provide you services. To request that we
                        deactivate your account, please contact us at privacy@vividseats.com. We will respond to your
                        request within a reasonable timeframe. We will retain and use information, even if your account is
                        deactivated, only as is necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and
                        enforce our agreements.
Right to
                                Correct.
You may have a right to request that we correct inaccurate personal
                            information we maintain about you.
You may update your personal information by making
                        a change on the member information page.
Right to Opt Out of Sale, Sharing or Targeted
                            Advertising
: You may request
                        to opt out of Vivid Seats’ “sale” and “sharing” of your personal
                        information to third parties, and opt out of Vivid Seat’s processing of personal information
                        for targeted advertising. If you opt out, going forward, we will not engage in certain types of data
                        sharing and processing for the purpose of interest-based or targeted advertising, unless you
                        later direct us to do so. Please note, however, that while certain US state laws (including
                        California) consider Vivid Seats’ disclosure of personal information to third parties to be a
                        “sale”, Vivid Seats does not sell personal information for monetary consideration,
                        including to third parties for the third party to license or sell the personal information to other
                        third parties, and therefore does not “sell” personal information as defined under
                        certain other US state laws (including Virginia and Nevada). If you are a resident of Nevada,
                        Virginia or other US states, and wish to submit an inquiry regarding our privacy practices, please
                        contact us at privacy@vividseats.com.
To make an access, deletion or correction request,
                    please email privacy@vividseats.com. To submit a request to opt out of the sale or sharing of your
                    information, or to opt out of targeted advertising, please follow the instructions on the page
                    accessible via the "Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” link in the footer of our
                    Site, or email us at privacy@vividseats.com. To opt out of targeted advertising by certain companies,
                    please see the Section on “Interest-Based Advertising Choices” above. We will work to comply
                    with your requests within the timeframes set out under applicable laws.
Vivid Seats will not discriminate against you in the
                    event you exercise any of these privacy rights. However, before completing your request, we may need
                    additional information to verify your identity. We will send you a link to verify your email address and
                    may request additional documentation or information solely for the purpose of verifying your identity,
                    such as your government issued ID. If you have an account with us, we will also verify your identity
                    through our existing authentication practices for your account.
Depending on your location, you may also designate, in
                    writing or through a power of attorney document, an authorized agent to make requests on your behalf to
                    exercise your rights. Before accepting such a request from an agent, we will require that the agent
                    provide proof you have authorized them to act on your behalf, and we may need you to verify your
                    identity directly with us.
You may also have the right to appeal our decision
                    regarding a request related to these rights by contacting us at privacy@vivideseats.com.
9. California and Colorado Residents
This Section applies if you are a California or
                    Colorado resident and supplements the information in other Sections of this Policy. For purposes of
                    this Section, references to “personal information,” includes “sensitive personal
                    information”, unless otherwise indicated.
Collection, Use and Disclosure of Personal
                        Information.
The table below sets
                    out the categories of personal information that we collect and disclose (if applicable), including our
                    collection and disclosure of information within the last 12 months, and our purposes for collecting such
                    information:
Category of Personal Information
                                        Collected
Purposes of collection /
                                        use
Recipients of Personal
                                        Information
Identifiers such as name, email
                                    address, telephone number and IP address
Personal Information categories listed
                                    in the California Customer Records statute such as name and address
To create and maintain user accounts;
                                    verify user identity when the user corresponds about their order; provide the services;
                                    facilitate sales of tickets; process, fulfill and deliver orders; anti-fraud
                                    verification; gather feedback on our services; marketing; targeted
                                    advertising
Service providers; advertising
                                    partners; business partners; sports teams, sports leagues or event
                                    organizers
Commercial information, such as
                                    information (including transaction and listing information) about tickets bought or
                                    sold, including tickets bought as a gift
To provide the services; facilitate
                                    sales of tickets; process, fulfill and deliver orders; process payments
Service providers; advertising
                                    partners; sports teams, sports leagues or event organizers
Internet and other electronic network
                                    activity, such as device information, browsing navigation and other information
                                    regarding a user’s interaction with our Site or Apps
Geolocation data such as IP address
                                    (and inferred city and state)
For analytics; to enhance functionality
                                    of the Site and Apps; marketing; targeted advertising
Service providers; advertising
                                    partners
Visual information, such as your
                                    photograph, if you choose to provide it
To verify user
                                    identity
Service providers
Inferences drawn from other information
                                    to create a profile reflecting a user’s preferences or
                                    behavior
To provide the services; marketing;
                                    targeted advertising
Service providers
Sensitive information: Vivid Seats
                                    account log-in information (email address and password)
To create and maintain user accounts;
                                    verify user identity; anti-fraud verification
Service providers
Further information about the purposes for which we
                    collect the information is described in Section 3 above. Vivid Seats only uses and discloses sensitive
                    personal information for the purposes specified in the California Consumer Privacy Act. In addition, as
                    described above, we retain your personal information only for as long as necessary for the purposes for
                    which it was collected, to provide you with products or services, to carry out legitimate business
                    interests, and where otherwise required or permitted by law.
Sale and Sharing of Personal Information.
We do not have actual knowledge that
                    we “sell” or “share” the personal information of known minors under 16 years of
                    age. However, we do sell and share certain categories of personal information, and in the preceding 12
                    months, have sold and shared personal information as follows:
Categories of Personal Information
                                        “Sold” and “Shared”
Recipients of Personal
                                        Information
Identifiers such as name, email
                                    address, telephone number and IP address.
Personal Information categories listed
                                    in the California Customer Records statute such as name and
                                    address.
Commercial information, such as
                                    information (including transaction and listing information) about tickets bought or
                                    sold, including tickets bought as a gift.
Marketing and advertising partners for
                                    marketing and targeted advertising purposes.
Sports teams, sports leagues and event
                                    organizers to help ensure access to the event and fulfilment of
                                    orders.
Business partners who may provide you
                                    with special offers or promotional materials.
Internet and other electronic network
                                    activity, such as device information, browsing navigation and other information
                                    regarding a user’s interaction with our Site or Apps.
Geolocation data such as IP address
                                    (and inferred city and state).
Marketing and advertising partners for
                                    marketing and targeted advertising purposes.
California Privacy Rights
Opt-Out
: To submit a request to opt out of the sale or
                        sharing of your information, please click on the "Do Not Sell or Share My Personal
                        Information” link which can also be found in the footer of our Site.
Shine the Light
: You may request and obtain once per year, free of
                        charge, information about our disclosure of personal information to third parties or affiliated
                        companies for their direct marketing purposes.
10. International Users
If you provide personal information through our Site or
                    Apps, you agree that the personal information will be transferred to and processed in the United States
                    of America and any other country or jurisdiction at our sole discretion. The laws that apply to the use
                    and protection of personal information in the United States or other countries or jurisdictions in which
                    we transfer or process personal information may be different than the laws and protections in your
                    country. By using our Site or Apps, you agree to the transfer and processing of your information in
                    accordance with US law. In the event you wish to withdraw consent, please
email
privacy@vividseats.com
to
delete your account and then cease using our services. Those who
                    access or use our Site or Apps from jurisdictions outside the United States do so at their own choice
                    and risk and are solely responsible for compliance with local law. While we take certain steps to
                    safeguard your personal information, please note that the United States has NOT been deemed by the
                    European Commission to ensure an adequate level of protection for personal information. Accordingly, the
                    level of safeguards and legal protections provided in the United States or other non-European countries
                    from which you may access our Site or Apps may not be as stringent as that under European Union privacy
                    standards or the privacy laws of some other countries, possibly including your home jurisdiction.
11. Data Privacy Framework
We will treat all personal information subject to this Policy that is received from the EU, UK and Switzerland in accordance with Data Privacy Framework (“DPF”). Vivid Seats, as well as its U.S subsidiaries Vivid Picks, LLC, Vegas.com, LLC and LasVegas.com, LLC complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Vivid Seats has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Vivid Seats has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the DPF program, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/.
For the avoidance of doubt, Vivid Seats' adherence to the DPF does not apply to any human resources data.
Vivid Seats is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) related to its compliance with the DPF Principles.
12. European Residents
If you are a resident of the EU or Switzerland, you may
                    have certain rights under data protection law in your jurisdiction with respect to your personal
                    information, including the right to request access to, correct, amend, delete, limit the use of, or
                    withdraw your consent for the processing of your personal information. You may also have the right to
                    receive a copy of your personal information in a commonly used and machine-readable format and to
                    transmit such data to another controller. To request deletion of, access to, or to make changes to
                    personal information, or to otherwise exercise any of your rights in this paragraph, email us
at
privacy@vividseats.com
. Please
                    remember that if you delete or limit the use of your personal information, you may not be able to use
                    the services provided through our Site or Apps.
Vivid Seats commits to resolve complaints about our
                    collection or use of your personal information transferred to the U.S. pursuant to the Data Privacy
                    Frameworks. EU and Swiss individuals with Data Privacy Framework inquiries or complaints should first
                    contact Vivid Seats at
privacy@vividseats.com
. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your
                    complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, please
                    visit https://go.adr.org/dpf_irm.html for more information and to file a complaint In the event you have a
                    dispute or complaint with respect to your personal data, you are entitled to invoke binding arbitration,
                    which may be referred to the International Centre for Dispute Resolution at the America Arbitration
                    Association.
14. Liability for Onward Transfers
Vivid Seats will transfer personal data to third parties only for limited and specific purposes. Vivid Seats will obtain contractual assurances from third parties that they will safeguard personal data in a manner consistent with this Policy and that they will provide at least the same level of protection as is required by the relevant DPF Principles. Vivid Seats recognizes its responsibility and potential liability for onward transfers to third parties.
14. Changes to Privacy Policy
We may make changes to this Policy, and may apply any
                    changes to information previously collected, as permitted by law. When we make material changes to this
                    Policy, we will notify you by posting the updated Policy on our Site, update the effective date at the
                    top of this Policy prior to the change becoming effective, and take other steps to the extent required
                    by applicable law. By continuing to use our Site or Apps after being notified of material changes to
                    this Policy, you agree that the terms of this Policy as of the effective date will apply to information
                    previously collected or collected in the future.
15. How can I give you feedback or contact
                        you?
You can reach us by email at
privacy@vividseats.com
or by
                    writing to us using the contact details below, or you can call us toll-free at
800.504.2851
.
Vivid Seats LLC
24 E. Washington St., Floor 9
Chicago, IL 60602
privacy@vividseats.com
If you believe we have not properly addressed your
                    concerns or that we have infringed upon your rights, please contact us so that we may properly address
                    your concerns either via mail or email at the following:
Vivid Seats LLC
Attn: Legal
24 E. Washington St., Floor 9
Chicago, IL 60602
legal@vividseats.com
U.K. Privacy Policy
Last updated on
May
30, 2024
Vivid Seats, LLC is a company registered in Delaware, USA with its registered office at 24 East Washington Street, Suite 900, Chicago, IL 60602, USA (collectively with our payment processing subsidiary Vivid Seats UK Ltd., “
Vivid Seats
“, “
we
“, “
us
“ or “
our
”).Vivid Seats operates the ticket-exchange website https://www.vividseats.com (the “Website”). You can find further information about us on the Website.
If you are a resident of the United Kingdom, this Privacy Policy (this "Policy") applies to this Website, our mobile application (the "App"), purchases through our customer call center (together, the “Vivid Seats Marketplace”). This Policy describes how Vivid Seats collects, shares, secures and uses the personal information you provide when you visit or use the Vivid Seats Marketplace. It also describes the choices available to you regarding the use of, your access to, and how to update and correct your personal information. Vivid Seats, LLC is a controller of your personal information collected and processed through the Vivid Seats Marketplace.
This Policy is available to consumers with
                    disabilities. To access this Policy in an alternative downloadable format, please
click here
.
Table of Contents
What Information Do We
                Collect?
How Do We Collect Information?
How Do We Use Information?
How Do We Share Personal Information?
Third Party Websites and Frames
Security and Retention
Children’s Privacy
Your Choices and Privacy Rights
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
International Transfers
Data Privacy Framework
Changes to Privacy Policy
How can I give you feedback or contact you?
1. What Information Do We
                        Collect?
We, our service providers and other third parties acting on our behalf collect your personal information when you use the Vivid Seats Marketplace, register or create an online account with us, and use our services, among others. The information we collect may include the following:
Contact Information
, such as your name, email address, mailing
                        address, postal code, phone number, and location-based information (including city and
                        state derived from your IP address);
Account Information
, such as your email address, password and
                        birthday;
Device and browsing information
, including IP address, referral website,
                        browser and device type, operating system version, webpage navigation, information about how often
                        you use the Vivid Seats Marketplace, the events that occur within the Vivid Seats Marketplace, aggregated usage,
                        performance data, where the application was downloaded from, and other information about your
                        activities on our Website and other websites and our App (collectively, "automatically collected
                        information");
Listing information of tickets listed for sale
                            on our marketplace
, including
                        event, location of the event, quantity, section and row of the tickets, and physical location of the
                        tickets;
Purchase and sale information
relating to tickets bought or sold through the Vivid Seats Marketplace, including billing address, credit card or other payment information, links, PayPal
                        address, name and address of a gift recipient, and name and phone number of a third person who will
                        pick up items for you;
Your photograph
, only if you agree to provide it and then upload
                        it, may be collected for the purpose of verifying your identity when creating an account with us or
                        buying or selling tickets on our marketplace;
Publicly available information and purchased
                            information
, including information about you from publicly available databases or websites (such as demographic information, media consumption, previous purchases, shopping habits, loyalty program information, lifestyle preferences or information to validate or update the information we collect from or about you) and aggregated information obtained from our service providers to create segmented audiences. This information is collected for the purpose of anti-fraud verification and marketing;
Information you provide through social
                            media
,including information that you use in connection with the Vivid Seats Marketplace, or that you share or allow the sharing of information with us, such as Facebook. For example, if you use functionalities, plugins, widgets, or tools from social media platforms or networks in connection with the Vivid Seats Marketplace (for example, to share purchases and other content from the Vivid Seats Marketplace with your friends and followers on social media), we will collect the information that you share with us, or that those social media platforms or networks share with us; and
Other information or content
that you provide through our publicly accessible
                        blogs and community forums. Any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and
                        used by others who access them.
2. How Do We Collect Information?
We collect personal information through the Vivid Seats Marketplace, and through email and other communications and interactions with you. We also obtain information about you from third parties, as described below:
A. Information You Provide
Information you share when you use the Vivid Seats Marketplace
, such as when you visit
                        us online, purchase tickets or list tickets for sale, create an account with us, participate in
                        anti-fraud verification, subscribe to our email newsletter, post information or content to our
                        publicly available blogs or community forums, contact us for customer support or otherwise
                        communicate with us, enter contests or sweepstakes, participate in surveys, or register for other
                        activities on the Vivid Seats Marketplace;
Information automatically
                            collected
,including information that we, our affiliates and/or third parties we work with collect from the computer, tablet, phone, or other device that you use to access the Vivid Seats Marketplace, or that you use to open an email from us. This information may be collected through first-party and third-party cookies, pixel tags, web beacons, SDKs, scripts, and/or similar technologies on the Vivid Seats Marketplace and emails, as described further in the Privacy Preferences tool accessible via the footer of our Website, or through mobile analytics software that allows us to better understand the functionality of our App on your phone. This collection includes automatically collected information, and generally does not include personal information that directly identifies you unless you provide it through the Vivid Seats Marketplace or you choose to share it with us.
B. Information from Other
                        Sources
We may acquire information from other sources as
                    follows:
From other trusted third-party
                            sources
, to update or supplement the information that you provide or that we independently collect . This includes, for example, aggregated information that we obtain from our service providers for the purpose of audience segmentation and related marketing activities, and information from publicly available databases or websites for purposes of identity verification. See Section 3 below for how we treat your data.
From our partners and service
                            providers
,ncluding, for example, business partners, analytics vendors, marketing partners, advertising networks, search information providers and service providers. We may use this information to help us maintain the accuracy of the information we collect, personalise your experience with our services, target our communications so that we can inform you of products, services or other offers that may be of interest to you, to measure quality and responses, and for internal business analysis or other business purposes, including those described below in Section 3.
Information provided about you by other users
                            of the Vivid Seats Marketplace
(for
                        example, when another user purchases tickets for you as a gift, or when another user designates you
                        to pick up tickets on his or her behalf).
We may combine the information we receive from and about you, including information you provide to us and information collected automatically through the Vivid Seats Marketplace, as well as information collected offline, across other computers or devices that you may use, and from third party sources.
3. How Do We Use Information?
We use the personal information that we collect and obtain to conduct our business and to provide you with the products, services, and experiences that you request or that we think may be of interest to you. We provide more information on the purposes and legal bases on which we process your personal information in the table below.  Where we refer to our legitimate interests as our legal basis below, this is described in more detail in the column "Purpose of Use."
Purpose of Use
Categories of Personal Data
Legal Basis for Processing
To provide you with services
, including to administer, improve and secure the Vivid Seats Marketplace; provide you with accurate listings; fulfill your orders and sales and process your payments; pay you if your tickets sell; verify your identity and protect the integrity of the ticket marketplace; anti-fraud verification; to process, create, maintain and service your account; and to send you relevant newsletters, offers, and promotions, and provide you with products and services that you request or that we think may be of interest to you, including providing you with reward credits through our Rewards Program. We may use your IP address to infer your city and state location in order to recommend nearby events that may be of interest to you. This could include sending you emails, push notifications or alerts regarding such nearby events.
Contact information
Account information
Device and browsing information
Listing information of tickets listed for sale on our marketplace
Purchase and sale information
Your photograph
To provide you with our services, to fulfil a contract, or take steps linked to a contract (Art. 6(1)(b))
Where it is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests (Art. 6(1)(f))
Where you have provided your consent (Art. 6(1)(a))
To respond to you
, when you place an order, correspond with us by email or otherwise communicate with us for customer service purposes, make a request or inquiry, enter a contest or sweepstakes, complete a survey or share a comment or concern.
Contact Information
To provide you with our services, to fulfil a contract, or take steps linked to a contract (Art. 6(1)(b))
Where it is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests (Art. 6(1)(f))
Where you have provided your consent (Art. 6(1)(a))
For personalisation
of your experiences with us, including to remember your interests and preferences, customise the listings and services we share with you on the Vivid Seats Marketplace and through email; to track and categorise your activity and interests on the Vivid Seats Marketplace (including by identifying the different devices you use); and to make your shopping experience with us more relevant.
Device and browsing information
Where it is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests (Art. 6(1)(f))
Where you have provided your consent (Art. 6(1)(a))
For marketing and advertising
, to send you marketing and advertising communications based on your interactions with us, including through the Vivid Seats Marketplace and email; to segment and build audiences and engage in interest-based advertising (referred to under certain laws as “targeted advertising”); to provide social media features; and to measure and analyze the performance of our advertising and online content.
Contact information
Account information
Device and browsing information
Where it is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests (Art. 6(1)(f))
Where you have provided your consent (Art. 6(1)(a))
For analytics
, to understand how you use the Vivid Seats Marketplace; to analyze the Vivid Seats Marketplace's traffic; to measure and analyze the performance of our ads on third party platforms; to understand the impact of our advertising and online content; to gather demographic information about our individual users and aggregate user base; to determine the methods and devices used to access the Vivid Seats Marketplace; and to improve our services.
Contact information
Account information
Device and browsing information
Where it is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests (Art. 6(1)(f))
For our business purposes
, to operate and improve upon our business and lawful business activities; to identify new customers; to update, expand, and analyze our records; for research; to determine your satisfaction with the Vivid Seats Marketplace and our services; to detect and prevent wireless device or other fraud or misuse of our services; to enforce, apply or comply with any of our terms or policies, including but not limited to this Policy, and for any other business purpose that is permitted by law.
Contact information
Account information
Device and browsing information
Listing information of tickets listed for sale on our marketplace
Purchase and sale information
Your photograph
To provide you with our services, to fulfil a contract, or take steps linked to a contract (Art. 6(1)(b))
Where it is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests (Art. 6(1)(f))
Where you have provided your consent (Art. 6(1)(a))
For legal, contractual and safety purposes
, including to defend or protect us, our customers, you, or third parties from harm or in legal proceedings; to protect our rights; to protect our security and the security of our customers, employees, and property; to respond to court orders, lawsuits, subpoenas, and government requests; to address legal and regulatory compliance requirements; to comply with contracts and other agreements to which we are a party; and to notify you of changes to our terms, policies, or practices.
Contact information
Account information
Device and browsing information
Listing information of tickets listed for sale on our marketplace
Purchase and sale information
Your photograph
To provide you with our services, to fulfil a contract, or take steps linked to a contract (Art. 6(1)(b))
Where it is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests (Art. 6(1)(f))
4. How Do We Share Personal Information?
We may share personal information as described below:
With service providers that perform certain
                            functions
. These third parties
                        may only use personal information as necessary to provide these services to us and not for their own purposes. These include the following service providers who use personal information:
For the purpose of processing payments.
For the purpose of delivering your tickets,
                                whether that is electronically or physically, and ensuring you successfully access your
                                seats.
For the purpose of preventing fraudulent
                                purchases and sales through our marketplace.
For the purpose of analyzing data to
                                provide you with a better customer experience.
For the purpose of gathering feedback on
                                your experience with Vivid Seats.
For the purpose of providing you with
                                customer support. This may include offshore customer contact and call
                                centers.
With select business partners
, so that they can provide you with special offers,
                        promotional materials, and other materials that may be of interest to you. This includes our
                        partners that are listed on the Vivid Seats Marketplace. The information we give these partners may include
                        your name, email address, phone number, and billing address.  These entities’ use of such
                        information is subject to their respective privacy policies.
With marketing and advertising
                            partners
, we may allow
                        marketing and advertising partners to use cookies, pixel tags, web beacons, SDKs,  scripts
                        and/or similar technologies the Vivid Seats Marketplace and emails to collect information about you and your
                        activities on the Vivid Seats Marketplace, as described further in Section 9 below and in the Privacy
                        Preferences tool accessible via the footer of our Website. We also share information directly with
                        marketing and advertising partners to help segment and build audiences to support our interest-based
                        advertising on third-party platforms. We do not use cookies or similar technologies for the purpose
                        of delivering retargeted ads on third party websites or services.
To respond to legal requests
, including lawful requests by public authorities, court
                        orders, or other legal processes, as required by law, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or
                        defend against legal claims;
To protect us and our users, with the
                            rights
, property, or safety of
                        Vivid Seats, our users, or others, including for fraud protection;
In the event of a sale or
                            merger
, of some or all of our
                        business or a merger with another company, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice
                        on the Vivid Seats Marketplace of any change in ownership; or
With your prior consent to do so.
We also may share personal information that you have provided to us about others with certain third parties that require it such as sports teams or event organisers, for example, to grant passes to your guests. These recipients may also use the personal information for their marketing purposes.
You may direct us not to share your personal information with third parties (other than our service providers), at any time, by sending an email to privacy@vividseats.com, or by following the removal instructions in the communications that you receive.
5. Third Party Websites and
                        Frames
The Vivid Seats Marketplace includes links to other websites whose privacy practices may differ from those of Vivid Seats. If you submit personal information to any of those websites, or to any third parties, your information is governed by their privacy policies. In addition, some of our pages utilise framing techniques to serve content from our partners while preserving the look and feel of the Vivid Seats Marketplace. When we use framing techniques, we display the logo of our partner, so that you will know that you are engaging with a third party. Please be aware that you are providing your personal information to these third parties and not to www.vividseats.com, and the third parties’ privacy policy will govern their use of your information. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any other website you visit, and of any third parties to whom you provide personal information.
6. Security and Retention
We use Secure Socket Layers (“SSL”)
                    encryption technology through third-party providers where your personal and account information is
                    required (such as a credit card number).  All transaction information is processed under encrypted
                    channels.
We follow generally accepted industry standards to
                    protect your personal information, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of
                    transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore,
                    while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot
                    guarantee its absolute security.
We will keep your personal information only for as long as necessary for the purposes for which it was collected, to provide you with products or services, to carry out legitimate business interests, and where otherwise required or permitted by law. If you have any questions about security on the Vivid Seats Marketplace, you can email us at privacy@vividseats.com.
7. Children's Privacy
The Vivid Seats Marketplace is not directed to or intended to be used by individuals under the age of 16. We do not knowingly request or collect personal information from any person under 16 years of age without prior verifiable parental consent. If you believe that your child under the age of 16 has submitted personal information to us in connection with the Vivid Seats Marketplace, and without prior verifiable parental consent, please email us at privacy@vividseats.com so that we can take steps to delete the personal information that she or he has provided in accordance with applicable law.
8. Your Choices and Privacy
                        Rights
You have choices about how certain personal information is used and shared. Subject to applicable data protection law, you may have the right to request access to, correct, amend, delete and restrict the processing of your personal information. Where we rely on your consent to process your personal information, you have the right to withdraw your consent to our processing of your personal information at any time. You may also have the right to receive a copy of your personal information in a commonly used and machine-readable format and to transmit such data to another controller. To request deletion of, access to, or to make changes to personal information, or to otherwise exercise any of your rights in this paragraph, email us at privacy@vividseats.com. Please remember that if you delete or limit the use of your personal information, you may not be able to use the services provided through the Vivid Seats Marketplace.
Note that before completing your request, we may need additional information to verify your identity. We will send you a link to verify your email address and may request additional documentation or information solely for the purpose of verifying your identity. If you have an account with us, we will verify your identity through our existing authentication practices for your account.
Subject to applicable law, you may also designate, in writing or through a power of attorney document, an authorised agent to make requests on your behalf to exercise your rights. Before accepting such a request from an agent, we will require that the agent provide proof you have authorised them to act on your behalf, and we may need you to verify your identity directly with us. You may also have the right to appeal our decision regarding a request related to these rights by contacting us at privacy@vivideseats.com.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority in the country in which you live or work. If you live or work in the UK, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the
UK Information Commissioner’s Office
. If you live or work in the EU, a full list of EU supervisory authorities’ contact details is available
here
.
Email Choices
. You can opt out of marketing or advertising emails by contacting us at privacy@vividseats.com or by utilising the "unsubscribe" link or following other instructions noted in marketing or advertising emails you receive from us. Please note that opting out of receiving marketing or advertising emails from us will not apply to transactional communications or legal notices, for example, emails about your orders or about changes to our terms, policies, or business practices.
Rewards Program
.You may withdraw from our Rewards Program at any time by e-mailing us at
privacy@vividseats.com.
Testimonials.
We display personal testimonials of satisfied
                        customers on our Site and/or Apps in addition to other endorsements. If you have provided us or a
                        third party with a testimonial or review, we may post your testimonial along with your name. If you
                        wish to update or delete your testimonial, you can contact us at privacy@vividseats.com.
Social Media Platforms and
                            Networks
. We encourage you to
                        review your privacy options and settings with the social media platforms and networks you use to
                        understand what choices you have about sharing information from those platforms and networks with
                        us.
9. Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies.
We, our affiliates and third parties use cookies such as Google Analytics in order to understand how you interact with the Vivid Seats Marketplace. If you wish to prevent your data from being used by Google Analytics, Google has developed the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on available https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/. Additionally, we, our affiliates and third parties may use other tracking technologies such as pixel tags, web beacons, SDKs, scripts and/or similar technologies on the Vivid Seats Marketplace and emails. As described further in the Privacy Preferences tool accessible via the footer of our Website, some of these cookies and similar technologies are necessary for the Website to function, while some optional technologies are used for certain functional purposes and to measure and analyze the performance of our ads on third party platforms. You can choose to decline all optional technologies in the Privacy Preferences tool accessible via the footer of our Website. You can also activate settings on your Internet browser to refuse the setting of some or all cookies, or take steps to remove existing cookies from your browser if you wish. Please keep in mind, however, that if you use your Internet browser settings to block all cookies (including essential/required cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of the Vivid Seats Marketplace. For further information about managing cookies, please visit www.allaboutcookies.org. Please note that disabling or clearing cookies also may affect cookie-based opt-outs, including opt-outs set through our Privacy Preferences tool, by either preventing you from using such cookie-based opt-outs or clearing opt-outs that you have previously set, in which case you would have to revisit the applicable pages/tools and renew your opt-out after clearing cookies. In addition, our Website is not designed to respond to “Do Not Track” signals. Your mobile device may offer settings relating to cookies, pixel tags, SDKs, scripts and other similar technologies. We encourage to you to visit your device's help menu to learn about your options to limit tracking when using your device.
10. International Transfers
The Vivid Seats Marketplace is controlled and operated by Vivid Seats in the United States. To the extent that there is an international transfer of your personal data from the UK and EU to the United States in connection with your use of the Vivid Seats Marketplace, we rely on the
EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework
and/or the
UK-U.S. Data Bridge
(see more information on this below), or where applicable, appropriate safeguards such as standard contractual clauses. Similarly, we rely on adequacy decisions and appropriate safeguards to transfer your personal information to other countries outside the EU/UK, where applicable. Please contact us at
privacy@vividseats.com
for more information, or for a copy of the safeguards on which we rely.
11. Data Privacy Framework
We will treat all personal information subject to this Policy that is received from the EU, UK and Switzerland in accordance with Data Privacy Framework. Vivid Seats participates in the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (the “EU-U.S. DPF”), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework and complies with the associated requirements regarding collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the EU, UK and Switzerland to the United States. Vivid Seats is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission and may be held liable in cases of onward transfers of data received from the EU, UK and Switzerland to third parties.
However, for the avoidance of doubt, Vivid Seats' adherence to the Data Privacy Frameworks does not apply to any human resources data. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Policy and the Data Privacy Framework Principles, the Data Privacy Framework Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework, and to see our certification, please visit https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/.
Vivid Seats commits to resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal information transferred to the U.S. pursuant to the Data Privacy Frameworks. EU, UK and Swiss individuals with Data Privacy Framework inquiries or complaints should first contact Vivid Seats at privacy@vividseats.com. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/article/How-to-Submit-a-Complaint-Relating-to-a-Participating-Organization-s-Compliance-with-the-DPF-Principles-dpf
for more information and to file a complaint. In the event you have a dispute or complaint with respect to your personal information, you are entitled to invoke binding arbitration, which may be referred to the International Centre for Dispute Resolution at the America Arbitration Association.
12. Changes to Privacy Policy
We may make changes to this Policy, and may apply any changes to information previously collected, as permitted by law. When we make material changes to this Policy, we will notify you by posting the updated Policy on our Website, update the effective date at the top of this Policy prior to the change becoming effective, and take other steps to the extent required by applicable law.
13. How can I give you feedback or contact
                        you?
You can reach us by email at
privacy@vividseats.com
or by
                    writing to us using the contact details below, or you can call us toll-free at
+44 800 066 8980
.
Vivid Seats LLC
24 E. Washington St., Suite 900
Chicago, IL 60602
USA
privacy@vividseats.com
If you believe we have not properly addressed your
                    concerns or that we have infringed upon your rights, please contact us so that we may properly address
                    your concerns either via mail or email at the following:
Vivid Seats LLC
24 E. Washington St., Suite 900
Chicago, IL 60602
USA
ATTN: Legal Department
legal@vividseats.com
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://commission.europa.eu/document/fa09cbad-dd7d-4684-ae60-be03fcb0fddf_en:
Skip to main content
This site uses cookies. Visit our
cookies policy page
or click the link in any footer for more information and to change your preferences.
Accept all cookies
Accept only essential cookies
General publications
10 July 2023
Adequacy decision for the EU-US Data Privacy Framework
Sub-policy 1
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/article/How-to-Submit-a-Complaint-Relating-to-a-Participating-Organization-s-Compliance-with-the-DPF-Principles-dpf:
You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Please wait while application initialize...
;