Information regarding the processing of personal data
Data Controller
Administrator of Personal Data collected as part of the Mobiem application is Mobiem spółka z ograniczoną odpowiedzialnością with its registered office in Warsaw (04-028), at al. Stanów Zjednoczonych 61, registered at the National Court Register kept by the District Court for the Capital City of Warsaw, 12th Commercial Division of the National Court Register, under KRS (National Court Register) number 0001054636.
In the case where another entity has the data administrator's character on a given service, information in this regard can be found in the legal notices and subpage of the list of service providers.
The company is represented by the General Partner:
Mobiem spółka z ograniczoną odpowiedzialnością with its registered office in Warsaw (04-028), at al. Stanów Zjednoczonych 61, registered at the National Court Register kept by the District Court for the Capital City of Warsaw, 12th Commercial Division of the National Court Register, under KRS (National Court Register) number 0000644304.
Contact details
You can contact Mobiem in the following ways:
By e-mail:
biuro@mobiem.pl
By post: Mobiem sp. z o.o., al. Stanów Zjednoczonych 61, 04-028 Warszawa
Data Protection Officer
Mobiem has appointed a Data Protection Officer, i.e. a person who can be contacted in all matters related to the processing of personal data and the use of rights related to the processing of personal data.
Data Protection Officer’s contact details:
Postal address:
Mobiem sp. z o.o.
For the attention of: Data Protection Officer
al. Stanów Zjednoczonych 61, 04-028 Warszawa
E-mail: iodo@mobiem.pl
Where to find information about data processing
Mobiem publishes information regarding the processing of personal data in each application and under each form, through which personal data are collected, in addition, in this tab: prywatnosc.mobiem.pl.
As part of the published information, we will tell you:
What are the purposes of data processing
On what basis we process your personal data
For what period we store your data
With whom we have shared your data
Whether we transfer your personal data outside of the European Economic Area
What rights you have and how you can implement them
Do you want to implement the rights related to the protection of personal data?
You can do it in any way, however we suggest using the prepared tools, i.e.:
this page and the contact form provided therein, or
by mail to the address of the Data Protection Officer
How do we implement your rights?
The regulations impose on us an obligation to implement your rights within 30 days, but in particularly complicated cases, it can be even three months.
In terms of:
access rights – you will receive a link to the location from which you will be able to download a file with a copy of the personal data that we process
right to object – you will receive information - the opinion of the Data Administrator
right to rectify – if you have an account as part of the Mobiem services, you can change the data yourself, if your application goes beyond the functionalities provided, you will receive information from us and confirmation of the change of data.
right to limit the processing - you will receive information from us and if your request is also justified – confirmation of the processing limit.
right to be forgotten – you will receive information - the opinion of the Data Administrator and information about the removal of anonymity of the information requested by you.
right to transfer data – you will receive a link to the location from which you will be able to download a file with a structured copy of personal data prepared for transfer.
withdrawal of consent – at any time you can withdraw any consent you give to the processing of data.
Your rights
Access rights
At any time, you have the right to request the administrator to issue information about whether your Data is being processed and, if so, to access or obtain a copy of the Data. We are required to provide relevant information at no extra charge and without unnecessary delay. The deadline is 1 month, not longer than 3 months in more complicated cases.
More
Right to rectify
At any time you have the right to ask the administrator to correct your data if you find inaccuracies in the personal data collected.
More
Right to limit the processing
At any time in the situation described in the provisions on the protection of personal data, you may request a limitation of data processing. If your request is justified, the data will be stored by us, and any operation other than storage will require separate consent, unless processing is necessary to protect the claims or rights of another person or due to important public interest reasons.
More
Right to object
If there are important, legitimate grounds, you can object to the processing in progress, citing the superiority of your rights and freedoms over the purpose of data processing.
More
Right to be forgotten
At any time in the situation described in the provisions on the protection of personal data, you can request immediate removal of data, and we have the obligation to delete the data without undue delay.
More
Right to transfer data
At any time you have the right to request the administrator to receive a structured, commonly used machine-readable format for your personal data processed in an automated manner based on your consent or in connection with the contract.
More
Right to withdraw your consent
You have the right to address the administrator and withdraw your consent to the processing of your personal data at any time.
More