Privacy policy
Introduction
This is the Privacy Policy for FLIO (
App
).  FLIO is provided by sostravel.com S.p.A. (
we
,
us
and
our
).
We are committed to protecting your privacy when interacting with our App and services. We know you value your privacy, so this privacy policy explains in detail what information we collect from you and how we use it.
To help you find the information you’re looking for, you can click on any of the links below to jump to the relevant section of this privacy policy.
What our app does and why it needs your information
What information we collect
Uses made of your information
Our use of tracking technologies
Who else sees your information
Child Safety
How we keep your information secure
Where your information gets sent
Your rights
How to contact us
What our app does and why it needs your information
Our app provides information about more than 300 airports with deep content and covers more than 3,000 airports worldwide. We inform you about arrivals and departure times, general travel information around the airports, we help you login to the airports official Wi-Fi connection and inform on available discounts on duty free shopping and more. Our app also provides In-app purchasing, e.g. for lounges or airport shuttles. You can set up a User Profile, tracking all your flights and collecting and ranking your travel miles.
In order to provide those services, the App needs certain information from you, and without that information our app wouldn’t work (or wouldn’t work very well).   For example, if we didn’t know your GPS coordinates, we wouldn’t be able to show you information of the relevant Airport, e.g. information about discounts of nearby shops or restaurants.
In addition, because our app is funded through advertising (which means we provide it to you for no cost, some of the information we collect is also used for targeted advertising purposes, and we describe this below.
What information we collect
We may collect and process the following personal information about you:
information (such as your name, user name and email address) that you provide to register as a user of the App, subscribe to our communications or request any information;
information that you choose to share with us where you can connect to your FLIO account from other third party social media sites or apps. Those sites or apps may provide us access to certain information relevant to your login and to content you may have interacted with prior to logging in to our App. You can use the settings of your third party social media account to control what personal information you choose to share with us.
in connection with an account sign-in facility, your log-in and password details;
details of date you last logged in to the App;
communications you send to us, for example to report a problem or to submit queries, concerns or comments regarding the App or its content;
information from promotions, advertisements, surveys and competitions that we may run on the App if you choose to respond to, or participate in, them;
technical information from your mobile device such as the Identification for Advertisers (IDFA) or language settings of your device) as well as usage information relating to the service you receive; and
information relating to your real time location such as your cell, Wi-Fi or GPS location.
When you access the App, we may automatically collect additional information about you, such as the type of mobile device you use, and your operating system, which are automatically recognised by our web server. You cannot be identified from this information and it is only used to assist us in providing an effective service on the App and to collect broad demographic information for aggregate use. We may only be able to collect some of this information if your device settings allow it, so you should always review your app settings under your device’s settings menu to select what information you are happy for apps like ours to access or not to access.
You are under no obligation to provide any such information. However, if you should choose to withhold requested information, we may not be able to provide you with the App and our services.
Uses made of your information
We will use the personal information you provide to:
identify you when you sign-in to your FLIO account;
enable us to provide you with the services and information offered through the App and which you request;
administer your user account with us;
analyse the use of the App in order to improve our content and services, including research into our users’ demographics;
we collect your real time location to provide the location services requested by you in order to identify for you the offers relevant to your location. If you wish to stop location information collection, we will not be able to continue to provide the services and you should uninstall the App using the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the App market place network.
send you push notifications of relevant offers at your location should you choose to receive these;
if you have consented to receive emails from us and our partners during your registration, we will send you  information and offers we think you may find of interest based on your use of the App or which you have requested from us, including receipt of marketing communications such as our periodic newsletter.
allow, with your explicit consent, carefully selected third parties to send you information and offers by email which you may find useful regarding their products and services.
You can tell us not to contact you with information regarding our products and services or those of third parties anymore, or to share your details with third parties so that they can send you information by email regarding their products and services, where you do not wish us to continue to use your information in this way, by following the unsubscribe instructions on any communications sent to you. You can also exercise this right at any time by using the contacting us details at the end of this privacy policy.
Our use of tracking technologies
We also collect information about your access to the App using cookies or technologies similar to cookies (unique device identifiers, such as the ID For Advertisers (IDFA) on iOS and Android platforms).
This technology comprises pieces of software that include a unique reference code that store and sometimes track information about you. These can last only for the duration of your use of the App. Others are used to remember you when you return to the App and will last for longer.
We use these technologies to:
allow you to move around the App more quickly and easily;
remember your last login;
customize elements of the layout and/or content of the App for you;
collect statistical information about how you use the App so that we can improve the App;
Mobile users can often refuse tracking or reset their device identifiers (which will reset any prior tracking history) through the settings menus on their device.
Like other app providers, we also track our users’ use of our app.  We do this for in-app advertising purposes, as already described above and for our analytics purposes so that we can understand how users interact with our app in order to help refine our app.  If you wish to refuse all tracking for these purposes, or to reset your tracking history, please follow the instructions above.
Who else sees your information
We may disclose your personal information to group companies, our agents or contractors who assist us in providing the services we offer through the App, fulfilling requests for information, receiving and sending communications, updating our communication and marketing lists, analysing data, providing support services or in other tasks from time to time. Our agents and contractors will only use your information to the extent necessary to perform their functions and we require them to protect it in accordance with the standards set out in this privacy policy.
As described above, we may with your explicit consent, share your email address, name, user name and last login date/time with selected third parties to send you information and offers by email which you may find useful regarding their products and services.
In the event that we undergo re-organisation or are sold to a third party, you agree that any personal information we hold about you may be transferred to that re-organised entity or third party.
In addition, we may also disclose your information to law enforcement, competent government authorities and other third parties where we believe are required to do so by applicable law or regulation (including a court order), or where we believe disclosure is necessary to exercise, establish or defend legal rights or to protect the vital interests of any person.
Child safety
Protecting the safety of children when they use online services is very important to us.  We do not wish to collect any personal information from children under 18 and recommend that children receive the permission from their parent or guardian before gaining access to the App or sending personal information to us or anyone else.
How we keep your information secure
We place great importance on the security of all personally identifiable information associated with our users. We use appropriate technical and organizational measures to keep the information we collect about you secure at all times and have security measures in place to attempt to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of personal information under our control. Our security and privacy policies are periodically reviewed and enhanced as necessary and only authorised personnel have access to personal information. Whilst we cannot ensure or guarantee that loss, misuse or alteration of information will never occur, we use all reasonable efforts to prevent it.
You should bear in mind that submission of information over the internet is never entirely secure. We cannot guarantee the security of information you submit via the App whilst it is in transit over the internet and any such submission is at your own risk.
Where your information gets sent
Information that you submit via the App may be also transferred to countries outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”).  By way of example, this will happen when necessary in connection with providing information to our mailing services provider or hosting provider in the U.S., or if you make contact with businesses featured on the App. If we transfer your information outside the EEA in this way, we will take steps to ensure that your privacy rights continue to be protected.
In addition, if you use our services while you are outside the EEA, your information may be transferred outside the EEA in order to provide you with those services.
Your rights
You can ask us for access to your personal information, or to correct, update, block or delete your personal information at any time.  To do this, please send your request to us using the contact details supplied below.
In addition, you can opt-out of receiving our marketing communications at any time, even if you previously indicated that you wanted to receive these.  To do this, please click the ‘Unsubscribe’ link in any marketing e-mail you have received from us or send your request to us directly, again using the contact details supplied below.  Please note that even if you opt-out of receiving marketing communications from us, you will continue to receive messages related to your account and the provision of our service – such as billing confirmations and general service updates.
How to contact us
Please submit any questions, concerns or comments you have about this privacy policy or any requests concerning your personal data by email to privacy@sostravel.com.
Responsible contact for data privacy:
Dott.ssa Virginia G. Basiricò, via Olona, 183/G – 21013 Gallarate(VA) – mail privacy@sostravel.com – Tel +3903311587117 – Fax +39033111582452.
This Privacy Policy was last updated on July 23, 2019.