Zapmap Cookie Policy
Thanks for visiting Zapmap's Cookie Policy which has been updated to reflect changes in data privacy laws, specifically the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) in the European Union which takes effect on 25 May 2018. Please also refer to our
Terms and Conditions
,
Privacy Policy
and
Data Licensing
terms.
We want you to understand why Zapmap stores cookie information on your device and gain your consent to do so. As of 26 May 2012, the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) (Amendment) Regulations 2011 (UK Regulations) require that all UK websites have to gain consent from their users to store information on their devices, and under GDPR, EU websites must explicitly gain consent for cookies which contain personally identifiable information.
In this policy, 'Zapmap Sites and Services', also referred to as 'Zapmap' and 'Sites and Services', refers to the following websites, mobile applications and data services operated by Zapmap Limited: 'Zapmap Websites', also referred to as the 'Websites', [
http://www.zap-map.com
], and 'Zapmap Applications', also referred to as the 'Applications', [iOS/Android apps and related applications]. The use of terms 'we' and 'our' refer to Zapmap Sites and Services, and 'users' refers to contributors and users of the information published on any of the Sites and Services.
Zapmap cookie use
Other cookie controls
In addition to the specific Zapmap cookie options, most popular browsers give users a level of control over cookies and you can change your cookies settings. These settings will typically be found in the options or preferences menu of your browser.
To control or turn off third party advertising cookies, which are not under our control, see
Your online choices
. You can also visit the trade body representing these advertising platforms for more information, the
Networking Advertising Initiative
, where there is single page where you can opt-out of the various advertising networks. Please note that there are many more networks on this list than are used on Zapmap Sites and Services.
Policy last updated: April 2023
The Zapmap newsletter
Want to learn about EV charging and Zapmap product developments?
Keep up to date with the latest news, stats and guides on EV charging and lots more - receive fortnightly updates straight to your inbox
Your first name
Your last name
Your email
Your email
What information would you like to receive?
Newsletter - for EV drivers
Product updates
Surveys
Promotions
Third party communications
Newsletter - for business
Which contact methods would you like us to use?
Email
Phone
Post
Text