News
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
India TV Interactive Media Pvt. Ltd. (India TV) respects the privacy of it's users and is committed to protect it in all respects. The information about the user as collected by (India TV) is: (a) information supplied by users and (b) information automatically tracked while navigation  (Information).
By using (India TV)’s website or its services, you consent to collection, storage, and use of the personal information you provide (including any changes thereto as provided by you) for any of the services that we offer.
User Information:
To avail certain sites / services on our websites, users may be required to provide certain information for the registration process namely:- a) your name, b) email address, c) sex, d) age, e) PIN code ,password etc., and / or your occupation, interests, and the like.. The Information as supplied by the users enables us to improve our sites and provide you the most user-friendly experience.
All required information is service dependent and (India TV) may use the above said User information to, maintain, protect, and improve its services (including advertising services) and for developing new services
Such information will not be considered as sensitive if it is freely available and accessible in the public domain or is furnished under the Right to Information Act, 2005 or any other law for the time being in force.
We may disclose to third party services certain personally identifiable information listed below:
a)
information you provide us such as name, email, mobile phone number
b)
information we collect as you access and use our service, including device information, location and network carrier
This information is shared with third party service providers so that we can:
a)
personalize the app for you
b)
perform behavioral analytics
Cookies:
India TV includes links to other websites. Such sites are governed by their respective privacy policies, which are beyond our control. Once you leave our servers (you can tell where you are by checking the URL in the location bar on your browser), use of any information you provide is governed by the privacy policy of the operator of the site you are visiting. That policy may differ from ours. If you can't find the privacy policy of any of these sites via a link from the site's homepage, you should contact the site directly for more information.
Our web servers automatically collect limited information about your computer's connection to the Internet, including your IP address, when you visit our site. (Your IP address is a number that lets computers attached to the Internet know where to send you data -- such as the web pages you view.) Your IP address does not identify you personally. We use this information to deliver our web pages to you upon request, to tailor our site to the interests of our users, to measure traffic within our site and let advertisers know the geographic locations from where our visitors come.
Information Sharing:
India TV shares the sensitive personal information with any third party without obtaining the prior consent of the User in the following limited circumstances:
a)
When it is requested or required by law or by any court or governmental agency or authority to disclose, for the purpose of verification of identity, or for the prevention, detection, investigation including cyber incidents, or for prosecution and punishment of offences. These disclosures are made in good faith and belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary for enforcing these Terms; for complying with the applicable laws and regulations.
b)
India TV proposes to share such information within its group companies and officers and employees of such group companies for the purpose of processing personal information on its behalf. We also ensure that these recipients of such information agree to process such information based on our instructions and in compliance with this Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
Information Security:
We take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of data. These include internal reviews of our data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures, including appropriate encryption and physical security measures to guard against unauthorized access to systems where we store data.
All information gathered on India TV is securely stored within the India TV controlled database. The database is stored on servers secured behind a firewall; access to the servers is password-protected and is strictly limited. However, as effective as our security measures are, no security system is impenetrable. We cannot guarantee the security of our database, nor can we guarantee that information you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the Internet. And, of course, any information you include in a posting to the discussion areas is available to anyone with Internet access.
However the internet is an ever evolving medium. We may change our privacy policy from time to time to incorporate necessary future changes. Of course, our use of any information we gather will always be consistent with the policy under which the information was collected, regardless of what the new policy may be.
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
Withdrawal of Consent
In the event you wish to withdraw your consent given to India TV for collecting, storing and using the user information submitted by you and collected by India TV, you may contact us by writing to us at {email ID}. We request you to please provide the following information –
(a)
identification of the information provided by you;
(b)
your contact information and;
(c)
a statement, under penalty of perjury, that the information in the notice is accurate, and that the information being complained about belongs to you.
Grievance Redressal
In the event you have any grievance relating to the processing of information provided by you, you may contact our write at the following address:
Mrs. Anita Sharma
(Compliance Officer NBDSA)
•	Address :
Independent News Services Private Ltd. India TV Broadcast Centre, B-30, Sector 85, Noida 201305, Uttar Pradesh, India
•	E-mail :
mail@indiatvnews.com
,
anitasharma@indiatvnews.com
•	Phone :
0120-3051000
We request you to please provide the following information in your complaint:-
(a)
Identification of the information provided by you
(b)
Clear statement as to whether the information is personal information or sensitive personal information
(c)
Your address, telephone number or e-mail address.
(d)
A statement that you have a good-faith belief that the information has been processed incorrectly or disclosed without authorization, as the case may be.
(e)
A statement, under penalty of perjury, that the information in the notice is accurate, and that the information being complained about belongs to you.
India TV Apps:
Channel Name:
India TV News
Channel Synopsis: Get all Breaking News Headlines from India and World. Photos, Live news coverage and Latest News from Politics, Bollywood, and many more all in one place.
Channel Name:
India TV Speed News
Channel Synopsis: Channel Synopsis: India TV Speed News - Your source for rapid updates in Hindi! Stay informed with the latest political, sports, entertainment, business, and global news. Our brief, yet comprehensive videos ensure you're up to date in no time. Get your daily news fix effortlessly. Keep watching to stay well-informed!.
Channel Name:
India TV Aap ki Adalat
Channel Synopsis: Welcome to channel of "Aap Ki Adalat," India's longest-running news show. Explore exclusive 24x7 streams and popular episodes at your convenience. Join us for captivating interviews with your favorite guests and celebrities. Stay connected to the heart of Indian news and entertainment with "Aap Ki Adalat."
Channel Name:
India TV Yoga
Channel Synopsis: India TV Yoga Channel Your 24x7 guide to well-being. With exclusive video content from renowned Yoga guru Baba Ramdev, get daily health tips, targeted yoga sessions, and guided meditations. From ancient wisdom to modern living, join us on the path to balance and better living.
Advertisement
Top News
Tarpaulin-covered mosques, over 1,000 detentions: How Sambhal administration is gearing up for Holi
CPI Data: India's retail inflation eases to 3.61 per cent in February
QS Subject Rankings 2025: Nine Indian universities rank in the top 50, check discipline-wise ranking
Mufasa OTT Release Date: Here's where you can watch The Lion King's sequel in Shah Rukh Khan's voice
Advertisement
Latest News
Haryana civic poll results: CM Saini calls BJP's sweep a stamp of approval on govt's policies
India's trump card for Champions Trophy has featured in Tamil films, spinner's old photos go viral
Jharkhand Cabinet approves joint recruitment rules, relaxes parameters for physical test
Deepika Padukone to Kriti Sanon, actresses who’ve embodied pregnancy on screen
Putin-Trump phone call possible soon, says Russia after US resumes Ukraine aid
Read all
Advertisement