VUZ Application Privacy Statement
This privacy statement (“Privacy Statement”) applies to the treatment of personally identifiable information submitted by, or otherwise obtained from, you in connection with the associated application (“VUZ”). The Application is provided and licensed by [VUZ]. By using or otherwise accessing the Application, you acknowledge that you accept the practices and policies outlined in this Privacy Statement.
VUZ and 360VUZ Trademarks
VUZ and 360VUZ are registered trade marks of 360MEA FZE and any usage, interaction, or transaction in relation to any of these names or a combination of these names shall be considered an explicit and unconditional acceptance of these terms and conditions.
WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DOES [VUZ] COLLECT?
We collect the following types of information from our users:
Personal Information You Provide to Us:
We may receive and store any information you submit to the Application (or otherwise authorize us to obtain – such as, from your Facebook account). The types of personal information collected may include your full name, email address, profile picture, and any other information necessary for us to provide the Application basic services.
Personal Information Collected Automatically:
We receive and store certain types of usage related information whenever you interact with Application. For example, [VUZ] may automatically receive and record information regarding your demographics.
HOW DOES [VUZ] USE THE INFORMATION IT COLLECTS?
[VUZ] uses the information described in this Privacy Statement (i) internally, to analyze, develop and improve its products and services, and (ii) as set forth below in the “Will [VUZ] Share any of the personal information it Collects” section below.
APPLICATION PARTNER TREATMENT OF PERSONAL INFORMATION.
[VUZ] may provide personal information to the applicable Application Partner. The Application Partner’s use of your personal information is subject to the Application Partner’s separate privacy policy – and not this Privacy Statement. The Application Partner’s privacy policy is linked to from within the Partner’s Facebook application.
HOW TO REQUEST DELETION OF YOUR USER DATA.
In case you want to delete your VUZ Access Account, there are two options:
1) In case you have signed up directly through your personal email address then please proceed with the following steps:
1. Go to https://vuz.com/delete-data.php
2. Enter your email and password used on the VUZ app
3. Click on Submit in order to delete all your user data
2) In case you have signed up through your Facebook account then please proceed with the following steps:
1. Go to your Facebook profile’s Apps and Websites settings tab: https://www.facebook.com/settings?tab=applications
2. Find VUZ App
3. Remove your app
4. Click the Removed sub-tab and click on your app
5. Click Send Request to request deletion of your data
6. Click on the status link displayed in order to see the status of your data deletion request
WILL [VUZ] SHARE ANY OF THE PERSONAL INFORMATION IT RECEIVES?
Personal information about our users is an integral part of our business. We neither rent nor sell your personal information to anyone. We share your personal information only as described below.
Protection of [VUZ] and Others: We may release personal information when we believe in good faith that release is necessary to comply with the law; enforce or apply our conditions of use and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of [VUZ], our employees, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
With Your Consent: Except as set forth above, you will be notified when your personal information may be shared with third parties and will be able to prevent the sharing of this information.
CONDITIONS OF USE.
If you decide to use or otherwise access the Application, your use/access and any possible dispute over privacy are subject to this Privacy Statement and our Terms of Use, including limitations on damages, arbitration of disputes, and application of California state law.
THIRD PARTY APPLICATIONS/WEBSITES.
The Application may permit you to link to other applications or websites. Such third party applications/websites are not under [VUZ]’s control, and such links do not constitute an endorsement by [VUZ] of those other applications/websites or the services offered through them. The privacy and security practices of such third party applications/websites linked to the Application are not covered by this Privacy Statement, and [VUZ] is not responsible for the privacy or security practices or the content of such websites.
WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION CAN I ACCESS?
[VUZ] allows you to access the following information about you for the purpose of viewing, and in certain situations, updating that information. This list may change in the event the Application changes.
-
Account and user profile information
-
User e-mail address, if applicable
CAN CHILDREN USE THE APPLICATION?
Our site and the services available through [VUZ] are not intended for children under the age of 13. [VUZ] does not knowingly or specifically collect information about children under the age of 13 and believes that children of any age should get their parents’ consent before giving out any personal information. We encourage you to participate in your child’s web experience.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT.
[VUZ] may amend this Privacy Statement from time to time. Use of information we collect now is subject to the Privacy Statement in effect at the time such information is used. If we make changes in the way we use personal information, we will notify you by posting an announcement on our Site or sending you an email. Users are bound by any changes to the Privacy Statement when he or she uses or otherwise accesses the Application after such changes have been first posted.
QUESTIONS OR CONCERNS.
If you have any questions or concerns regarding privacy on our Website, please send us a detailed message at info@vuz.com. We will make every effort to resolve your concerns.
Effective Date: January 1, 2022