Last updated: April 27, 2023
This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.
This Privacy Policy has been created with the help of the
Privacy Policy Generator
.
Interpretation and Definitions
Interpretation
The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.
Definitions
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:
Application
refers to EggTimerPlus, the software program provided by the Company.
Company
(referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to EggTimerPlus.
Country
refers to: Hessen,  Germany
Device
means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.
Personal Data
is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.
Service
refers to the Application.
You
means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.
Collecting and Using Your Personal Data
Types of Data Collected
We do not collect or store any personal data of you or your device using our service.
Links to Other Websites
Our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us. If You click on a third party link, You will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let You know via email and/or a prominent notice on Our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "Last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:
By email: info@nimzapps.de
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.privacypolicies.com/privacy-policy-generator/:
PrivacyPolicies.com
#1 Privacy Policy Generator
Free Privacy Policy Generator
Generating a Privacy Policy for your website or app can be confusing and time-consuming. Worse, hiring an attorney to do the same thing will likely cost you $1000+. There's no one-size-fits-all policy template (no matter what our competitors say!), and your Privacy Policy needs to be tailored to your website or app to do the job right.
With our Free Privacy Policy generator, you don't need to hire an expensive attorney or roll the dice on "borrowing" somebody else's template or copying & pasting a generic Privacy Policy.
We can help you generate a customized Privacy Policy in around three minutes for free.
Create your Privacy Policy today
Preview
Privacy laws require you to have a Privacy Policy
Your business will need a Privacy Policy to satisfy country-level privacy laws. Don't worry if you're not an expert on these, just tell us the countries where your business is available in.
CPRA, CCPA & CalOPPA
CPRA, CCPA & CalOPPA protect personal data belonging to residents of California. If you collect personal information online in the U.S, we'll make sure your Privacy Policy complies with CPRA, CCPA & CalOPPA laws.
GDPR
GDPR controls data privacy in the EU. If your business operates within an EU member state or collects personal data from EU citizens, we'll generate a Privacy Policy that includes the necessary GDPR wording.
The rest of the world
Our Privacy Policies are adapted to be a fit with major privacy laws around the world to keep your business safe.
Our Privacy Policy Generator
Third-party services require you to have a Privacy Policy
Third parties usually require websites to have a Privacy Policy.
Analytics (Google Analytics, etc.)
If you monitor website traffic using analytics tools like Google Analytics, we'll make sure your website's Privacy Policy meets their Terms and Conditions requirements.
Payments (PayPal, Stripe, etc.)
If you accept payments from users on your website or app, we'll make sure to include the necessary text in your PayPal as required by PayPal, Stripe, etc.
Ads & Remarketing (Google Ads, Facebook, etc.)
If you either display ads in your website or app or run marketing campaigns (such as remarketing), you need to comply with various third-party requirements on what to include in your Privacy Policy.
Link to your Privacy Policy from anywhere
Use your custom generated Privacy Policy anywhere: on your custom website, on your Wix website, on your WordPress blog, on your Facebook Page, it doesn't matter. We host your custom Privacy Policy for free and you can link to it from your website.
Download your Privacy Policy
If you prefer to host the generated Privacy Policy yourself, you can download it to your computer. We'll make the generated Privacy Policy available to you in multiple formats: HTML, plain text (.TXT file), DOCX or PDF.
Privacy Policy Generator FAQs
Our Privacy Policy Generator is both free and premium (you can choose!). You can choose to generate a free Privacy Policy or you can choose to generate a professional Privacy Policy.
You can choose to include GDPR text in the Privacy Policy as part of the Privacy Policy Generator steps.
You can choose to include CCPA text in the Privacy Policy as part of the Privacy Policy Generator steps.
You can choose your Privacy Policy to be generated for a website, for an app or for both.
Sub-policy 1
https://nimzapps.de/privacy.html:
General
Your personal data (e.g. title, name, house address, e-mail address, phone number, bank details, credit card number) are processed by us only in accordance with the provisions of German data privacy laws. The following provisions describe the type, scope and purpose of collecting, processing and utilizing personal data. This data privacy policy applies only to our web pages. If links on our pages route you to other pages, please inquire there about how your data are handled in such cases.
Inventory Data
(1) Your personal data, insofar as these are necessary for this contractual relationship (inventory data) in terms of its establishment, organization of content and modifications, are used exclusively for fulfilling the contract. For goods to be delivered, for instance, your name and address must be relayed to the supplier of the goods.
                                (2) Without your explicit consent or a legal basis, your personal data are not passed on to third parties outside the scope of fulfilling this contract. After completion of the contract, your data are blocked against further use. After expiry of deadlines as per tax-related and commercial regulations, these data are deleted unless you have expressly consented to their further use.
Web Analysis with Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service of Google Inc. (Google). Google Analytics uses cookies, i.e. text files stored on your computer to enable analysis of website usage by you. Information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is usually transmitted to a Google server in the United States and stored there. In case of activated IP anonymization on this website, however, your IP address is previously truncated by Google within member states of the European Union or in other states which are party to the agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases is a full IP address transmitted to a Google server in the United States and truncated there. On behalf this website's owner, Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, compile reports about website activities, and provide the website's operator with further services related to website and Internet usage. The IP address sent from your browser as part of Google Analytics is not merged with other data by Google. You can prevent storage of cookies by appropriately setting your browser software; in this case, however, please note that you might not be able to fully use all functions offered by this website. In addition, you can prevent data generated by the cookie and relating to your use of the website (including your IP address) from being collected and processed by Google, by downloading and installing a browser plug-in from the following link: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en
                                
                                This website uses Google Analytics with the extension "anonymizeIP()", IP addresses being truncated before further processing in order to rule out direct associations to persons.
Information about Cookies
(1) To optimize our web presence, we use cookies. These are small text files stored in your computer's main memory. These cookies are deleted after you close the browser. Other cookies remain on your computer (long-term cookies) and permit its recognition on your next visit. This allows us to improve your access to our site.
                                (2) You can prevent storage of cookies by choosing a "disable cookies" option in your browser settings. But this can limit the functionality of our Internet offers as a result.
Social Plug-Ins from Facebook
We use social plug-ins from facebook.com, operated by Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA. The plug-ins can be recognized by way of the Facebook logo or the supplement "Facebook Social Plug-in". For example, if you click on the "Like" button or leave a comment, the relevant information is transmitted directly from your browser to Facebook and stored there. Furthermore, Facebook makes your likes public for your Facebook friends. If you are logged into Facebook, it can assign the invocation of our page directly to your Facebook account. Even if you are not logged in or don't have a Facebook account, your browser sends information (e.g. which web pages you have called up, your IP address) which is then stored by Facebook. For details about handling of your personal data by Facebook and your related rights, please refer to the data privacy policy of Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/policy.php. If you do not want Facebook to map data collected about you via our Web sites to your Facebook account, you must log out of Facebook before you visit our web pages.
Social Plug-Ins from Twitter
With Twitter and its Retweet functions, we use social plug-ins from Twitter.com, operated by Twitter Inc. 795 Folsom St., Suite 600, San Francisco, CA 94107. If you use Retweet, the websites visited by you are announced to third parties and associated with your Twitter account. Details about handling of your data by Twitter as well as your rights and setting options for protecting your personal information can be found in Twitter's data privacy policy: http://twitter.com/privacy
Disclosure
According to the Federal Data Protection Act, you have a right to free-of-charge information about your stored data, and possibly entitlement to correction, blocking or deletion of such data. Inquiries can be directed to the following e-mail addresses: ( info@nimzapps.de )
Quelle: twigg.de
Home
iBodyShape
EggTimerPlus
Legal Disclosure
Privacy