© visitBerlin/placeit.net
Newsletter
Mit den Berlin News immer auf dem Laufenden bleiben!
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.paypal.com/uk/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full:
Back To Home Page
PayPal Privacy Statement
1. Overview
2. PayPal’s role as a data controller
3. Non-Account Holders and Fastlane Profile Users
4. Categories of Personal Data We Collect about You
5. What Personal Data is used and for which Legal Basis?
6. Do We Share Personal Data, and why?
7. How long does PayPal store your Personal Data?
8. International Transfers of Personal Data
9. How Do We Use Cookies and Tracking Technologies?
10. Your Data Protection Rights
11. Specific information about automated decision-making and profiling
12. Why do we share your Personal Data with credit reference agencies?
13. How Do We Protect Your Personal Data?
14. Can Children Use Our Services?
15. Updates to this Privacy Statement
16. Users in the UK
17. Definitions
18. Our Contact Information
Status disclosure
Download Printable PDF
PayPal Privacy Statement
Last updated on 1 February 2025
Please contact us if you have any questions regarding this Privacy Statement or in general questions regarding your Personal Data. Your information will be used to provide the Services and in accordance with this Privacy Statement and the relevant PayPal
User Agreement
.
1. Overview
PayPal UK Ltd (“we,” “our,” “us,” “PayPal”) provides this Privacy Statement to describe our use of your Personal Data when you use your PayPal account, Xoom account, visit our websites, apply for, or use our services (collectively, the “
Services
”). This Privacy Statement does not apply to Other Services, such as Hyperwallet. We encourage you to read this Privacy Statement and to use it to help you make informed decisions.
Certain capitalized terms that are not otherwise defined in the Statement are explained in the “
Definitions
” section below.
2. PayPal’s role as a data controller
In the United Kingdom (UK),
PayPal UK Ltd
is the data controller for the Personal Data collected and processed in connection with Personal Data obtained when you visit our website, during the registration and application process, and throughout your continued use of the services.
Some of the third-parties that we share Personal Data with are independent data controllers. This means that we are not the ones that dictate how the data that we share will be processed. Examples are authorities, credit bureaus, acquirers, and other financial institutions. When your data is shared with independent data controllers, their data policies will apply. We encourage you to read their privacy policies and know your privacy rights before interacting with them.
For more information about how we protect your Personal Data when transferred outside of the UK, please see Section 8, (“
International Transfers of Personal Data
”).
For most of our Services, we act as a “data controller”, however there are some products and features where PayPal may also act as a “data processor” when providing services to our Partners and Merchants.  The “data controller” (each as defined under applicable data protection laws) is the entity that has the control over the purposes and means by which the data processing is performed.  The “data processor” (each as defined under applicable data protection laws) is the entity that processes the Personal Information for the data controller, for the data controller’s specific purposes, and as otherwise permitted under applicable data protection laws.
3. Non-Account Holders and Fastlane Profile Users
Our Services may be accessed by individuals without a PayPal or Xoom account. We will collect Personal Data from you even if you are a non-account holder when you use our Services, such as when you use our Pay Without a PayPal account, use Unbranded Payment Services (e.g. Braintree), use PayPal Groups, use a Fastlane profile, or when you receive a payment through our Services from account holders (“Recipient”). If you use Pay Without a PayPal account, we may link your transaction information with your PayPal account, if you have one at the time you use the Service without logging in, or if you create a PayPal account later. We use the term “User” to apply to account and non-account holders. If you are a non-account holder, your Personal Data will be used to provide the Services and in accordance with this Privacy Statement and the relevant PayPal
User Agreement
.
With a Fastlane profile, individuals can store their payment methods and other Personal Data with PayPal so that they can complete the checkout process faster, create a store or loyalty account, or facilitate other transactions at participating Partners and Merchants with payment card, contact information, shipping data or other data they save in their Fastlane profile as relevant to the specific interaction, participating Partner or Merchant, all without having to manually input payment method details and other Personal Data each time they check out (“Fastlane”).
When you create a Fastlane profile, PayPal will store your Personal Data, including your name, email, phone number, address information,  billing information and payment method details, and other data that will be relevant to specific Partner or Merchant interactions, and pre-populate that information in the checkout flows or other interactive features of participating Partners and Merchants so that you can enjoy a faster Partner and Merchant experience by not having to manually input your payment or other information. We will also collect transaction and other Partner or Merchant data related to your purchases and other Partner and Merchant interactions when you use Fastlane. If you have a Fastlane profile, we may recognize you as a Fastlane user when you shop on the participating Partners and Merchants sites and we may prompt you to engage in participating Partner or Merchant interactions, such as register for a store or loyalty account  using your Fastlane profile information. If you choose to interact with participating Partners or Merchants through Fastlane, you agree to let PayPal disclose your Fastlane profile information to the Participating Partners and Merchants and their service providers, and to facilitate your transaction and shopping experience on the participating Partners and Merchants sites.
When you shop on Partner and Merchant sites, the Partner and Merchant may disclose Personal Data with PayPal that we will use in accordance with this Privacy Statement and the relevant PayPal user agreement.
4. Categories of Personal Data We Collect about You
We collect the following categories of information about you to provide our Services, continually improve your user experience, manage and improve our business. The types of Personal Data we collect about you are described below.
Categories of Personal Data
collected from you
,
including from your interactions with us and use of the Services:
Registration and Contact Information
. Depending on the Services you choose, we will collect your name, mailing address, email, income, telephone number, tax ID, Payment Information, profession, employment or business information, and other information necessary to establish an account or profile and use our Services.
Identification and Signature Information
. Depending on the Services you choose, we will collect information to verify your name, address, email, phone number, government- issued identification, age and biometric data as well as to create and issue your electronic signature.
Payment Information
. Information such as amount you send or request, your payment instrument, card, or financial or funding account used in connection with the Services, including issuer name, card type, country code, payment account number, CVV, username, and IBAN information.
Information about your imported contacts
. If you choose to import your contact lists, we will collect Information you enter or import about your contacts, such as name, address, phone number, images, email address or usernames associated with the contacts you import or enter manually.
Information in your PayPal Account Profile.
Information you choose to enter such as your username, email, mobile number, profile picture, preferred language, or personal description which may include sensitive Personal Data that reveals religious beliefs, political or philosophical views, disability, sexual orientation as well as biometric data. You can set your profile to “Private” at any time.
Information you provide when you contact us
. Information you disclose when you respond to surveys, or contact our customer support teams, such as Services you have used, recorded conversations, chat conversations with us, email correspondence with us, account or profile status, repayment history, voice identification. This may include information about others if you choose to share it with us.
Device Information.
Information that can be automatically collected from any device used to access the Site or Services. Such information may include, but is not limited to, your device type; your device’s network connections; your device’s name; your device IP address; information about your device’s web browser and internet connection you use to access the Site or Services; Geolocation Information; information about apps downloaded to your device; and biometric data.
Inferred data.
We may derive inferences from your transactions and personal data when you use the Services. We do this, for example, to help keep your account and profile secure and protect your use of the Services from fraud. We may draw inferences that reflect your behaviour patterns and personal preferences, browsing and purchasing habits, and creditworthiness.
Categories of Personal Data
collected from third parties,
including from identity verification vendors, data brokers, vendors that help us with fraud detection, your bank, Partners and Merchants or third party platforms you engage with using our Services:
Information from your connected third party accounts
. If you choose to connect non-financial or financial account such as your personal email, social media, or bank or credit accounts, we will collect information consistent with the disclosed purpose for which it was linked. For example, if you choose to participate in
Open Banking
, we will collect account credentials, account balances, account transactions, and information about your financial standing from your linked accounts. You may change your mind about use of this feature and unlink your connected accounts at any time.
Information from Credit Reporting Agencies
. Where permitted by law, we collect credit-related information such as outstanding and historical debt, repayment history, previous credit approvals, current employment relationship, and relationship with other financial institutions within the framework of your use of our Services.
Transaction Information
. Information about your order details and purchases, such as item description, quantity, price, currency, shipping address, online shopping cart information, seller and buyer information, and Payment Information. This includes information from your transactions where you use our Services without a PayPal account (e.g. Guest checkout).
Information related to legal requirements
. Consistent with applicable law (such as anti-money laundering laws), this may include information from external sanction lists such as name, date of birth, place of birth, occupation, and the reason why the person is on the list in question.
Third party applications
. Information from others from your use of third-party applications, such as the Apple App Store or Google Play Store, social networking sites, such as name, your social network ID, Location Information, email, device ID, browser ID, and profile picture. Your use of third-party applications is subject to the privacy notice and terms of service for such applications.
Categories of Personal Data automatically collected about you, including through your access to our website or mobile app, from cookies and similar tracking technologies, and your devices:
Technical Usage Data
. Information about response time for web pages, download errors and date and time when you used the service, such as your IP address, statistics regarding how pages are loaded or viewed, the websites you visited before coming to the Sites and other usage and browsing information collected through Cookies (“
Technical Usage Data
”).
Information from your device
. Information about your language settings, IP address, browser ID, device ID, cookie preferences, time zone, operating system, platform, screen resolution and similar information about your device settings, and data collected from cookies or other tracking technologies,
Location Information
. Information from IP-based geolocation such as latitude and longitude data, and Global Positioning System (GPS) information when you give us permission through your device settings.
Inferred data
. Inferences drawn to create a profile about you that may reflect behavior patterns and personal preferences, such as gender, income, browsing and purchasing habits, and creditworthiness.
5. What Personal Data is used and for which Legal Basis?
We may
process
your Personal Data for a variety of reasons that are permitted under data protection laws applicable in the UK and in accordance with the lawful bases below:
We collect the following Personal Data we consider
necessary to fulfil our pre-contractual and contractual obligations
to you and without which you will not be able to use the Services.
Necessary categories of Personal Data include:
Registration and Contact Information
Identification and Signature Information
Payment Information
Information related to legal requirements
Information you provide when you contact us
Transaction information
Package Tracking
Service-specific Personal Data
Information from credit reporting agencies and financial institutions
Information from your connected financial accounts
Information from your use of the Services
Technical usage data
Device information
Location data
These activities include
:
to provide our Services, to fulfil relevant agreements with you and to otherwise administer our business relationship with you. If you are using Fastlane, we will also use your Personal Data and payment method details to determine whether the payment you are making with a participating Partner or Merchant is authorised by you and likely to be successfully authorised by the payment method you choose to use when you make a purchase using details from your Fastlane profile.
to administer your payment for products and the customer relationship.
to assess your creditworthiness in connection with your application, confirm your identity and your contact information, and protect you and others from fraud.
to confirm your identity, also through the use of electronic signature, and verify your personal and contact details.
to prove that transactions have been executed.
to establish, exercise or defend a legal claim or collection procedures.
to comply with internal procedures.
to assess which payment options and services to offer you, for example by carrying out internal and external credit assessments.
for customer analysis, to administer our Services, and for internal operations, for example troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research and statistical purposes.
to communicate with you in relation to our Services.
to comply with applicable UK laws, such as anti-money laundering and booking keeping laws and rules issued by our designated banks and relevant card networks.
We have a legitimate interest in ensuring that PayPal remains a secure financial service and continuing to offer services that are innovative and of interest to you. We do this where
our legitimate interests are not outweighed by your right not to have your data processed for this purpose
.
These activities include:
to ensure that content is presented in the most effective way for you and your device.
to prevent misuse of our Services as part of our efforts to keep our platform safe and secure.
to determine your eligibility for and to communicate with you about Services for which you may qualify or that may be of interest to you, for example by carrying out internal credit assessments.
to carry out risk analysis, fraud prevention and risk management.
to improve our Services and for general business development purposes, for example improving risk models to minimize fraud, develop new products and features and explore new business opportunities.
To keep your account, profile and financial information accurate and up to date.
for marketing, product and customer analysis, including testing, for example to improve our product range and optimize our customer offerings.
to comply with applicable laws, such as anti-money laundering, bookkeeping laws, regulatory capital adequacy requirements, and rules issued by our designated banks and relevant card networks. For example, when we process Personal Data for know-your-customer (“KYC”) requirements, to prevent, detect and investigate money laundering, terrorist financing and fraud. We also carry out sanction screening, report to tax authorities, police enforcement authorities, enforcement authorities, supervisory authorities where we are not compelled by UK law but where we have a good faith belief that sharing the information is necessary to comply with applicable law.
to facilitate your participation in competitions, offerings, and events.
to conduct financial risk management obligations such as credit performance and quality, insurance risks and compliance with capital adequacy requirements under applicable law
to process information about your contacts to make it easy for you to find and connect them and improve payment accuracy.
By providing us with information about your contacts you certify that you have permission to provide that information to PayPal for the purposes described in this Privacy Statement.
to provide you with information, news, and marketing about our Services, including where we partner with others to offer similar services.
to associate information about you to identify your use of Services without a PayPal account (e.g. Pay Without a PayPal account), and to associate such transactions with your PayPal account, if you have one or later establish an account.
to remember your preferences for the next time you use the Services, such as which of your payment methods you prefer or whether you choose to receive digital receipts via email or text when you checkout.
We have a legal obligation under UK laws to conduct certain processing activities.
We do this where it is necessary to comply with applicable laws
.
These activities include:
to provide our Services and products.
to certify your identity, also for signature purposes, and verify your personal and contact details.
to establish, exercise or defend a legal claim or collection procedures.
to prevent misuse of our Services as part of our efforts to keep our platform safe and secure.
to carry out risk analysis, fraud prevention and risk management.
to comply with applicable laws, such as anti-money laundering and bookkeeping laws and regulatory capital adequacy requirements and rules issued by our designated banks and relevant card networks. For example, when we process Personal Data for know-your-customer (“KYC”) requirements, to prevent, detect and investigate money laundering, terrorist financing and fraud. We also carry out sanction screening, report to tax authorities, police enforcement authorities, enforcement authorities, supervisory authorities.
We rely on your explicit and voluntary consent
to process your Personal Data to participate in certain features that while not necessary for use of the Services may be of interest to you, such as syncing your contact list to your account, providing biometric data, targeted advertising, linking your email account for package tracking or connecting to a third-party platform. You may change your mind about use of these features at any time through your account settings. Note that withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we have conducted prior to your withdrawal. Please refer to Section 10 (“
Your data protection rights
”) for more information on your right to withdraw your consent.
6. Do We Share Personal Data, and why?
We will share your Personal Data with third parties where there is a lawful basis to do so.
This includes:
With other Other Services
, in order to provide you with the Services and for our own legitimate interests in conducting our business. These interests are described further in Section 5 (“
What Personal Data is used and for which legal basis?
”)
.
With authorities
, to the extent we are under a legal obligation to do so. Such authorities include tax authorities, police authorities, enforcement authorities and supervisory authorities in relevant countries. We may also be required to provide competent authorities information about your use of our Services, for example revenue or tax authorities, which may include your name, address and information regarding card transactions processed by us on your behalf through our Services. The legal basis for complying with disclosure obligations under UK law is legal obligation and where acting under non-UK law, on the basis of our legitimate interest to comply with relevant laws to deter illegal conduct.
With other financial institutions and card networks
, for example to facilitate payment processing, to jointly offer a product or to add cards to your electronic wallet. For payment transactions with Fastlane, your Personal Data will be shared with the provider of the payment services for the participating Partner and Merchant to enable the processing of the payment transaction. The payment provider for the Partner and Merchant may be PayPal or a third party payment provider. The legal basis for our disclosure is performance of our contract with you. These parties may also access your Personal Data for other legitimate purposes such as identity verification, fraud prevention and risk management. The legal basis for this processing is the legitimate interest of ourselves and our Partners and Merchants to deter fraudulent and illegal conduct.
With fraud prevention and identity verification agencies
, for example to assist us in detecting activities suggestive of fraud. The legal basis for this processing is the legitimate interest of ourselves and our Partners and Merchants to deter fraudulent and illegal conduct.
With debt collection agencies,
for example to collect unpaid overdue debts through a third party such as a debt collection agency. We do this on the basis of our legitimate interest to conduct business and recover debts. Please be aware that these parties’ privacy notice applies to the processing of Personal Data that you share directly with them, and they may report your unpaid debts to credit reporting agencies which may affect your creditworthiness or ability to secure future credit.
With service providers
that operate at our direction and on our behalf to perform services we outsource to them, such as marketing, IT development, maintenance, hosting and support and customer service operations. The legal basis for this processing is the performance of our contractual obligations to you.
With other Users in accordance with your account settings
. You may display or make certain information available to other Users, such as your profile photo, first and last name, username, or city in accordance with your account settings. The legal basis for this processing is your consent. Please note that you can change your profile settings at any time and at no cost to you.
With financial institutions in connection with your participation in Open Banking
, for example when you initiate an account connection with another bank, card account, or aggregator. We do this to check if you have sufficient funds or confirm your ownership of the account. When you choose to link your account the legal basis for accessing your account data is performance of our contractual obligations to you.
With Partners and Merchants, their service providers and others involved in a transaction
, for example when you use the Services to initiate online purchases, save your payment information with Fastlane, pay other Users, use the Services, or return goods we may share information about you and your account or Fastlane profile with the other parties (or their service providers) involved in processing your transactions. The legal basis for this processing is the performance of our contractual obligations to you and for our legitimate interests. We may also disclose Personal Data to Partners and Merchants to enable their use of our Services to facilitate your transactions. For example, when you visit a participating Merchant site or app, the Merchant can check whether you are a user of PayPal services and present a recommended payment method to you to simplify your checkout process. If you choose to interact with participating Partners and Merchants through Fastlane, we will disclose your Fastlane profile information with the participating Partners and Merchants and their services providers, and facilitate your transaction, shopping experience or other interaction on participating Partners and Merchants sites.
Please note that Personal Data shared with Partners and Merchants (or their service providers) involved in a transaction is subject to the Partners and Merchants’ own privacy policies and procedures.  We are not responsible for the privacy or security practices of Partners and Merchants.
With third parties that are independent data controllers
, for example when we share Personal Data to credit reference agencies, acquirers and other financial institutions, or security products to prevent bots from accessing our Services.
Please be aware that these parties’ privacy notice applies to the processing of Personal Data that you share directly with them
. For example, we use Google’s reCAPTCHA to prevent misuse of our Services, when you access our mobile application. Google’s
Privacy Policy
and
Terms of Use
apply to the processing of Personal Data you share with them. For more information specific to credit reference agencies we partner to assess your creditworthiness, see Section 12, (“
Credit Reference Agency Information Notice
”).
With buyers or in connection with business transfer
, for example if we sell business or assets, we may share your Personal Data to a buyer of those business or assets. If PayPal or a significant portion of PayPal’s assets are acquired by a third party, Personal Data may also be shared. PayPal has a legitimate interest in being able to carry out these transactions.
7. How long does PayPal store your Personal Data?
We retain Personal Data for as long as needed or permitted in context of the purpose for which it was collected and consistent with applicable law.
The criteria used to determine our retention period is as follows:
Personal Data used for the ongoing relationship between you and PayPal is stored for the duration of the relationship plus a period of 10 years
Personal Data in relation to a legal obligation to which we are subject is retained consistent with the applicable law, such as under applicable bankruptcy laws and AML obligations.
We retain Personal Data for the least amount of time necessary where retention is advisable in light of litigation, investigations, audit and compliance practices, or to protect against legal claims.
8. International Transfers of Personal Data
We operate in many countries, and we (or our service providers) may move your data and process it outside the country where you live. We use third-party service providers to process and store your information in the United States and other countries. These countries do not always afford an equivalent level of privacy protection. We have taken specific steps, in accordance with UK data protection laws, to protect your Personal Data. For transfers of Personal Data from the EU within PayPal and Other Services, we rely on Binding Corporate Rules approved by competent Supervisory Authorities (available
here
). For transfers of personal data from the UK, these are based on the UK Addendum (approved by the Information Commissioner’s Office) to the EU standard contractual clauses, approved by the European Commission, to help ensure your information is afforded a high standard of protection and that your privacy rights are respected.
9. How Do We Use Cookies and Tracking Technologies?
When you interact with our Services, open email we send you, or visit a third-party website for which we provide Services, we and our partners use cookies and other tracking technologies such as pixel tags, web beacons, and widgets (collectively, “
Cookies
”) to recognise you as a User, customise your online experiences and online content, including to serve you interest-based advertising, perform analytics; mitigate risk and prevent potential fraud, and promote trust and safety across our Sites and Services. Certain aspects and features of our Services and Sites are only available through the use of Cookies, so if you decline certain Cookies, your use of the Sites and Services may be limited or not possible.
We use Cookies to collect your device information, internet activity information, and inferences as described above.
Cookies help us to do the following:
Remember your information so you do not have to re-enter it
Track and understand how you use and interact with our online services and emails
Tailor our online services to your preferences
Measure how useful and effective our services and communications are to you
Otherwise manage and enhance our products and services
Do Not Track (DNT) is an optional browser setting that allows you to express your preferences regarding tracking by advertisers and other third parties. At this time our Sites are not designed to respond to DNT signals or similar mechanisms from browsers.
Please review our
Statement on Cookies and Tracking Technologies
to learn more about our use of Cookies.
10. Your Data Protection Rights
Under applicable data protection law, you have certain rights to control our collection and use of your Personal Data. Your rights include:
Access, rectification, deletion, objection, portability, and restriction of your Personal Data
We recognize the importance of your ability to control use of your Personal Data and provide several ways for you to exercise your rights to access (right to know), rectification (correction or update), deletion (erasure), objection, portability (transferring), and to restrict process in whole or in part.
If you have an account you can exercise your data protection rights by accessing “Data and Privacy” from account settings in the PayPal app. If you, or an authorised agent, want to exercise any of your rights relating to your Personal Data in your Fastlane profile, contact us at the number provided in the Our Contact Information section or submit your request from your Fastlane profile management portal.
Even if you do not you have a PayPal account (for example, where you use Pay without a PayPal account), you can submit a request for access, modification, correction, or deletion of your information Personal Data by contacting us at the number provided in the Our Contact Information section. You can submit a request related to someone else’s information, if you are their authorised agent, by contacting us. Please note that we may require you to provide additional information for verification.
Your right to object to the Automated Decisions and profiling
If you are not approved under the Automated Decisions described below, you will not have access to our services, such as our payment methods. PayPal has several safety mechanisms to ensure the decisions are appropriate. These mechanisms include ongoing overviews of our decision models and random sampling in individual cases. If you have any concern about the outcome, you can
contact us
, and we will determine whether the procedure was performed appropriately.
You have the right to object to an Automated Decision with legal consequences or decisions which can otherwise significantly affect you (together with the relevant profiling) by
contacting us
. We will then review the decision, taking into account relevant additional circumstances.
Consent
Generally, if we use your Personal Data with your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your Personal Data conducted in reliance on a lawful processing ground other than consent.
Right to object to Direct Marketing
If we use your Personal Data for direct marketing, you can always modify your permissions, object and opt out of future direct marketing messages using the unsubscribe link in electronic communications or through your account or profile settings.
Right to object to Legitimate Interest processing
If we use your Personal Data to pursue our legitimate interests or those of a third-party, you have the right to object to our use for that purpose. See Section 5 (“
What Personal Data is used and for which Legal Basis?
”)
How do you exercise your rights and how can you contact us or the data protection authority?
If you are unhappy with our processing of your Personal Data for any reason, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority for data protection in your country.
By contacting our Data Protection Officer, please see Section 18 (“
Our Contact Information
”).
You may also seek a remedy through
local courts
if you believe your rights have been breached.
You may also lodge a complaint with your local data protection authority, which in the UK is the Information Commissioner’s Office: website: https://ico.org.uk/, address: Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire, SK9 5AF.
11. Specific information about automated decision-making and profiling
“
Automated-decision making”
is the process of making a decision by fully automated means without human involvement. In some cases these decisions
could have a legal or similarly significant
effect on you as an individual. “
Profiling
” means analysis of an individual's personality, behaviour, interest and habits to make predictions or decisions about them. Where authorised under UK law or where necessary for the entry into or performance of a contract, we may in some cases use automated decision-making or profiling for decisions. An example of our use of automated decision making is evaluation of your creditworthiness to assess your suitability for certain credit products.
We believe that by making such decisions automatically, PayPal increases its objectivity and transparency in deciding which services to offer you. We deploy several safety mechanisms to ensure the decisions are appropriate. These mechanisms include ongoing overviews of our decision models and random sampling in individual cases. You can always ask for a manual decision-making process instead, express your opinion or contest decision making based solely on automated processing, including profiling, if such a decision would produce
legal effects or otherwise similarly significantly affect you
. You can find out more about how to object to these decisions in Section 10
(“Your data protection rights”)
.
Contact our Data Protection Officer (DPO)
Online
if you require more information on our use of Automated-decision making or Profiling.
12. Why do we share your Personal Data with credit reference agencies?
If you have applied for or use our credit Services, in order to process your application, we may supply your Personal Data to credit reference agencies (CRAs) and they will give us information about you, such as your financial history. We do this to assess creditworthiness and product suitability, check your identity, trace and recover debts and prevent criminal activity.
The legal bases for such transmissions are found in Article 6, paragraph 1, letter b (contractual) and Article 6, paragraph 1, letter f (legitimate interest) of the UK General Data Protection Regulation (“UK GDPR”).
We will also continue to exchange information about you with CRAs on an ongoing basis, including about your settled accounts and any debts not fully repaid on time. This information may be supplied by CRAs to other organizations to perform similar checks and to trace your whereabouts and recover debts that you owe.
Your data will also be linked to the data of any joint applicants or other financial associates.
How to Find Out More
Contact our Data Protection Officer (DPO)
Online
for details of which CRA we have used for a specific search.
The list of CRAs used in the UK and EEA, can be found
here
, including identities of the CRAs used in each relevant country, and a link to their privacy notice from which you can determine the ways in which they use and share Personal Data, including how long they will retain such Personal Data. You can contact the credit reference agencies operating in the country in which you live directly if you have any questions regarding their services, your credit score or the information they have stored about you, or if you wish to exercise your data subject rights towards them.
13. How Do We Protect Your Personal Data?
We maintain technical, physical, and administrative security measures designed to provide reasonable protection for your Personal Data against loss, misuse, unauthorised access, disclosure, and alteration. The security measures include firewalls, data encryption, physical access controls to our data centres, and information access authorisation controls. While we are dedicated to securing our systems and Services, you are responsible for securing and maintaining the privacy of your password(s) and account/profile registration information and verifying that the Personal Data we maintain about you is accurate and current. We are not responsible for protecting any Personal Data that we share with a third-party based on an account connection that you have authorised.
14. Can Children Use Our Services?
We do not knowingly collect information, including Personal Data, from children under the age of 16 or other individuals who are not legally able to use our Sites and Services. If we obtain actual knowledge that we have collected Personal Data from someone not allowed to use our Services, we will promptly delete it, unless we are legally obligated to retain such data.
Please
contact us
if you believe that we have mistakenly or unintentionally collected information from someone not allowed to use our Services.
15. Updates to this Privacy Statement
We revise this Privacy Statement from time to time to reflect changes to our business, Services, or applicable laws. If the revised version requires notice in accordance with applicable law, we will provide you with 30 days prior notice by posting notice of the change on the "
Policy Updates
" or "
Privacy Statement
" page of our website, otherwise the revised Privacy Statement will be effective as of the published effective date. If you are a new User or are receiving this Privacy Statement for the first time and there is an upcoming change described on the
Policy Updates
or Privacy Statement page at the time you receive this Privacy Statement, such upcoming change will apply to you on the indicated effective date.
16. Users in the UK
In order to provide the PayPal Services, certain of the information we collect (as set out in this Privacy Statement) may be required to be transferred to other PayPal related companies or other entities, including those referred to in this section in their capacity as payment providers, payment processors or account holders (or similar capacities). You acknowledge that according to their local legislation, such entities may be subject to laws, regulations, inquiries, investigations, or orders which may require the disclosure of information to the relevant authorities of the relevant country.
Specifically, you acknowledge that PayPal may do any and all of the following with your information:
Disclose necessary information to: the police and other law enforcement agencies; security forces; competent governmental, intergovernmental or supranational bodies; competent agencies, departments, regulatory authorities, self-regulatory authorities or organisations and other third parties, including PayPal Group companies, that (i) we are legally compelled and permitted to comply with, including but without limitation laws implementing the US Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (“FATCA”) and OECD Common Reporting Standard (“CRS”); (ii) we have reason to believe it is appropriate for us to cooperate with in investigations of fraud or other illegal activity or potential illegal activity, or (iii) to conduct investigations of violations of our User Agreement (including without limitation, your funding source or credit or debit card provider).
If you are covered by FATCA or CRS, we are required to give you notice of the information about you that we may transfer to various authorities.
We and other organisations, including parties that accept PayPal, may also share, access and use (including from other countries) necessary information (including, without limitation the information recorded by fraud prevention agencies) to help us and them assess and to manage risk (including, without limitation, to prevent fraud, money laundering and terrorist financing). Please contact us if you want to receive further details of the relevant fraud prevention agencies.
Disclose account Information to intellectual property right owners if under applicable law they have a claim against PayPal for an out-of-court information disclosure due to an infringement of their intellectual property rights for which PayPal Services have been used.
Disclose necessary information in response to the requirements of the credit card associations or a civil or criminal legal process.
Disclose your name and PayPal link in the PayPal user directory. Your details will be confirmed to other PayPal users in response to a user searching using your name, email address or telephone number, or part of these details. This is to ensure people make payments to the correct user. This feature can be turned off in the PayPal profile settings.
If you as a Partner and Merchant use a third party to access or integrate PayPal, we may disclose to any such third party necessary information for the purpose of facilitating and maintaining such an arrangement (including, without limitation, the status of your PayPal integration, whether you have an active PayPal account and whether you may already be working with a different PayPal integration partner).
Disclose necessary information to the payment processors, auditors, customer services providers, credit reference and fraud agencies, financial products providers, commercial partners, marketing and public relations companies, operational services providers, group companies, agencies, marketplaces and other third parties listed here. The purpose of this disclosure is to allow us to provide PayPal Services to you. We also set out in the list of third parties, under each "Category", non-exclusive examples of the actual third parties (which may include their assigns and successors) to whom we currently disclose your account information or to whom we may consider disclosing your account information, together with the purpose of doing so, and the actual information we disclose (except as explicitly stated, these third parties are limited by law or by contract from using the information for secondary purposes beyond the purposes for which the information was shared).
Disclose necessary information to your agent or legal representative (such as the holder of a power of attorney that you grant, or a guardian appointed for you).
Disclose aggregated statistical data with our business partners or for public relations. For example, we may disclose that a specific percentage of our users live in Manchester. However, this aggregated information is not tied to Personal Data.
Share necessary account information with unaffiliated third parties (listed here) for their use for the following purposes:
Fraud Prevention and Risk Management: to help prevent fraud or assess and manage risk.
Customer Service: for customer service purposes, including to help service your accounts or resolve disputes (e.g., billing or transactional).
Shipping: in connection with shipping and related services for purchases made using PayPal.
Legal Compliance: to help them comply with anti-money laundering and counter-terrorist financing verification requirements.
Service Providers: to enable service providers under contract with us to support our business operations, such as fraud prevention, bill collection, marketing, customer service and technology services. Our contracts dictate that these service providers only use your information in connection with the services they perform for us and not for their own benefit.
17. Definitions
Device Information means data that can be automatically collected from any device used to access the Site or Services. Such information may include, but is not limited to, your device type; your device’s network connections; your device’s name; your device IP address; information about your device’s web browser and internet connection you use to access the Site or Services; Geolocation Information; information about apps downloaded to your device; and biometric data.
Other Services means companies or separate brands, affiliates or subsidiaries of PayPal, Inc., and who process Personal Data in accordance with their terms of service and privacy policies. Examples include Honey Science LLC, Paidy Inc., and Hyperwallet.
Geolocation Information means information that identifies, with precise specificity, your location by using, for instance, longitude and latitude coordinates obtained through your GPS, or your device settings.
Location Information means information that identifies, with reasonable specificity, your approximate location by using, for instance, longitude and latitude coordinates obtained through GPS or Wi-Fi or cell site triangulation.
Partner and Merchant means the merchant or business that our Users transact with for the purpose of obtaining goods or services.
Pay Without a PayPal account means our Services may be accessed by individuals without using a PayPal account, a Fastlane profile, or the Unbranded Payment Services.
PayPal means PayPal UK Ltd, which offers PayPal, Xoom, Unbranded Payment Services and Fastlane profile services.
Personal Data means information that can be associated with an identified or directly or indirectly identifiable natural person. “Personal Data” can include, but is not limited to, name, postal address (including billing and shipping addresses), telephone number, email address, payment card number, other financial account information, account number, date of birth, government-issued credentials (e.g., driver’s license number, national ID, passport number), and biometrics.
Processing means any method or way that we handle Personal Data or sets of Personal Data, whether by automated means, such as by collection, recording, categorization, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, and consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction of Personal Data.
Services  means any PayPal Unbranded Payment Services, Pay Without a PayPal account, PayPal Groups, Fastlane, Xoom, credit products and services, content, features, technologies, or functions, and all related websites, applications and services offered to you by PayPal, with the exception of the Other Services. Your use of the Services includes use of our Sites.
Sites means the websites, mobile apps, official social media platforms, or other online properties through which PayPal offers the Services and which has posted or linked to this Privacy Statement.
Unbranded Payment Services means you are interacting with and making payments to Partners and Merchants using our card and/or direct debit payment services that do not carry the PayPal brand, or when you use our Braintree services.
User is any person who uses the Services as a consumer for personal or household use. For the purposes of this Notice, “User” includes “you” and “your”.
18. Our Contact Information
Contact our Data Protection Officer (DPO)
Online
or offline at PayPal UK Ltd at 5 Fleet Place, London, United Kingdom, EC4M 7RD.
Click
here
to contact us about your PayPal Account or Service or Unbranded Payment Services.
Click
here
to contact us about your Xoom Account or Service.
To contact us about your Fastlane profile: visit your Fastlane profile management portal.
Status disclosure
PayPal UK Ltd is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) as an electronic money institution (firm reference number 994790); in relation to its regulated consumer credit activities (firm reference number 996405); and for the provision of cryptocurrency services (firm reference number 1000741). Some products and services, such as PayPal Pay in 3 and PayPal Working Capital, are not regulated by the FCA and may offer a lower level of protection. Please read product terms for further details. PayPal UK Ltd's company number is 14741686. Its registered office is 5 Fleet Place, London, United Kingdom, EC4M 7RD.
Sub-policy 1
https://payments.google.com/payments/apis-se-cure/get_legal_document?ldo=0&ldt=privacynotice&ldl=en:
Sign in
with your Google Account to continue to Google Pay. This account will be available to other Google apps in the browser.
Email or phone
Forgot email?
Type the text you hear or see
Not your computer? Use Guest mode to sign in privately.
Learn more about using Guest mode
Next
Create account
For my personal use
For my child
For work or my business
Sign in with your Google Account to continue to Google Pay. This account will be available to other Google apps in the browser.
Sub-policy 2
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/policy/?entry_point=about_fb:
Privacy Center home
Search
Privacy topics
More privacy resources
Privacy Policy
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
What information do we collect?
How do we use your information?
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
How do we share information with third parties?
How do the Meta Companies work together?
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
How long do we keep your information?
How do we transfer information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
How will you know the Policy has changed?
How to contact Meta with questions
Legal basis information
Other policies and articles
Settings
Privacy Policy
How we use info for AI at Meta
Based on feedback from regulators, we’re still delaying our plans to use your information from Meta Products to develop and improve
AI at Meta
. We’ll let you know before we start using this information for this purpose, and how you can exercise your right to object.
Other updates
We're updating our Privacy Policy. The updates go into effect on April 7, 2025.
Read the new policy.
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
Effective November 14, 2024
|
View printable version
|
See previous versions
Highlights
We at Meta want you to understand what information we collect, and how we use and share it. That’s why we encourage you to read our Privacy Policy. This helps you use
Meta Products
in the way that’s right for you.
In the Privacy Policy, we explain how we collect, use, share, retain and transfer information. We also let you know your rights. Each section of this Policy includes helpful examples and simpler language to make our practices easier to understand. We’ve also added links to resources where you can learn more about the privacy topics that interest you.
It's important to us that you know how to control your privacy, so we also show you where you can manage your information in the settings of the Meta Products you use. You can
update these settings
to shape your experience.
Read the full Policy below.
What Products does this Policy cover?
Learn more in Privacy Center about managing your privacy
What information do we collect?
Highlights
The information we collect and process about you depends on how you use our
Products
. For example, we collect different information if you sell furniture on Marketplace than if you post a reel on Instagram. When you use our Products, we collect some information about you
even if you don't have an account
.
Here's the information we collect:
Your activity and information you provide
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
Information from partners, vendors and other third parties
What if you don’t let us collect certain information?
Some information is required for our Products to work. Other information is optional, but without it, the quality of your experience might be affected.
Learn more
What if the information we collect doesn’t identify individuals?
In some cases information is de-identified, aggregated, or anonymized by third parties so that it no longer identifies individuals before it’s made available to us. We use this information as described below without trying to re-identify individuals.
Take control
Manage the information we collect about you
Privacy Center
How do we use your information?
Highlights
We use
information we collect
to provide a personalized experience to you, including ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products), along with the other purposes we explain in detail below.
For some of these purposes, we use information
across our Products
from the accounts you choose to add to your Accounts Center, and
across your devices
. The information we use for these purposes is automatically processed by our systems. But in some cases, we also use
manual review
to access and review your information.
To use less information that’s connected to individual users, in some cases we de-identify or aggregate information or anonymize it so that it no longer identifies you. We use this information in the same ways we use your information as described in this section.
Here are the ways we use your information:
To provide, personalize and improve our Products
We use information we have to provide and improve our
Products
. This includes personalizing features, content and
recommendations
, such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
, Stories and ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products). We use
information with special protections
you choose to provide for these purposes, but not to show you ads.
Read more about how we use information to provide, personalize and improve our Products:
How we show ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
How we use information to improve our Products
How we use location-related information
To promote safety, security and integrity
We use information we collect to help protect people from harm and provide safe, secure Products.
Learn more
To provide measurement, analytics and business services
Lots of people rely on our Products to run or promote their businesses or share content. We help them measure how well their ads and other content, products and services are working.
Learn more
To communicate with you
We communicate with you using information you've given us, like contact information you've entered on your profile.
Learn more
To research and innovate for social good
We use information we have, information from researchers and datasets from publicly available sources, professional groups and non-profit groups to conduct and support research.
Learn more
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
Highlights
On Meta Products
Learn more about the different cases when your information can be shared on our
Products
:
People and accounts you share and communicate with
Content others share or reshare about you
Public content
With integrated partners
You can choose to connect with
integrated partners
who use our Products. If you do, these integrated partners receive information about you and your activity.
These integrated partners can always access information that’s public on our Products. Learn more about other information they receive and how they handle your information:
When you use an integrated partner’s product or service
When you interact with someone else’s content on an integrated partner’s product or service
How integrated partners handle your information
Take control
Learn more about audiences
Privacy Center
Manage apps and websites
How do we share information with third parties?
Highlights
We don't sell any of your information to anyone, and we never will. We also require
partners
and other
third parties
to follow rules about how they can and cannot use and disclose the information we provide.
Here’s more detail about who we share information with:
Partners
Advertisers and Audience Network publishers (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
Partners who use our analytics services
Partners who offer goods or services on our Products and commerce services platforms
Integrated partners
Vendors
Measurement vendors
Marketing vendors
Service providers
Service providers
Third parties
External researchers
AI integrations
Other third parties
We also share information with other
third parties
in response to legal requests, to comply with applicable law or to prevent harm.
Read the Policy
.
And if we sell or transfer all or part of our business to someone else, in some cases we’ll give the new owner your information as part of that transaction, but only as the law allows.
How do the Meta Companies work together?
Highlights
We are part of the
Meta Companies
that provide Meta Company Products.
Meta Company Products
include all the
Meta Products
covered by this Policy, plus other products like WhatsApp and more.
We share information we collect, infrastructure, systems and technology with the other Meta Companies.
Learn more
about how we transfer information to other countries.
We also process information that we receive about you from other Meta Companies, according to their terms and policies and as permitted by applicable law. In some cases, Meta acts as a
service provider
for other Meta Companies. We act on their behalf and in accordance with their instructions and terms.
Why we share across the Meta Companies
Meta Products share information with other Meta Companies:
To promote safety, security and integrity and comply with applicable laws
To provide optional features and integrations
To understand how people use and interact with Meta Company Products
See some examples
of why we share.
More resources
Review the privacy policies of the other Meta Companies
Facebook Help Center
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
Highlights
Under applicable data protection law, companies must have a legal basis to process personal data. When we talk about "processing personal data," we mean the ways we collect, use and share your information, as we described in the other sections of this Policy above.
What is our legal basis?
You have the following rights under GDPR and other relevant data protection laws:
Access and correct information
Withdraw consent
Port your information
Download your information
Erase information
Object
Make a complaint
How long do we keep your information?
Highlights
We keep information as long as we need it to provide our Products, comply with legal obligations or protect our or other’s interests. We decide how long we need information on a case-by-case basis. Here’s what we consider when we decide:
If we need it to operate or provide our Products. For example, we need to keep some of your information to maintain your account.
Learn more
.
The feature we use it for, and how that feature works. For example, messages sent using Messenger’s vanish mode are retained for less time than regular messages.
Learn more
.
How long we need to retain the information to comply with certain legal obligations.
See some examples
.
If we need it for other legitimate purposes, such as to prevent harm; investigate possible violations of our terms or policies; promote safety, security and integrity; or protect ourselves, including our rights, property or products
In some instances and for specific reasons, we’ll keep information for an extended period of time.
Read our Policy
about when we may preserve your information.
How do we transfer information?
Highlights
Why is information transferred to other countries?
Where is information transferred?
How do we safeguard your information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
Highlights
We access, preserve, use and share your information:
In response to legal requests, like search warrants, court orders, production orders or subpoenas. These requests come from
third parties
such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
Learn more
about when we respond to legal requests.
In accordance with applicable law
To promote the safety, security and integrity of
Meta Products
, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
.
We may access or preserve your information for an extended amount of time.
Learn more
.
How will you know the Policy has changed?
We'll notify you before we make material changes to this Policy. You’ll have the opportunity to review the revised Policy before you choose to continue using our Products.
How to contact Meta with questions
You can learn more about how privacy works on
Facebook
and on
Instagram
, and in the
Facebook Help Center
. If you have questions about this Policy, or have questions, complaints or requests regarding your information, you can contact us as described below.
The data controller responsible for your information is Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, which you can
contact online
, or by mail at:
Meta Platforms Ireland Limited
ATTN: Privacy Operations
Merrion Road
Dublin 4
D04 X2K5, Ireland
Contact the Data Protection Officer
for Meta Platforms Ireland Limited.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with Meta Platforms Ireland's lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission, or your local supervisory authority.
Legal basis information
Consent
We process information as described below when you have given us your consent to do so, which we may ask through in-product experiences, to enable particular features, or to enable device-based settings. The categories of information we use and why and how they are processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Processing information with special protections that you provide so we can share it with those you choose, to provide, personalise and improve our Products and to undertake analytics.  We’ll collect, store, publish and apply automated, or sometimes manual, processing for these purposes.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Any information with special protections that you choose to provide, such as your religious views, your sexual orientation, political views, health, racial or ethnic origin, philosophical beliefs or trade union membership, or as part of surveys you choose to participate in, and where you have given your explicit consent
Personalizing ads on the Meta Products:
If we show you ads on Meta Products, including Meta Audience Network, depending on your
settings
, we will use your information across the account(s) in your Accounts Centre to show you ads, including using cookies, to personalize your ads and measure how those ads perform.
If we show you ads on Meta Products, our ads system automatically processes information that we've collected and stored associated with you. In accordance with your Ad settings, our ads system uses this information to understand your interests and your preferences and personalize your ads across the Meta Products.
Learn more
about your Ad settings.
Our ads system prioritizes what ad to show you based on what audience advertisers want to reach. Then we match the ad to people who might be interested.
Learn more
about how our ads system works.
Learn more
about how we choose the ads that you see.
You can change your choice at any time in your “Ad Preferences”.
Your activity and information that you provide
:
Content that you create, such as posts, comments or audio
Content that you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content, including ads, that you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features that you use and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions that you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you're doing on your device, such as whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users'
Device signals
Information that you've shared through your device settings (e.g. GPS location)
Information about the network that you connect your device to
Location-related  information
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Using information from partners, vendors and other third parties to tailor the ads you see: If we show you ads on Meta Products, with your consent we’ll use information that partners, vendors and other third parties provide us about activity off the Meta Products and that we have associated with you to personalize ads that we show you on the Meta Products, and on websites, apps and devices that use our advertising services. We receive this information whether or not you’re logged in or have an account on our Products, see the
Cookies Policy
for more information.
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request when you use some of our Products. For example, when you direct us we share your email address or other information that you might choose to share with an advertiser so that they can contact you with additional information about a promoted product. The type of third party and categories of information shared depend on the circumstances of what you ask us to share.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like your contact, profile or other information, like posts or comments
Collecting information that you allow us to receive through the device-based settings you enable (such as access to your GPS location, camera or photos) which we use to provide the features or services described when you enable the setting.
App, browser and device information
:
Information from device settings
Verifying your identity or account, or helping to protect against suspicious activity including impersonation and identity misuse, using face analysis which may include facial recognition technology if you select it.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Your account information, profile photo, or
your photo or video selfie, if you choose to provide it
When we process information that you provide to us based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal. You also have the right to port that information you provide to us based on your consent. To exercise your rights, visit your device-based settings, and visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings and our Help Centers.
Performance of a contract
For all people who have the legal capacity to enter into an enforceable contract (for example, by being the age of majority or above in their country of residence), we process information as necessary to conclude and perform our contracts with you (the
Meta Terms
and
Instagram Terms
, the
Supplemental Meta Platforms Technologies Terms of Service
, the
Supplemental Portal Terms of Service
, the
Meta AI Terms of Service
and the
Supplemental Meta View Terms of Service
, together, the “terms"). The purposes for which we process information for our contracts, the categories of information we use and how information is processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Personalising the Meta Products (other than ads): Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories); and
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, and in some instances not only automated processing but also manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features,
Undertake analytics, and
Facilitate your purchases and payments on Meta Pay or other Meta checkout experiences.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts, identity and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the
Oversight Board
,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review and, in some cases, remove content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To communicate with you: We use information you’ve given us (like contact information on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
We’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your e-mail address to respond when you contact us.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Transferring, storing or processing your information globally. We share information we collect globally, both internally across our offices and data centers and externally with our partners, third parties and service providers. Because Meta is global, with users, partners and employees around the world, transfers are necessary to:
Operate and provide the services described in the terms that apply to the Meta Product(s) you are using. This includes allowing you to share information and connect with your family and friends around the globe; and
So we can fix, analyze and improve our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
We'll use the information we have to provide these services; if you choose not to provide certain information (other than limited account information which is necessary to create a
Facebook account
or an
Instagram account
), your experience using the Meta Products may be affected. For example, you may see less relevant recommendations on the Products, or your use of the Products may be restricted.
When we process information that you provide to us as necessary for concluding or performing our contracts with you, you have the right to port it under the GDPR. To exercise your rights, visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings, or learn more in our Help Centers.
Compliance with a legal obligation
The categories of information we use, why we process your information based on compliance with a legal obligation and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
For processing information when the law requires it: Where we are under an obligation to disclose information such as, for example, if we receive a valid legal request for certain information (such as an Irish search warrant), we will access, preserve and / or share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others.
The way in which the information will be processed depends on the specific circumstances, see
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and integrity?
for more.
Information for Law Enforcement Authorities
provides information on the operational guidelines law enforcement needs to follow.
Examples of Irish and EU laws enforceable in Ireland that could give rise to an obligation requiring us to process the information we hold about you are:
Civil and commercial matters: where we are in receipt of a court order or otherwise required to disclose information for the purposes of court proceedings, such as under Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters.
Criminal matters: to comply with requests from Irish law enforcement to provide information in relation to an investigation, such as under Section 10 of the Criminal Justice (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1997 as amended by 6(1)(a) of the Criminal Justice Act 2006, or to take steps to report information to law enforcement where required.
Consumer matters: to comply with our obligations under consumer law such as the Competition and Consumer Protection Act 2014.
Corporate and taxation matters: to comply with our obligations such as the Companies Act 2014.
Regulatory matters: to comply with our obligations to engage with regulators, such as the Data Protection Commission under the General Data Protection Regulation and the Data Protection Act 2018.
Financial matters: to comply with our obligations under applicable financial services law such as the European Union (Payment Services) Regulations 2018
View the
current list of laws
which are enforceable in Ireland that give rise to a legal obligation for Meta which results in the processing of information. New laws may be enacted or other obligations may become binding on our processing of your information which may require us to process your information and we will update this list from time to time.
The categories of information depend on the specific circumstances of each mandatory request or obligation. Only the information necessary to comply with the relevant legal obligation will be processed. For example, for civil matters, this will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information). However, depending on the circumstances it could include the following:
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Legitimate interests
We rely on our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of a third party, where they are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms ("legitimate interests"). The categories of information we use, the legitimate interests relied on and why and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Legitimate interests relied on
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
If you are a registered user of the Meta Products
For people under the age of majority (under 18, in most applicable countries) who have a limited ability to enter into an enforceable contract only, where we may be unable to process your information on the grounds of contractual necessity.
Personalising the Meta Products: Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
News Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories),
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Learn more
about how we use information about you to personalise your experience on and across Meta Products and how we choose the ads that you see.
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
(other than using partner data to tailor ads to you)
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, automated processing, and in some instances manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide advertising products,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features, and
Undertake analytics.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To enable people under the age of majority to use and connect to the Meta Products in an easy and intuitive manner.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public profile information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the Oversight Board,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review, and in some cases remove, content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on the Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
To secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, and to protect the safety of people under the age of majority, including to prevent exploitation or other harms to which such individuals may be particularly vulnerable.
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating with you:
We use information you have given us (like contact information you’ve entered on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
we’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your email address to respond to you when you contact us.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
For all people, including those under the age of majority
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and how their content is performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help users, businesses, and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their content, websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realise using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our other partners; and
In the interests of developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
If we show you ads on Meta Products:
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, advertisers and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, advertisers and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's ads, content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and ads, and how their content and ads are performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help businesses, advertisers and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, advertisers, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realize using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our advertisers and other partners; and
In the interests of advertisers, developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content and advertising on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating, engaging and sharing across the Meta Company Products:
To provide a seamless, consistent and richer, innovative, experience across the Meta Company Products and to enable cross app interactions, sharing, viewing and engaging with content, including posts and videos.
In our interest to provide seamless, consistent and richer, innovative communication, engagement and sharing experiences across Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Business intelligence and analytics:
To understand, in aggregate, your usage of and across our Products, to accurately count people and businesses; and
Validate metrics directly related to these, in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to adhere to (shareholder/earning) reporting obligations.
In our interest to measure the use of our Products and count the people who interact with our Products in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to enable provision of accurate and reliable reporting.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Location-related information
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you:
Depending on your settings, we’ll share marketing communications with you.
We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide, including your contact information like e-mail address
App, browser and device information
:
Device identifiers
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from researchers we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
For example, we analyse information that we have about migration patterns during crises. This helps relief organizations get aid to the right places.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation of information as well as manual (human) review, and share information, as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programmes.
In our interest and those of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Anonymising your information
In some cases, we anonymise information we have about you, such as your activity on and off our Products, and use the resulting information, for example, to provide and improve our Meta Products, including ads.
In our interest to fund our provision of the Meta Products, provide relevant advertising to users, and improve ads delivery and Meta Products;
In the interests of advertisers to help them to reach relevant audiences who may be interested in their information, products or services;
In the interests of users that Meta practice data minimisation and privacy by design in respect of their information
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to legal requests.
See
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promote safety, integrity and security in limited circumstances outside of the performance of our contracts with you:
Our Meta Products are delivered to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We apply automated processing, as well as manual (human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request:
You may choose to share your contact information, profile information and other data with our partners: The types of partners with whom information is shared depends on the features of our service that you use and the manner in which you choose to use them. For example, you may choose to share your email address, birthday, friends list, hometown or other information with a partner if you choose to connect your Facebook account to their app.
To deliver  quality experiences to users who use our partners’ apps, in our best interest and in the interest of our users.
To facilitate and improve users' experiences in their apps, in the interests of our partners who want to facilitate and improve consumers' experiences in their apps.
Information you provide (for example, your email address, birthday, friends’ list and hometown).
If you are using a device we cannot associate with a registered user of the Meta Products
Promote safety, integrity and security:
Our Meta Products are delivered in a manner to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We collect and store information we have for this purpose and apply automated processing and manual (i.e. human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and research and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users generally and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you: We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail address.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide including your contact information like your e-mail address
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from research partners we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programs.
In our interest and in the interest of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to
legal requests
.
See '
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
' for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Provide and improve our Products:
We use information we collect to:
Provide products and curate features
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To improve the Meta Company Products in a consistent manner, to correct technical glitches, and to optimise functionality.
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary to pursue our legitimate interests or those of a third party, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, such processing; to exercise your right, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings.
We will consider several factors when assessing an objection, including: our users' reasonable expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort. Unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons, your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
If you are under the age of majority in your country and there is no enforceable contract in place, we will take particular account of the fact that you are below the age of majority when conducting our assessment of our legitimate interests and the balancing  of your interests and rights. We provide specific protections for people below the age of majority to ensure that they are aware of the risks, consequences, safeguards and rights associated with the processing of their information.
Tasks carried out in the public interest
The purposes for which we anticipate processing your information as a task in the public interest, the processing we undertake, and the information we use is set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Undertaking research for social good:  We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to undertake research and other tasks in the public interest, such as sharing relevant research data with third parties like international organisations and academics both in and outside the EEA. The public interest is required to be laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Articles 168 and 179 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To promote safety, integrity and security: In limited fact specific circumstances, we will access, preserve and share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others where necessary to perform a task in the public interest. For example, we might share information with others for the purposes of combatting unlawful or harmful behaviour where it is in the public interest to do so and where the public interest is laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Section 53 of the Data Protection Act 2018 and Regulation (EU) 2021/1232.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from Partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary for a task carried out in the public interest, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, our processing. To exercise your rights, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings. In assessing an objection, we will consider several factors, including: our users' reasonable user expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort.
Your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information, unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
Protection of your vital interests or that of another person
The categories of information we use, why we process your information to protect your vital interests or those of another person and how it’s processed are set out below
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Protecting the vital interests of you and/or those of another person: We apply automated processing techniques, conduct manual (human) review and share information, including with law enforcement and others, in circumstances where someone’s vital interests require protection, such as in the case of emergencies. These vital interests include protection of your life, physical or mental health, wellbeing or integrity or that of others, and detecting, removing, and reporting illegal content. In protecting such vital interests we aim to combat harmful conduct and promote safety, integrity and security, including, for example, when we are investigating reports of harmful conduct or taking appropriate action, such as sharing information with relevant authorities, when someone needs help.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content,
subject to applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Sub-policy 3
https://www.tiktok.com/legal/privacy-policy-eea?lang=de:
EWR/UK/CH
Datenschutzrichtlinie
Datum des Inkrafttretens:
4. Dezember 2024
Einleitung
Diese Datenschutzerklärung („
Datenschutzerklärung
“) gilt für die Verarbeitung von personenbezogenen Daten durch TikTok im Zusammenhang mit den Anwendungen, den Webseiten, der Software und den zugehörigen Diensten von TikTok (die „
Plattform
“), die auf diese Datenschutzerklärung verlinken oder darauf verweisen.
Datenverantwortlicher
: Wenn Sie im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum („
EWR
“), im Vereinigten Königreich (
UK
) oder in der Schweiz leben, sind TikTok Technology Limited, ein irisches Unternehmen („
TikTok Ireland
“), und TikTok Information Technologies UK Limited („
TikTok UK
“), ein britisches Unternehmen („
TikTok
“, „
unser
“, „
wir
“ oder „
uns
“) die gemeinsamen Verantwortlichen für die Verarbeitung Ihrer Daten im Zusammenhang mit dieser Datenschutzerklärung.
Von uns erfasste Informationen
Wir sammeln Ihre Daten auf drei Arten:
Von Ihnen bereitgestellte Daten
,
automatisch erfasste Daten
und
Daten aus anderen Quellen
. Weitere Einzelheiten sind unten aufgeführt.
Von Ihnen bereitgestellte Daten
Kontoinformationen.
Wir erheben Daten, die Sie bei der Einrichtung eines Kontos angeben, wie z.B. Ihr Geburtsdatum, Ihren Benutzernamen, Ihre E-Mail-Adresse und/oder Telefonnummer und Ihr Passwort. Sie können Ihrem Konto auf freiwilliger Basis weitere Informationen hinzufügen, wie z. B. eine Beschreibung oder ein Bild.
Nutzerinhalte.
Wir erheben die von Ihnen erstellten, importierten, hochgeladenen oder über die Plattform veröffentlichten Inhalte, wie z. B. Fotos, Videos, Audioaufnahmen, Livestreams, Kommentare, Hashtags, Feedback und Reviews sowie die zugehörigen Metadaten (z. B. wann, wo und von wem die Inhalte erstellt wurden). Auch wenn Sie kein Nutzer sind, können Informationen über Sie in Inhalten erscheinen, die von Nutzern auf der Plattform erstellt oder veröffentlicht werden. Wir erheben
Nutzerinhalte
durch Vorabladen zum Zeitpunkt der Erstellung, des Imports oder des Hochladens, unabhängig davon, ob Sie diese
Nutzerinhalte
speichern oder hochladen, z. B. um Musik auf der Grundlage des Videos zu empfehlen. Wir erheben auch Inhalte (z. B. Text, Bilder und Videos) aus der Zwischenablage Ihres Geräts, wenn Sie Inhalte auf die Plattform kopieren und einfügen oder Inhalte zwischen der Plattform und einer Drittanbieterplattform austauschen. Darüber hinaus erheben wir Standortinformationen (wie z. B. Sehenswürdigkeiten, Shops oder andere Points of Interest), wenn Sie sich dafür entscheiden, die Standortinformationen zu Ihren
Nutzerinhalten
hinzuzufügen.
Nachrichten.
Wir erfassen die Inhalte der Nachrichten, die Sie über die Plattform erhalten, sowie die zugehörigen Metadaten (z. B. den Zeitpunkt, zu dem die Nachricht gesendet, empfangen und/oder gelesen wurde, sowie die Teilnehmer der Kommunikation). Wir erfassen auch die Nachrichten, die Sie über unsere Chat-Funktion senden oder empfangen, wenn Sie unsere Shopping-Funktion nutzen, um mit Verkäufern zu kommunizieren oder virtuelle Assistenten einzusetzen.
Ihre Kontakte und andere Verbindungen.
Wenn Sie Ihre Kontakte synchronisieren, greifen wir auf Daten aus dem Telefonbuch Ihres Geräts zu wie beispielsweise Namen, Telefonnummern und E-Mail-Adressen, und gleichen diese Daten mit den Benutzern der Plattform ab. Wenn Sie andere Benutzer über Ihre sozialen Netzwerkkontakte hinzufügen, erfassen wir Ihre öffentlichen Profilinformationen sowie Namen und Profile Ihrer sozialen Netzwerkkontakte. Wir sammeln auch Informationen über die Konten, denen Sie folgen und die Ihnen folgen.
Kaufinformationen.
Wenn Sie einen Kauf, eine Zahlung oder eine Transaktion auf der oder über die Plattform abwickeln, einschließlich beim Kauf von TikTok-Coins oder von Produkten über unsere Einkaufsfunktionen, sammeln wir Daten zur Transaktion, wie z. B. Zahlungskarteninformationen, Abrechnungs-, Liefer- und Kontaktinformationen und von die von Ihnen gekauften Produkte.
Umfragen, Forschung und Werbeaktionen.
Wir erheben
von Ihnen bereitgestellte Daten
, wenn Sie sich für die Teilnahme an einer Umfrage, einer Forschung, einer Werbeaktion, einem Wettbewerb, einer Marketingkampagne oder einer von uns durchgeführten oder gesponserten Veranstaltung entscheiden.
Wenn Sie mit uns in Kontakt treten.
Wenn Sie mit uns in Kontakt treten, erheben wir die Daten, die Sie uns senden, wie z. B. Identitäts- oder Altersnachweise, Feedback oder Anfragen zu Ihrer Nutzung der Plattform oder Informationen über mögliche Verstöße gegen unsere
Nutzungsbedingungen
(unsere „
Nutzungsbedingungen
“),
Community-Richtlinien
(unsere „
Richtlinien
“) oder andere Bestimmungen.
Informationen aus von Ihnen verwendeten Formularen und Funktionen
. Wir erheben die
von Ihnen bereitgestellten Informationen
, wenn Sie ein Formular auf der Plattform ausfüllen. Sie können TikTok Formulare automatisch mit Ihren Kontoinformationen ausfüllen lassen, z. B. mit Ihren Adressen oder Zahlungsinformationen.
Automatisch erfasste Daten
Technische Daten.
Wir erheben bestimmte Geräte- und Netzwerkverbindungsdaten, wenn Sie auf die Plattform zugreifen. Zu diesen Informationen gehören Ihr Gerätemodell, Ihr Betriebssystem, Tastenanschlagmuster oder -rhythmen, Ihre IP-Adresse, Ihre Systemsprache und Ihre Geräteeinstellungen. Wir erfassen auch dienstbezogene, diagnostische Leistungsdaten, einschließlich Absturzberichte und Leistungsprotokolle. Wir weisen Ihnen automatisch eine Geräte-ID und eine Nutzer-ID zu. Wenn Sie sich von mehreren Geräten aus anmelden, verwenden wir Daten wie Ihre Geräte-ID und Ihre Benutzer-ID, um Ihre Aktivitäten geräteübergreifend zu identifizieren, sodass wir Ihnen ein nahtloses Anmeldeerlebnis zu bieten können, sowie aus Sicherheitsgründen.
Standortinformationen.
Wir erheben automatisch Informationen über Ihren ungefähren Standort (z. B. Land, Bundesland oder Stadt) auf der Grundlage Ihrer
technischen Daten
(z.B. SIM-Karte und IP-Adresse). Wenn Sie in den Einstellungen Ihres Geräts Standortdienste für die TikTok-App aktivieren, erheben wir außerdem ungefähre Standortinformationen von Ihrem Gerät. Klicken Sie
hier
, um mehr darüber zu erfahren, wie wir Standortinformationen erheben.
Informationen über die Nutzung.
Wir erheben Daten darüber, wie Sie unsere Plattform nutzen, einschließlich Daten darüber, wie Sie mit angesehenen Inhalten und Anzeigen interagieren, die Dauer und Häufigkeit Ihrer Nutzung, wie Sie mit anderen Nutzern in Kontakt treten und Ihren Suchverlauf.
Inhaltliche Merkmale und Eigenschaften.
Wir erkennen und erheben Merkmale und Eigenschaften der Video-, Bild- und Audioaufnahmen, die Teil Ihrer
Nutzerinhalte
sind, z. B. durch die Identifizierung von Objekten und Landschaften, das Vorhandensein oder die Position eines Gesichts oder anderer Körperteile innerhalb eines Bildes und den Text der in Ihren
Nutzerinhalten
gesprochenen Wörter. Wir tun dies zum Beispiel für die Moderation von Inhalten und zur Bereitstellung von Spezialeffekten (wie Videofilter und Avatare) und Untertiteln.
Hergeleitete Daten.
Wir schließen von den Daten, die wir über Sie vorliegen haben, auf Ihre Eigenschaften (z. B. Altersgruppe und Geschlecht) und Interessen. Wir verwenden diese Rückschlüsse zum Beispiel, um unsere Plattform sicher zu halten (z. B. um Inhalte zu moderieren) um Ihnen relevante Informationen anzuzeigen und, sofern zulässig, um Ihnen personalisierte Werbung auf der Grundlage Ihrer Interessen bereitzustellen.
Cookies.
Wir verwenden Cookies und ähnliche Tracking-Technologien für den Betrieb und die Bereitstellung unserer Dienste. Wir verwenden Cookies beispielsweise, um Ihre Spracheinstellungen zu speichern, um sicherzustellen, dass Sie dasselbe Video nicht mehr als einmal sehen, und aus Sicherheitsgründen. Wir verwenden diese Technologien auch für Marketingzwecke. Weitere Informationen über unsere Verwendung von Cookies finden Sie in unserer
Cookie-Richtlinie für die TikTok
. Wo dies gesetzlich vorgeschrieben ist, holen wir Ihr Einverständnis zur Verwendung von Cookies ein.
Daten aus anderen Quellen
Werbe-, Mess- und Datenpartner.
Werbetreibende, Messdienste und andere Partner teilen uns Informationen über Sie und Ihr Verhalten außerhalb der Plattform mit, z. B. Ihre Aktivitäten auf anderen Webseiten und Apps oder in Geschäften, einschließlich der Produkte oder Dienstleistungen, die Sie online oder persönlich erworben haben. Diese Partner teilen uns auch Daten wie z.B. mobile Identifikatoren für Werbung, gehashte E-Mail-Adressen und Telefonnummern sowie Cookie-Identifikatoren mit, mithilfe derer wir Sie und Ihr Verhalten außerhalb der Plattform Ihrem TikTok-Konto zuordnen. Einige unserer Werbekunden und andere Partner ermöglichen es uns, ähnliche Daten direkt von ihrer Webseite oder App zu erheben, indem sie unsere
TikTok Advertiser Tools
(wie TikTok Pixel) integrieren. Diese Partner müssen bereits vor der Freigabe über die erforderlichen Rechte und Genehmigungen verfügen, um Ihre Daten an uns weitergeben zu dürfen. Wir verarbeiten bestimmte Informationen, die wir von diesen Partnern erhalten, als gemeinsamer Verantwortlicher mit ihnen.
Erfahren Sie mehr
über unsere Vereinbarungen mit diesen Partnern.
Verkäufer, Anbieter von Zahlungs- und Transaktionsdiensten.
Wir erhalten Informationen über Sie von Verkäufern sowie Anbietern von Zahlungs- und Transaktionsdiensten, wie z. B. Einzelheiten von Zahlungsbestätigungen und Informationen zur Lieferung von Produkten, die Sie über unsere Shopping-Funktionen erworben haben.
Plattformen und Partner von Drittanbietern.
Wenn Sie sich auf der Plattform anmelden oder sich über die von diesen Drittanbietern bereitgestellten Anmeldefunktionen einloggen, stellen uns Plattformen von Drittanbietern Daten zur Verfügung (z. B. Ihre E-Mail-Adresse, Ihre Authentifizierungs-ID und Ihr öffentliches Profil). Wir können auch Kontaktinformationen erhalten, die Sie speichern oder die über Sie gespeichert sind, wenn Kontaktinformationen von Ihnen oder einem anderen Nutzer mit unserer Plattform synchronisiert werden. Wenn Sie mit einem Dienst eines Drittanbieters (z.B. Apps, Webseiten oder Produkten von Drittanbietern) interagieren, der
TikTok Developer Tools
integriert, erhalten wir die Daten, die erforderlich sind, um Ihnen Funktionen wie dienstübergreifende Authentifizierung oder Cross-Posting zur Verfügung zu stellen. Dies geschieht beispielsweise, wenn Sie sich mit Ihrem TikTok-Konto bei einer anderen Plattform anmelden oder wenn Sie die TikTok-Schaltfläche „Teilen“ auf einer Plattform eines Drittanbieters verwenden, um Inhalte von dort auf der Plattform zu teilen. Wir können auch Informationen von Drittanbietern erhalten, die wir für Sicherheitszwecke verwenden, einschließlich des Schutzes von Nutzern auf der Plattform und für die Moderation von Inhalten.
Zusätzliche Quellen.
Wir können Informationen über Sie von Organisationen, Unternehmen, Personen und anderen erheben oder erhalten, z. B. von öffentlich zugänglichen Quellen, Regierungsbehörden, Berufsverbänden und Wohlfahrtsverbänden. Wir erheben auch dann Daten über Sie, wenn Sie in
Nutzerinhalten
,
Nachrichten
, einer Beschwerde, einem Einspruch, einer Anfrage oder einem Feedback, das von einem Nutzer oder einem Dritten eingereicht wurde, enthalten sind oder erwähnt werden, oder wenn uns ein Nutzer Ihre Kontaktinformationen zur Verfügung stellt.
Wie wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten verwenden
Wir verwenden Ihre Daten, um unsere Dienste zu betreiben, bereitzustellen, weiterzuentwickeln und zu verbessern, unter anderem für die folgenden Zwecke. Weitere Einzelheiten finden Sie unter „
Unsere Rechtsgrundlagen und wie wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten verarbeiten
“.
Bereitstellung und Verwaltung unserer Dienste, z.B. um Ihnen die Möglichkeit zu geben, Inhalte zu erstellen, zu teilen und zu konsumieren und mit anderen Nutzern und deren Inhalten zu interagieren.
Bereitstellung unserer Shopping-Funktion (z. B. personalisierte Einkaufsvorteile) und Erleichterung des Kaufs sowie der Lieferung von Produkten, Waren und Dienstleistungen, einschließlich der Weitergabe Ihrer Informationen an Verkäufer, Anbieter von Zahlungs- und Transaktionsdiensten und andere Dienstleister, um Ihre Bestellungen zu bearbeiten.
Personalisierung und Anpassung bestimmter Funktionen und Inhalte, wie z. B. die Bereitstellung Ihres „Für dich“-Feeds und Tools zur Erstellung von Inhalten.
Durchsetzung unserer Nutzungsbedingungen, Richtlinien und anderer für Sie geltender Bestimmungen. Wir überprüfen
Nutzerinhalte
und andere Informationen durch eine Kombination aus technologischen Hilfsmitteln (einschließlich automatisierter Lösungen) und menschlicher Moderation, um die Sicherheit und das Wohlbefinden unserer Gemeinschaft zu schützen.
Bereitstellung bestimmter interaktiver Funktionen, z. B. die Erlaubnis, Ihre Inhalte in den Videos anderer Nutzer verwenden zu lassen.
Empfehlung Ihres Kontos an andere Nutzer und Empfehlung anderer Konten, um Sie mit anderen Nutzern zu vernetzen.
Bereitstellung und Verbesserung unserer Werbedienste, einschließlich der Schaltung von Anzeigen (einschließlich personalisierter Anzeigen, sofern zulässig).
Erstellen von Analyseberichten, damit Partner, Verkäufer und Creator*innen sehen können, wie ihre Inhalte, Anzeigen oder Produkte ankommen, und um ihr Publikum und ihre Käufer besser zu verstehen.
Aufrechterhaltung und Verbesserung der Sicherheit und Stabilität unserer Dienste durch die Identifizierung und Behebung von technischen oder sicherheitsrelevanten Problemen (z. B. technische Bugs, Spam-Konten, Aufdeckung von Missbrauch, Betrug und illegalen Aktivitäten).
Überprüfung, Verbesserung und Weiterentwicklung der Plattform, u. a. durch Überwachung der Interaktionen und der Nutzung über Ihre Geräte hinweg, durch Analyse der Nutzung der Plattform durch die Nutzer und durch das Training, den Test und die Verbesserung unserer Technologie, wie z. B. unserer maschinellen Lernmodelle und Algorithmen.
Teilen Ihrer Informationen mit Plattformen von Drittanbietern, um Ihnen Funktionen zur Verfügung zu stellen, wie z.B. das Teilen von Inhalten auf Ihren Wunsch hin, wenn Sie Ihr TikTok-Konto mit dem Dienst eines Drittanbieters verbinden.
Ermöglichung von Forschung durch unabhängige Dienstleister, die bestimmte Kriterien erfüllen.
Bewerbung der Plattform oder der Dienste Dritter durch Marketingmitteilungen, Wettbewerbe oder Werbeaktionen.
Erleichterter Versand von Marketingmitteilungen durch Verkäufer an Sie auf unserer Plattform. In diesem Szenario agieren wir als gemeinsamer Verantwortlicher mit den Verkäufern.
Erfahren Sie mehr
über unsere Vereinbarungen mit diesen Verkäufern.
Erfüllung unserer rechtlichen Verpflichtungen oder zur Erfüllung von Aufgaben, die im öffentlichen Interesse liegen, oder zum Schutz der essentiellen Interessen unserer Nutzer und anderer Personen.
Schutz der Plattform und Einstehen für unsere gesetzlichen Rechte und unser kommerzielles Interesse sowie jene unserer verbundenen Unternehmen, Nutzer und der Öffentlichkeit.
Wie wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten weitergeben
Dienstanbieter
Wir beauftragen Dienstanbieter, die uns helfen, unsere Dienste bereitzustellen, zu unterstützen und weiterzuentwickeln und zu verstehen, wie sie genutzt werden. Sie bieten Dienstleistungen wie Cloud-Hosting und die Bereitstellung von Inhalten, Kunden- und technischen Support, Inhaltsmoderation, Marketing, Analysen und Online-Zahlungen an.
Wir geben die
von Ihnen bereitgestellten Daten
,
automatisch erfassten Daten
und
Daten aus anderen Quellen
an diese Dienstleister weiter, soweit dies erforderlich ist, damit diese ihre Dienste erbringen können.
Partner
Plattformen und Partner von Drittanbietern.
Wir teilen begrenzte Informationen, zu denen
die von Ihnen bereitgestellten Daten
,
technische Daten
und
Informationen über die Nutzung
gehören können, mit Drittplattformen und Partnern, deren Plattform oder Dienste in die Plattform integriert sind, oder mit denen wir in einem Geschäftsverhältnis stehen. Wir tun dies, um Ihnen ein nahtloses Erlebnis zu bieten und Ihnen das Teilen Ihrer Inhalte auf anderen Plattformen zu ermöglichen, Verkäufern eine Möglichkeit zu bieten, Ihre Bestellungen über unsere Shopping-Funktion einzusehen, und um Plattformen und Partnern von Drittanbietern eine bessere Authentifizierung der Nutzer zu ermöglichen. Zum Beispiel, wenn Sie sich entscheiden:
sich mit Ihrem TikTok-Konto bei einer Plattform eines Drittanbieters anzumelden, werden wir Ihre grundlegenden Kontoinformationen und alle anderen
von Ihnen bereitgestellten Daten
weitergeben;
sich mit Ihren Kontodaten von einer Drittplattform (z. B. Facebook oder Google) bei der Plattform anzumelden oder einzuloggen, werden wir bestimmte
technische Daten
weitergeben, um dies zu ermöglichen;
Nutzerinhalte
, die Sie auf der Plattform veröffentlichen, auf anderen Social-Media-Plattformen zu teilen, werden wir Ihre
Nutzerinhalte
und damit verbundene Daten weitergeben.
Werbepartner.
Wir stellen Werbetreibenden Berichte über die Leistung ihrer Anzeigen und anderer Inhalte auf der Plattform zur Verfügung, um ihnen zu helfen, ihre Wirksamkeit zu messen und ihr Publikum zu verstehen. Diese Berichte enthalten zusammengefasste Daten bestimmter
von Ihnen bereitgestellter Daten
,
automatisch erfasster Daten
und
Daten aus anderen Quellen
. Wir geben keine Informationen an Werbetreibende weiter, die dazu verwendet werden können, Sie zu kontaktieren (z. B. Ihren Namen oder Ihre E-Mail-Adresse), es sei denn, Sie geben uns Ihre Erlaubnis.
Mess- und Datenpartner.
Wir geben die
von Ihnen bereitgestellten Daten
, Ihre
technischen Daten
und
Informationen über die Nutzung
an Drittanbieter weiter, die zusammengefasste Berichte bereitstellen, anhand derer wir die Werbung auf unserer Plattform messen und unseren Werbetreibenden einen besseren Einblick in Wirksamkeit und Publikum garantieren können.
Verkäufer und ihre Dienstleistungsanbieter.
Wenn Sie über die Shopping-Funktionen auf unserer Plattform einen Kauf tätigen, geben wir
Kaufinformationen
zur Transaktion an den Verkäufer und andere Dienstleister weiter, die in ihrem Namen tätig sind. Dies kann Angaben zum bestellten Artikel, Kontaktdaten und Lieferinformationen umfassen, damit Ihre Bestellung verarbeitet werden kann. Wir legen diesen Parteien auch bestimmte
technische Daten
über Ihr Gerät oder Ihre Verbindungsart offen, um die Sicherheit der Transaktion zu gewährleisten. Wenn Sie einen Kauf über unsere Shopping-Funktionen tätigen, lesen Sie bitte die Angaben zum Produkt und zum Standort des Verkäufers auf der Plattform, um zu erfahren, wohin Ihre Daten gesendet werden.
Nutzer unserer Analysedienste.
Wir stellen aggregierte Statistiken und Einblicke zur Verfügung, damit Menschen und Unternehmen leichter verstehen, wie die Plattform genutzt wird. So können Creator*innen, Werbetreibende und Verkäufer beispielsweise Informationen über die Anzahl der Aufrufe, Likes, Kommentare und Freigaben ihrer Inhalte sowie weiterführende Informationen über ihre Follower, Käufer und das Publikum ihrer Inhalte erhalten. Wir erstellen diese zusammengefassten Daten mithilfe der
von Ihnen bereitgestellten Daten
und
automatisch erfassten Daten
. Unter bestimmten Umständen ist TikTok gemeinsam mit TikTok-Kontoinhabern für diese Verarbeitung verantwortlich.
Erfahren Sie mehr
über die gemeinsame Verarbeitung für TikTok Analytics.
Unsere Unternehmensgruppe
Als globales Unternehmen werden unsere Dienste von einer Reihe verbundener Unternehmen innerhalb unserer Unternehmensgruppe („
Unternehmensgruppe
“) unterstützt. Diese verarbeiten in unserem Auftrag die
von Ihnen bereitgestellten Daten
,
automatisch erfassten Daten
und
Daten aus anderen Quellen
, soweit dies erforderlich ist, damit bestimmte Funktionen wie Speicherplatz, Bereitstellung von Inhalten, Sicherheit, Forschung und Entwicklung, Analysen, Online-Zahlungen, Kunden- und technischen Support sowie die Moderation von Inhalten bereitgestellt werden können. Siehe den Abschnitt
Unsere globalen Aktivitäten und Datenübertragungen
für weitere Informationen.
Andere
Wir geben Ihre Daten in einigen anderen Szenarien wie folgt weiter:
Nutzer und die Öffentlichkeit.
Je nach Ihren Datenschutzeinstellungen können Ihre Informationen, einschließlich Ihrer
Kontoinformationen
,
Nutzerinhalte
und
Informationen über die Nutzung
für andere Nutzer und die Öffentlichkeit sichtbar sein. Wenn Sie beispielsweise ein öffentliches Konto haben und die Sichtbarkeit Ihrer Beiträge nicht individuell eingeschränkt haben, können Ihre
Kontoinformationen
und
Nutzerinhalte
von jedem auf der Plattform oder außerhalb der Plattform angesehen oder geteilt werden, unabhängig davon, ob die betreffende Person ein TikTok-Konto hat oder nicht. Je nach Ihren Datenschutzeinstellungen können Ihre
Kontoinformationen
und
Nutzerinhalte
auch auf Suchmaschinen, Aggregatoren von Inhalten und Nachrichtenseiten erscheinen. Mehr über Kontotypen und Datenschutzeinstellungen, einschließlich darüber, wie Sie das Publikum für Ihre Videos einschränken können, erfahren Sie
hier
.
Unabhängige Forscher:
Wir geben Ihre Informationen an unabhängige Forscher weiter, damit Forschung durchgeführt werden kann, die bestimmte Kriterien erfüllt. Siehe
Unsere Rechtsgrundlagen und wie wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten verarbeiten
für mehr Informationen.
Unternehmenstransaktionen.
Ihre Daten können im Zusammenhang mit einer Unternehmenstransaktion wie z. B. einer Fusion, einem Verkauf von Vermögenswerten oder Anteilen, einer Restrukturierung, einer Finanzierung, einem Kontrollwechsel oder der Übernahme des gesamten oder eines Teils unseres Unternehmens, an Dritte weitergegeben werden.
Rechtliche Verpflichtungen und Rechte.
Wir können auf die unter „
Von uns erfasste Informationen
“ beschriebenen Daten zugreifen, sie aufbewahren und an Strafverfolgungsbehörden, Behörden, Forscher, Urheberrechtsinhaber oder andere Dritte weitergeben, wenn wir in gutem Glauben davon ausgehen können, dass dies notwendig ist, um:
geltendes Recht und rechtliche Verfahren zu befolgen oder behördlichen Anfragen in Übereinstimmung mit international anerkannten Standards nachzukommen;
die Rechte, das Eigentum und die Sicherheit unserer Nutzer, der Inhaber von Urheberrechten und anderer Personen zu schützen, einschließlich des Schutzes von Menschenleben oder der Verhinderung drohender körperlicher Schäden. So können wir beispielsweise in Notfällen Daten (wie Ihre IP-Adresse) an die Strafverfolgungsbehörden weitergeben, wenn es zur Gefährdung des Lebens oder der Sicherheit einer Person kommt;
mögliche Verstöße gegen unsere Nutzungsbedingungen, Richtlinien oder andere anwendbare Bestimmungen, Richtlinien oder Standards zu untersuchen und durchzusetzen; oder
irreführende Aktivitäten, Urheberrechtsverletzungen oder andere illegale Aktivitäten aufzudecken, zu untersuchen, zu verhindern oder zu bekämpfen.
Weitere Informationen darüber, wie wir mit Anfragen von Strafverfolgungsbehörden und öffentlichen Stellen umgehen, finden Sie in unseren
Richtlinien zur Datenanforderung bei Gesetzesvollstreckung
.
Unsere Rechtsgrundlagen und wie wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten verarbeiten
Wir verwenden Ihre Daten nur, wenn wir eine „Rechtsgrundlage“ dafür haben. Je nachdem, warum wir Ihre Daten verwenden (mit anderen Worten: je nach „Zweck“ unserer Verarbeitung), nutzen wir unterschiedliche Rechtsgrundlagen. Zu diesen Rechtsgrundlagen gehören die vertragliche Erforderlichkeit, berechtigte Interessen (unsere, Ihre oder die einer anderen Partei), Einwilligung, die Erfüllung einer rechtlichen Verpflichtung, die Wahrnehmung einer Aufgabe im öffentlichen Interesse und der Schutz wesentlicher Interessen.
Hier erläutern wir die Rechtsgrundlagen, auf die wir uns bei der Verarbeitung Ihrer Daten stützen. In diesem Abschnitt wird auch beschrieben, warum wir Ihre Daten verwenden, wie diese Daten verarbeitet werden, um welche Datenkategorien es sich handelt und welche Rechte damit verbunden sind (wozu immer auch das Recht auf Auskunft zu Ihren Daten gehört). Weitere Informationen darüber, wie Sie Ihre Rechte ausüben können, finden Sie im Abschnitt „
Ihre Rechte und Wahlmöglichkeiten
“ in der Datenschutzerklärung.
Vertragliche Notwendigkeit
Falls Sie aus rechtlicher Sicht dazu in der Lage sind, einen durchsetzbaren Vertrag einzugehen, verwenden wir die
von Ihnen bereitgestellten Daten
,
automatisch erfassten Daten
und
Daten aus anderen Quellen
, wenn dies zur Erfüllung des Vertrages, den Sie bei der Registrierung, dem Zugang oder der Nutzung der Plattform eingehen (unsere Nutzungsbedingungen), erforderlich ist. Das bedeutet, dass wir Ihre Daten verwenden, um:
Ihnen die Plattform zur Verfügung stellen.
Wir verwenden Ihre Daten, um Ihnen den Zugriff auf die Plattform und deren Nutzung zu ermöglichen, einschließlich der Möglichkeit, Inhalte zu erstellen, zu teilen und zu konsumieren, mit anderen zu interagieren, soziale Funktionen zu nutzen und Ihnen Produkte und Dienstleistungen anzubieten, die Sie erwerben.
Funktionen und Inhalte zu personalisieren.
Wir personalisieren auch bestimmte Funktionen und Inhalte, z. B. durch die Bereitstellung Ihres „Für dich“-Feeds, der Ihnen Videos zeigt, von denen wir glauben, dass sie Sie interessieren würden (weitere Informationen finden Sie
hier
) und durch das Vorschlagen von Konten.
Produktbestellungen und -lieferungen.
Wir verwenden Ihre Daten, um Bestellungen zu bearbeiten, z. B. um den Kauf und die Lieferung von Produkten zu ermöglichen, und Ihnen Nachrichten zu Ihren Bestellungen zu schicken. Dazu gehört die Weitergabe von
Kaufinformationen
an Verkäufer, Anbieter von Zahlungs- und Transaktionsdiensten und andere Dienstleister
Unsere Nutzungsbedingungen, Richtlinien oder Bestimmungen durchzusetzen.
Wir verwenden Ihre Daten, um unsere Nutzungsbedingungen, Richtlinien und Grundsätze durchzusetzen (einschließlich automatisierter Lösungen und menschlicher Moderation). Dies kann eine Altersbeschränkung oder Entfernung von Inhalten, die Beibehaltung unserer „Für dich“-Feed-Förderfähigkeitsstandards oder die Sperrung Ihres Kontos umfassen, wenn wir feststellen, dass Sie gegen unsere Nutzungsbedingungen oder Richtlinien verstoßen.
Unsere Dienste zu verwalten.
Wir verwenden die uns vorliegenden Daten auch zur Verwaltung unserer Dienste, z. B. um mit Ihnen in Bezug auf den Dienst zu kommunizieren, Sie in Bezug auf Ihre über die Plattform getätigten Einkäufe auf dem Laufenden zu halten oder zu unterstützen und um Ihre Anfragen, Forderungen oder Beschwerden zu bearbeiten (einschließlich der Mitteilung eines Problems oder Anforderung einer Kopie Ihrer Daten).
Ihre Rechte
: Wann immer wir Ihre Daten verarbeiten, weil dies für den Vertrag, den wir mit Ihnen geschlossen haben, erforderlich ist, haben Sie das Recht, die von Ihnen zur Verfügung gestellten Daten übertragen zu lassen.
Berechtigte Interessen
Wir verwenden Ihre Daten, wenn dies zur Wahrung berechtigter Interessen erforderlich ist – unabhängig davon, ob diese uns, Sie oder einen Dritten betreffen – vorausgesetzt, dass diese Interessen nicht durch Ihre Interessen oder Grundrechte und -freiheiten überwogen werden. Wir verwenden Ihre Daten, um:
Die Nutzung Ihrer Videos in interaktiven Funktionen zu ermöglichen
.
Unsere interaktiven Funktionen wie Duett und Stitch ermöglichen es anderen Nutzern, Ihre Videos in eigene Videos einzubinden (wenn Sie dies in Ihren Einstellungen erlauben).
Berechtigtes Interesse, auf das wir uns berufen
: Den Nutzern Tools zur Verfügung zu stellen, die zu Kreativität, Zusammenarbeit und Vergnügen anregen, und den Nutzern die Möglichkeit zu geben, neue Zielgruppen zu erreichen.
Verwendete Daten
:
Von Ihnen bereitgestellte Daten
und
automatisch erfasste Daten
.
Ihr Konto anderen Nutzern vorzuschlagen
.
Wir können Ihr Konto anderen Nutzern vorschlagen, z. B. wenn ein Nutzer seine Kontakte mit der Plattform synchronisiert.
Berechtigtes Interesse, auf das wir uns berufen
: Es den Nutzern zu ermöglichen, schnell und effizient andere Nutzer auf unserer Plattform zu finden und mit ihnen in Kontakt zu treten.
Verwendete Daten
:
Von Ihnen bereitgestellte Daten
,
automatisch erfasste Daten
und
Daten aus anderen Quellen
.
Allen Nutzern generische Werbung bereitzustellen
.
Wir zeigen allen Nutzern generische Werbung, auch denjenigen, die sich gegen personalisierte Werbung entschieden haben.
Berechtigtes Interesse, auf das wir uns berufen
: Wir zeigen generische Werbung, damit wir die Plattform weiterhin kostenlos anbieten können. Wir verarbeiten begrenzte Kategorien Ihrer Daten, um sicherzustellen, dass unser Werbedienst für unsere Werbekunden nützlich ist (z. B. um Benutzern in einem bestimmten Land oder Benutzern, die dieselbe Sprache sprechen, Werbung anzuzeigen).
Verwendete Daten
:
Von Ihnen bereitgestellte Daten
und
automatisch erfasste Daten
.
Mess- und Analysedienste bereitzustellen
.
Wir helfen Creator*innen, Verkäufern und Werbetreibenden dabei, die Wirksamkeit und Verbreitung von Anzeigen und anderen Inhalten, die auf der Plattform angezeigt werden, zu messen.
Berechtigtes Interesse, auf das wir uns berufen
: Damit Creator*innen, Verkäufer und Werbetreibende sehen und verstehen können, wie ihre Anzeigen oder Inhalte abschneiden und welches Publikum ihre Anzeigen oder Inhalte betrachtet oder mit ihnen interagiert. So können sie fundierte Entscheidungen treffen (z. B. darüber, welche Art von Werbekampagnen sie durchführen wollen, welche Zielgruppe sie erreichen wollen und welche Inhalte den Nutzern am besten gefallen). Dies trägt dazu bei, dass die Werbung und andere Inhalte, die wir den Nutzern zeigen, relevant und unterhaltsam bleiben und dass die Plattform für alle Nutzer kostenlos bleibt.
Verwendete Daten
:
Von Ihnen bereitgestellte Daten
,
automatisch erfasste Daten
und
Daten aus anderen Quellen
.
Die Sicherheit und das Wohlergehen unserer Community zu gewährleisten
.
Wir verwenden Ihre Daten, um die Sicherheit und das Wohlergehen unserer Community zu gewährleisten, einschließlich der Überprüfung von
Nutzerinhalten
(und, falls nach geltendem Recht zulässig, von
Nachrichten
und zugehörigen Metadaten) auf Verstöße gegen unsere Nutzungsbedingungen, Richtlinien und anderen Bestimmungen. Wir schätzen auch Ihre Altersgruppe und bitten Sie unter Umständen um zusätzliche Informationen, um Ihr Alter zu bestätigen.
Berechtigtes Interesse, auf das wir uns berufen
: Um die Sicherheit unserer Community zu gewährleisten, die Einhaltung unserer Richtlinien zu überprüfen und den Missbrauch der Plattform aufzudecken.
Verwendete Daten
:
Von Ihnen bereitgestellte Daten
,
automatisch erfasste Daten
und
Daten aus anderen Quellen
.
Die Sicherheit und Stabilität der Plattform zu gewährleisten
.
Wir verwenden Ihre Daten, um die Stabilität und Sicherheit der Plattform zu gewährleisten, einschließlich der Identifizierung und Lösung von technischen oder Sicherheitsproblemen (wie z. B. technische Bugs, Spam-Accounts und die Aufdeckung von Missbrauch, Betrug und illegalen Aktivitäten).
Berechtigtes Interesse, auf das wir uns berufen
: Um die Stabilität und Sicherheit der Plattform zu gewährleisten und sicherzustellen, dass sie ständig verfügbar und funktionsfähig ist.
Verwendete Daten
:
Von Ihnen bereitgestellte Daten
,
automatisch erfasste Daten
und
Daten aus anderen Quellen
.
Die Plattform zu überprüfen, zu verbessern, zu bewerben und weiterzuentwickeln
.
Wir verwenden die uns zur Verfügung stehenden Daten, um zu verstehen, wie die Plattform von den Nutzern verwendet wird, und um die Plattform weiterzuentwickeln, zu testen und zu verbessern, einschließlich der Entwicklung und Verbesserung unserer Technologie, wie z. B. unserer maschinellen Lernmodelle und Algorithmen. Wir verwenden diese Informationen auch, um die Plattform, beliebte Themen und neue Trends besser zu verstehen und zu fördern sowie um bestimmte personalisierte Funktionen bereitzustellen. Wir überprüfen auch Nachrichten, die Sie mit dem Kundendienst austauschen, um die Technologien zur Unterstützung dieser Funktionen zu verbessern.
Berechtigtes Interesse, auf das wir uns berufen
: Verbesserung, Bewerbung und Entwicklung der Plattform auf fundierte Art und Weise.
Verwendete Daten
:
Von Ihnen bereitgestellte Daten
,
automatisch erfasste Daten
und
Daten aus anderen Quellen
.
Unabhängige Forschung zu ermöglichen.
Wir teilen Ihre Informationen mit unabhängigen Forschern, um diesen die Durchführung bestimmter Kriterien erfüllender Forschung zu ermöglichen, u. a. dann, wenn diese Forscher nachweisliche Erfahrung und Expertise in ihrem Bereich haben. Klicken Sie
hier
für mehr Informationen
Berechtigtes Interesse, auf das wir uns berufen
: Förderung der unabhängigen Forschung, deren Ziel die Entwicklung des kollektiven Wissens der Gesellschaft ist, u.a. in den Bereichen Fehlinformation und Desinformation, Gewalt, Cyberkriminalität und soziale Trends.
Verwendete Daten
:
Von Ihnen bereitgestellte Daten
und
automatisch erfasste Daten
.
Ihre Daten an Dritte weiterzugeben
.
Wir geben Ihre Daten an Dritte weiter, deren Plattformen oder Dienste in die Plattform integriert sind oder auf andere Weise über diese verfügbar gemacht werden.
Berechtigtes Interesse, auf das wir uns berufen
: Um Ihr Erlebnis zu optimieren, die Weitergabe Ihrer Inhalte auf anderen Plattformen zu ermöglichen, Dritten die Authentifizierung von Nutzern zu ermöglichen und die Erfüllung von Handelsvereinbarungen zu ermöglichen.
Verwendete Daten
:
Von Ihnen bereitgestellte Daten
,
automatisch erfasste Daten
und
Daten aus anderen Quellen
.
Schutz der Plattform und Einstehen für gesetzliche Rechte
Wir können Ihre Daten in Verbindung mit der Vorbereitung, Einreichung und Verteidigung von tatsächlichen oder zu erwartenden rechtlichen Ansprüchen oder Gerichtsverfahren verwenden (einschließlich der Untersuchung von potenziellen Ansprüchen, die wir haben oder von denen wir Kenntnis haben).
Berechtigtes Interesse
: Schutz der Plattform und Einstehen für gesetzliche Rechte und geschäftliches Interesse von uns, unseren Partnern, unseren Nutzern und der Öffentlichkeit.
Verwendete Daten
:
Von Ihnen bereitgestellte Daten
,
automatisch erfasste Daten
und
Daten aus anderen Quellen
.
Kommunikation zu Marketingzwecken zu ermöglichen
.
Wir können Ihnen Marketingnachrichten zur Plattform und zu Produkten und Dienstleistungen von Drittanbietern senden, wenn wir glauben, dass diese für Sie von Interesse sind. Falls erforderlich, holen wir Ihre Einwilligung ein, um Ihnen solche Mitteilungen zu senden.
Berechtigtes Interesse, auf das wir uns berufen
: Um die Plattform sowie Produkte und Dienstleistungen von Dritten zu bewerben.
Verwendete Daten
:
Von Ihnen bereitgestellte Daten
,
automatisch erfasste Daten
und
Daten aus anderen Quellen
.
Ihre Rechte
: Wann immer wir Ihre Daten auf Grund berechtigter Interessen verwenden, können Sie dem widersprechen und die Einschränkung der Verwendung verlangen.
Wenn Sie noch nicht volljährig sind (in den meisten relevanten Ländern unter 18 Jahren) und nur begrenzt in der Lage sind, einen durchsetzbaren Vertrag abzuschließen, und wir Ihre Daten aufgrund vertraglicher Anforderung nicht verarbeiten können, stützen wir uns auf legitime Interessen und verwenden die von uns erfassten Daten, um:
Ihnen die Plattform zur Verfügung zu stellen
Wir verwenden Ihre Daten, um Ihnen den Zugriff auf die Plattform und deren Nutzung zu ermöglichen, einschließlich der Möglichkeit, Inhalte zu erstellen, zu teilen und zu konsumieren, mit anderen zu interagieren, Funktionen zu nutzen und Ihnen Produkte und Dienstleistungen anzubieten, die Sie erwerben.
Berechtigtes Interesse, auf das wir uns berufen
: Bereitstellung, Unterstützung und Pflege von Produkten und Funktionen, die es Nutzern ohne Möglichkeit für einen durchsetzbaren Vertrag mit uns erlauben, mit Inhalten zu kommunizieren, sie zu entdecken, sich mit ihnen zu beschäftigen bzw. sich selbst auszudrücken. Wir stützen uns auch auf das berechtigte Interesse unserer Nutzer, die Plattform auf einfache und intuitive Weise nutzen zu können.
Verwendete Daten
:
Von Ihnen bereitgestellte Daten
,
automatisch erfasste Daten
und
Daten aus anderen Quellen
.
Funktionen und Inhalte zu personalisieren
Außerdem personalisieren wir auf Grundlage Ihrer Daten bestimmte
Funktionen und Inhalte
auf der Plattform, z. B. durch die Bereitstellung Ihres „Für dich“-Feeds, der Ihnen Videos zeigt, von denen wir glauben, dass sie Sie interessieren würden (weitere Informationen finden Sie
hier
) und durch das Vorschlagen von Konten.
Berechtigtes Interesse, auf das wir uns berufen
: Bereitstellung, Unterstützung und Pflege von Produkten und Funktionen, die es Nutzern ohne Möglichkeit für einen durchsetzbaren Vertrag mit uns erlauben, mit Inhalten und Nutzern, die ihren Interessen entsprechen, zu kommunizieren, sie zu entdecken, zu erstellen sich mit ihnen zu beschäftigen. Wir stützen uns auch auf das berechtigte Interesse unserer Nutzer, die keinen durchsetzbaren Vertrag mit uns abschließen können, auf die Plattform und Inhalte zugreifen zu können, die ihren Interessen entsprechen.
Verwendete Daten
:
Von Ihnen bereitgestellte Daten
,
automatisch erfasste Daten
und
Daten aus anderen Quellen
.
Unsere Nutzungsbedingungen, Richtlinien oder Bestimmungen durchzusetzen.
Wir verwenden Ihre Daten, um unsere Nutzungsbedingungen, Richtlinien und Grundsätze durchzusetzen (einschließlich automatisierter Lösungen und menschlicher Moderation). Dies kann eine Altersbeschränkung oder Entfernung von Inhalten, die Beibehaltung unserer „Für dich“-Feed-Förderfähigkeitsstandards oder die Sperrung Ihres Kontos umfassen, wenn wir feststellen, dass Sie gegen unsere Nutzungsbedingungen oder Richtlinien verstoßen.
Berechtigtes Interesse, auf das wir uns berufen
: Um die Plattform frei von schädlichen oder unangemessenen Inhalten zu halten, um verdächtige Aktivitäten oder Verstöße gegen unsere Nutzungsbedingungen, Richtlinien oder Grundsätze zu untersuchen und um die Sicherheit von Nutzern zu schützen, die keinen durchsetzbaren Vertrag mit uns abschließen können, einschließlich der Verhinderung von Ausbeutung oder anderen Schäden, denen diese Personen besonders ausgesetzt sein können. Dies liegt auch im legitimen Interesse unserer Nutzer, die keinen durchsetzbaren Vertrag mit uns abschließen können, und der Öffentlichkeit im Allgemeinen, um schlechte Erfahrungen zu abzuwenden und die Sicherheit, die Integrität und den Schutz zu fördern.
Verwendete Daten
:
Von Ihnen bereitgestellte Daten
,
automatisch erfasste Daten
und
Daten aus anderen Quellen
.
Unsere Dienste zu verwalten.
Wir verwenden die uns vorliegenden Daten zur Verwaltung der Plattform, z. B. um mit Nutzern zu kommunizieren und um Anfragen, Forderungen oder Beschwerden zu beantworten und zu bearbeiten (einschließlich der Mitteilung eines Problems oder Anforderung einer Kopie Ihrer Daten).
Berechtigtes Interesse, auf das wir uns berufen
: Um unseren Nutzern, die keinen durchsetzbaren Vertrag mit uns abschließen können, aussagekräftige Informationen über dienstbezogene Angelegenheiten zukommen zu lassen und ihre Anfragen, Ansprüche und Streitigkeiten zu bearbeiten.
Verwendete Daten
:
Von Ihnen bereitgestellte Daten
,
automatisch erfasste Daten
und
Daten aus anderen Quellen
.
Ihre Rechte
: Wann immer wir Ihre Daten auf Grund berechtigter Interessen verwenden, können Sie dem widersprechen und die Einschränkung der Verwendung verlangen.
Ihre Einwilligung
Wir holen Ihre Einwilligung ein, um auf Ihre Daten zuzugreifen oder sie für bestimmte Zwecke zu verwenden. Wenn wir dies tun, können Sie Ihre Einwilligung jederzeit über die Geräteberechtigungen oder In-App-Einstellungen widerrufen.
Personalisierte Werbung
.
Mit Ihrer Einwilligung zeigen wir Ihnen personalisierte Werbung, die auf Ihren Aktivitäten auf der Plattform und außerhalb der Plattform basiert. Klicken Sie
hier
für mehr Informationen.
Verwendete Daten
:
Von Ihnen bereitgestellte Daten
,
automatisch erfasste Daten
und
Daten aus anderen Quellen
zu diesem Zweck.
Aufbewahrung der Daten Ihrer Zahlungskartendate.
Mit Ihrer Zustimmung speichern wir die Daten Ihrer Zahlungskartendate, um zukünftige Transaktionen über unsere Plattform zu erleichtern.
Verwendete Daten:
Von Ihnen bereitgestellte Daten
Marketingmitteilungen von Verkäufern.
Mit Ihrer Zustimmung erleichtern wir den Versand von Marketingmitteilungen an Sie durch Verkäufer auf unserer Plattform und/oder geben Ihre E-Mail-Adresse an Verkäufer weiter, damit diese Ihnen Marketingmitteilungen senden können.
Verwendete Daten:
Von Ihnen bereitgestellte Daten
und
automatisch erfasste Daten
.
Geräteberechtigungen.
Wir erfassen Informationen, die Sie uns über Ihre gerätebasierten Einstellungen (z. B. Zugriff auf Ihre Kamera, Fotos und Ortungsdienste) gestatten und die wir für die in dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie beschriebenen Zwecke verwenden.
Verwendete Daten:
Von Ihnen bereitgestellte Daten
,
automatisch erfasste Daten
und
Daten aus anderen Quellen
.
Ihre Rechte
: Wann immer wir Ihre Daten auf der Grundlage Ihrer Einwilligung verwenden, können Sie Ihre Einwilligung jederzeit widerrufen. Der Widerruf Ihrer Einwilligung berührt jedoch nicht die Rechtmäßigkeit der Verarbeitung Ihrer Daten auf der Grundlage Ihrer Einwilligung vor dem Widerruf der Einwilligung. Sie können Ihre Einwilligung zu den entsprechenden Einstellungen für personalisierte Werbung widerrufen, indem Sie diese
Anweisungen
befolgen.
Sie haben auch das Recht, Informationen, die Sie uns zur Verfügung gestellt haben und die wir auf der Grundlage Ihrer Einwilligung verwenden, übertragen zu lassen.
Erfüllung einer rechtlichen Verpflichtung
Wir können Ihre Informationen, einschließlich Ihrer
Kontoinformationen
oder
Nutzerinhalte
, verwenden, wenn dies erforderlich ist, um einer rechtlichen Verpflichtung nachzukommen. Dies umfasst Situationen, in denen wir verpflichtet sind, Sie zu kontaktieren, Maßnahmen zu ergreifen, um die Sicherheit unserer Nutzer zu gewährleisten oder einer rechtmäßigen Anfrage nachzukommen, wie z. B. einer Anordnung zur Offenlegung von Regierungsbehörden, von Strafverfolgungsbehörden oder von Gerichten. Im Normalfall verwenden wir dazu die
von Ihnen bereitgestellten Daten
und
automatisch erfasste Daten
, wobei dies von der jeweiligen Situation abhängt.
Erfüllung einer Aufgabe im öffentlichen Interesse
Wir können Ihre Daten verwenden, wenn dies zur Erfüllung einer Aufgabe im öffentlichen Interesse erforderlich ist, einschließlich der Durchführung von Forschungsarbeiten, der Verhütung und Aufdeckung von Straftaten, des Schutzes von Kindern und der Förderung der öffentlichen Sicherheit und Integrität gemäß den geltenden Gesetzen. Im Normalfall verwenden wir dazu die
von Ihnen bereitgestellten Daten
und
automatisch erfasste Daten
, wobei dies von der jeweiligen Situation abhängt.
Ihre Rechte
: Wenn wir Ihre Daten auf der Grundlage verwenden, dass dies für eine Aufgabe im öffentlichen Interesse erforderlich ist, haben Sie das Recht, unserer Verwendung zu widersprechen und eine diesbezügliche Einschränkung zu verlangen.
Schutz wesentlicher Interessen von Personen
Wir können Ihre Daten verwenden, wenn dies notwendig ist, um das Leben, die körperliche Unversehrtheit oder die Sicherheit von Ihnen oder einer anderen Person zu schützen. Dies kann die Übermittlung von Daten an Strafverfolgungsbehörden oder Notdienste in dringenden Situationen zum Schutz von Gesundheit oder Leben beinhalten. Im Normalfall stellen wir dazu die
von Ihnen bereitgestellten Daten
und
automatisch erfasste Daten
zur Verfügung, wobei dies von der jeweiligen Situation abhängt.
Ihre Rechte und Wahlmöglichkeiten
Sie haben Rechte und Wahlmöglichkeiten, wenn es um Ihre Daten geht. Einige dieser Rechte gelten allgemein, während andere nur unter bestimmten Umständen gelten. Je nach Situation können diese Rechte Einschränkungen unterliegen. TikTok Irland ist für die Beantwortung Ihrer Anfrage innerhalb der gesetzlich vorgeschriebenen Fristen verantwortlich. Falls erforderlich, wird sich TikTok Irland mit TikTok UK in Verbindung setzen, um Ihre Anfrage zu bearbeiten.
Auskunft über Ihre Daten.
Sie können von uns verlangen, Ihnen zu bestätigen, welche Daten wir über Sie verarbeiten, Ihnen bestimmte Daten über die Verarbeitung zu geben und eine Kopie Ihrer Daten zu erhalten, jeweils ohne Kosten für Sie. Mit den In-App-Kontrollen können Sie:
auf Ihre Daten zugreifen, die anderen Nutzern zur Verfügung stehen, indem Sie auf die Registerkarte „
Profil
“ in Ihrem Konto navigieren.
eine Kopie Ihrer Daten anfordern, indem Sie das Tool „
Deine Daten herunterladen
“ nutzen. Klicken Sie
hier
für detaillierte Anweisungen.
Löschen Ihrer Daten.
Sie können Ihre Daten löschen oder uns bitten, diese zu löschen. Mit den In-App-Kontrollen können Sie:
die in Ihrem Konto veröffentlichten Inhalte löschen, wie z. B. Ihre
Nutzerinhalte
und Ihre
Kontoinformationen
.
Ihr gesamtes Konto löschen. Klicken Sie
hier
für detaillierte Anweisungen.
die Löschung eines bestimmten Inhalts mithilfe der In-App-Meldefunktion beantragen. (Weitere Informationen finden Sie
hier
).
Berichtigung Ihrer Daten.
Sie können Ihre Daten ändern oder uns auffordern, sie zu ändern oder zu korrigieren, wenn diese Daten nicht korrekt sind. Sie können viele Ihrer Daten über die In-App-Kontrollen und Einstellungen ändern oder korrigieren (z. B. Ihre
Kontoinformationen
und Videoinhalte).
Übertragbarkeit Ihrer Daten.
Sie haben das Recht auf Datenübertragbarkeit in Fällen, in denen wir uns auf die vertragliche Erforderlichkeit und die Einwilligung als Rechtsgrundlage stützen. Das bedeutet, dass Sie das Recht haben, Ihre Daten in einem strukturierten, gängigen und maschinenlesbaren Format zu erhalten und sie an einen Dritten weiterzugeben. Sie können von Ihrem Recht auf Datenübertragbarkeit Gebrauch machen, indem Sie in Ihren Einstellungen die Option „
Deine Daten herunterladen
“ wählen. Klicken Sie
hier
für detaillierte Anweisungen. Sie können Ihre TikTok-Daten auch über die TikTok-API zur Datenübertragung übermitteln. Klicken Sie
hier
für weitere Informationen.
Widerspruch gegen die Verarbeitung Ihrer Daten
. Sie haben unter bestimmten Umständen auch das Recht,
Widerspruch gegen die Verarbeitung
Ihrer Daten einzulegen. Dieses Recht besteht, wenn wir eine Aufgabe im öffentlichen Interesse wahrnehmen, unsere berechtigten Interessen oder die eines Dritten verfolgen oder wenn Ihre Daten unter bestimmten Umständen zum Zwecke der Erleichterung wissenschaftlicher oder historischer Forschung verarbeitet werden. Wenn Sie einen Widerspruch einlegen, geben Sie bitte alle relevanten Informationen an, einschließlich der Verarbeitung, gegen die Sie Widerspruch einlegen, warum Sie Widerspruch einlegen möchten und wie die Verarbeitung Sie betrifft, sowie alle zusätzlichen Informationen, die uns Ihrer Meinung nach bei der Prüfung Ihrer Bitte helfen. Wir werden die betreffende Verarbeitung einstellen, wenn wir keine zwingenden legitimen Gründe haben, diese Verarbeitung fortzusetzen, oder wenn wir sie nicht für rechtliche Ansprüche benötigen.
Einschränkung der Verarbeitung Ihrer Daten
. Sie haben das Recht, die Einschränkung der Verarbeitung Ihrer Daten zu verlangen, wenn (a) Sie die Richtigkeit der Daten beanstanden, (b) die Daten unrechtmäßig verarbeitet wurden, Sie aber der Löschung dieser Daten widersprechen, (c) die Daten für die Verfolgung oder Verteidigung eines Rechtsanspruchs aufbewahrt werden müssen, oder (d) Sie der Verarbeitung widersprochen haben und das Ergebnis dieses Widerspruchbegehrens abwarten.
Um die oben genannten Rechte auszuüben, kontaktieren Sie uns bitte über unser
Webformular
. Bevor wir auf eine Anfrage zur Ausübung eines oder mehrerer der oben genannten Rechte reagieren können, müssen Sie möglicherweise Ihre Identität oder Ihre Kontoinformationen bestätigen oder zusätzliche Informationen zur Verfügung stellen, damit der Antrag nachvollzogen werden kann.
Bitte nutzen Sie die Funktion „
Kontakt
“, wenn Sie mit der Art und Weise, wie wir auf eine Ihrer Anfragen zu Ihren Rechten reagiert haben, nicht zufrieden sind. Sie haben auch das Recht, eine Beschwerde bei der irischen Datenschutzkommission (der für TikTok Irland zuständigen Aufsichtsbehörde) oder bei der für Sie zuständigen Aufsichtsbehörde einzureichen.
Zusätzlich zu diesen Rechten können Sie die Datenschutzeinstellungen für Ihr Konto anpassen. Klicken Sie
hier
für weitere Informationen.
Ihre Entscheidung über die Verwendung von Informationen über verschiedene Dienste hinweg.
Wenn Sie ein Nutzer in der EU sind, bieten wir Ihnen die Möglichkeit, Ihre TikTok-Aktivitätsdaten mit unseren verbundenen Diensten, wie z. B. TikTok Shop, zu kombinieren und zu nutzen, sofern dies gesetzlich vorgeschrieben ist.
Mehr erfahren
.
Datensicherheit und -aufbewahrung
Die Sicherheit Ihrer Daten ist uns wichtig. Wir ergreifen angemessene technische, administrative und physische Sicherheitsmaßnahmen, um Ihre Daten vor unbefugtem Zugriff, Diebstahl, Offenlegung, Änderung oder Verlust zu schützen. Wir überprüfen unsere Sicherheitsmaßnahmen regelmäßig, um verfügbare neue Technologien und Methoden zu berücksichtigen.
Wir bewahren Ihre Daten so lange auf, wie es für die Bereitstellung der Plattform und für die anderen in dieser Datenschutzerklärung genannten Zwecke erforderlich ist. Wir bewahren die Daten auch auf, wenn dies zur Erfüllung vertraglicher und rechtlicher Verpflichtungen erforderlich ist, wenn wir ein berechtigtes Geschäftsinteresse daran haben (z. B. zur Verbesserung und Entwicklung der Plattform und zur Verbesserung der Sicherheit und Stabilität unserer Dienste) und zur Geltendmachung oder Verteidigung von Rechtsansprüchen.
Die Aufbewahrungsfristen sind je nach Art der Daten und den Zwecken, für die wir die Daten verwenden, unterschiedlich. Wenn wir zum Beispiel Ihre Daten verarbeiten, um Ihnen die Plattform zur Verfügung zu stellen, bewahren wir diese Daten so lange auf, wie Sie ein TikTok-Konto haben. Zu diesen Daten gehören Ihre
Kontoinformationen
,
Nutzerinhalte
und
Nachrichten
. Wenn Sie gegen unsere Richtlinien oder Nutzungsbedingungen verstoßen, können wir
von Ihnen bereitgestellte Daten
, darunter Ihre
Kontoinformationen
und/oder
Nutzerinhalte
, sofort aus der öffentlichen Ansicht entfernen, aber Ihre Daten so lange aufbewahren, wie es für die Bearbeitung des Verstoßes erforderlich ist.
Unsere globalen Aktivitäten und Datenübertragungen
Zur Unterstützung unserer globalen Aktivitäten:
Wir speichern die im Abschnitt „
Von uns erfasste Informationen
“ beschriebenen Informationen auf Servern in den USA, Malaysia und Singapur.
Einige Teile unserer Unternehmensgruppe mit Sitz außerhalb Ihres Wohnsitzlandes (siehe
hier
) erhalten einen beschränkten Fernzugriff auf diese Daten, damit sie bestimmte Funktionen bereitstellen können, die im Abschnitt „Unsere Unternehmensgruppe“ unter „
Wie wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten weitergeben
” aufgeführt sind. Der Zugang zu diesen Daten ist eingeschränkt, die Daten sind geschützt und werden nur bei Notwendigkeit und unter Anwendung strenger Sicherheitskontrollen und Autorisierungsprotokollen zugänglich gemacht.
Wir teilen die im Abschnitt „
Von uns erfasste Informationen
“ genannten Daten mit Dienstleistern und anderen Dritten wie im Abschnitt „
Wie wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten weitergeben
“ beschrieben. Diese Dritten können auch außerhalb Ihres Wohnsitzlandes ansässig sein.
Diese Dritten sind verpflichtet, die personenbezogenen Daten ausschließlich entsprechend den geltenden Datenschutzgesetzen und unter Ergreifung angemessener Sicherheitsmaßnahmen zum Schutz Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten zu verarbeiten.
Wenn wir Ihre Daten außerhalb des EWR, des Vereinigten Königreichs oder der Schweiz übermitteln, stellen wir sicher, dass sie gemäß einem angemessenen Datenschutzniveau behandelt werden:
Angemessenheitsentscheidungen. Dabei handelt es sich um Entscheidungen der
Europäischen Kommission
gemäß Artikel 45 DSGVO (oder gleichwertigen Gesetzen), in denen festgestellt wird, dass ein Land ein angemessenes Datenschutzniveau bietet. Wir übermitteln Ihre personenbezogenen Daten, die im Abschnitt „
Von uns erfasste Informationen
“ genannt sind, in Länder, für die Angemessenheitsentscheidungen vorliegen, u.a. in die
hier
aufgeführten Länder, oder
Artikel 49. In Ermangelung eines Angemessenheitsbeschlusses stützen wir uns auf Artikel 49 (1)(b) und (c) der DSGVO, um Kaufinformationen wie in „
Von uns erfasste Informationen
“ beschrieben an Verkäufer und Transaktionsdienste in Ländern ohne Angemessenheitsbeschluss zu übermitteln, wenn dies notwendig ist, um Einkaufsfunktionen bereitzustellen, um den Kauf und die Lieferung von Produkten, Waren und Dienstleistungen zu erleichtern oder um Ihre Bestellungen zu bearbeiten; oder
Standardvertragsklauseln. Die Europäische Kommission hat
Vertragsklauseln
gemäß Artikel 46 der DSGVO genehmigt, die es Unternehmen im EWR ermöglichen, Daten in Länder außerhalb des EWR zu übertragen. Diese Klauseln (und ihre anerkannten Entsprechungen im Vereinigten Königreich und der Schweiz) werden als Standardvertragsklauseln bezeichnet. Wir übermitteln die Daten gemäß den Standardvertragsklauseln zur Übermittlung von Daten, wie in „
Von uns erfasste Informationen
“ beschrieben, an bestimmte Unternehmen unserer Unternehmensgruppe (wie
hier
beschrieben)
und an Dritte in Ländern ohne Angemessenheitsentscheidung.
Ein Exemplar der Angemessenheitsentscheidungen erhalten Sie, wenn Sie sich mit uns über die im Abschnitt „
Kontaktieren Sie uns
“ unten angegebenen Kontaktdaten in Verbindung setzen.
Minderjährige Nutzer
Sie müssen mindestens 13 Jahre alt sein, um die Plattform nutzen zu dürfen. Wenn Sie glauben, dass ein Benutzer dieses Mindestalter noch nicht erreicht hat, melden Sie uns das bitte über dieses
Webformular
.
Um Nutzern unter 18 Jahren ein altersgerechtes Erlebnis zu bieten, sind bestimmte Funktionen nicht verfügbar. Weitere Einzelheiten finden Sie in unserem
Hilfe-Center
.
Wenn Sie der/die Erziehungsberechtigte eines Teenagers sind, finden Sie in unserem
Leitfaden für Erziehungsberechtigte
Informationen und Ressourcen, die Ihnen helfen, die Plattform sowie die Tools und Kontrollen zu verstehen, die Sie oder Ihr Teenager nutzen können, einschließlich der „Begleiteter Modus“-Funktionen.
Aktualisierungen der Datenschutzerklärung
Wir können diese Datenschutzerklärung von Zeit zu Zeit ändern oder aktualisieren. Wir werden Sie über alle wesentlichen Änderungen dieser Datenschutzerklärung durch eine Mitteilung auf der Plattform oder auf anderem Wege informieren. Das Datum „Letzte Aktualisierung“ oben in dieser Datenschutzerklärung ist das Datum des Inkrafttretens solcher Änderungen.
Kontaktieren Sie uns
Sie können uns bezüglich dieser Datenschutzerklärung über unser
Webformular
kontaktieren. Sie können den Datenschutzbeauftragten von TikTok
hier
erreichen.
Sie können uns auch unter der folgenden Postanschrift erreichen.
Für Nutzer aus dem Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum und der Schweiz
: TikTok Technology Limited, The Sorting Office, Ropemaker Place, Dublin 2, Dublin, D02 HD23, Ireland.
Für Nutzer aus dem Vereinigten Königreich
: TikTok Information Technologies UK Limited, Kaleidoscope, 4 Lindsey Street, London, EC1A 9HP, Vereinigtes Königreich.
Sub-policy 4
https://vimeo.com/privacy:
Solutions
Video marketing
Power your marketing strategy with perfectly branded videos to drive better ROI.
Event marketing
Host virtual events and webinars to increase engagement and generate leads.
Employee communication
Inspire employees with compelling live and on-demand video experiences.
Video monetization
Build a site and generate income from purchases, subscriptions, and courses.
Features
Create
Interactive video
Live stream
Screen recorder
Create video maker
Online video editor
Hire a video pro
Manage
Video library
Ad-free player
Video hosting
Privacy
Grow
Small business
Enterprise
Webinars
Video analytics
Video monetization
DEMO VIDEOS
Get to know everything Vimeo can do for your business.
Watch now
Resources
Learn
Vimeo blog
Video School
Customer stories
Investor Relations
Connect
Developer tools
Partner program
Creative community
Help center
Watch
Best of the Year
Browse Videos
Staff Picks
Categories
Channels
On Demand
Pricing
Contact Sales
Log in
Join
Help
Pricing
Log in
Join
Settings
Language
Mature content filter
Watch
More
Vimeo OTT
On Demand
Stock
Vimeo Experts
For Hire
Referrals
Legal
Terms
Privacy
U.S. State Privacy
Copyright
Cookies
Log in
Join
Login
Solutions
Power your marketing strategy with perfectly branded videos to drive better ROI.
Host virtual events and webinars to increase engagement and generate leads.
Inspire employees with compelling live and on-demand video experiences.
Build a site and generate income from purchases, subscriptions, and courses.
Features
Interactive video
Live stream
Screen recorder
Create video maker
Online video editor
Hire a video pro
Video library
Ad-free player
Video hosting
Privacy
Small business
Enterprise
Webinars
Video analytics
Video monetization
Resources
Vimeo blog
Video School
Customer stories
Investor Relations
Developer tools
Partner program
Creative community
Help center
Watch
Pricing
Contact Sales
Search
Search
Upload
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Copyright
Cookies
Desktop site
Language
English
Español
Deutsch
Français
日本語
Português
한국어
FAQ
Help
TM + © 2025 Vimeo.com, Inc.
Sub-policy 5
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-GB&gl=de:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information that Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand that this is a big responsibility and we work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it and how you can update, manage, export and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to find out more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Check-Up
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Check-Up
Effective 16 September 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information that Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites and devices, such as Search, YouTube and Google Home
Platforms such as the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content such as emails and photos, or to see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all; for example, searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information that Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users – from figuring out basic stuff such as which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information that we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application or
device
that you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things that you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content that you create, upload or receive from others when using our services. This includes things such as email you write and receive, photos and videos that you save, docs and spreadsheets you create and comments that you make on YouTube videos.
Information that we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers and
devices
that you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features such as automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information that we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including operator name and phone number and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time and referrer URL of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers – for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and operator name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video that you might like. The activity information that we collect may include:
Terms that you search for
Videos that you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history that you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products that you’re using and the settings that you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products that you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
; for example, from your searches or
places that you label such as home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data that we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services which provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information that we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, such as processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure that our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services – for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organised their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalised services, including content and ads
We use the information that we collect to customise our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalised content and
customised search results
. For example,
Security Check-Up
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps that you’ve already installed and videos that you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps that you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalised ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for 'mountain bikes', you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Centre
.
We don’t show you personalised ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation or health.
We don’t show you personalised ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the 'tap to call' button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Centre
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyse data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimise product design. And we also use data about the ads which you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information that we collect, such as your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, such as an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks and technical issues that could harm Google, our users or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyse your content to provide you with things like customised search results, personalised ads or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyse your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognise patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases that you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information that we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. For example, this helps people identify an email coming from you.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it’s used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Check-Up
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products – you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Check-Up
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content that you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos that you watch and the things that you search for are saved in your account so that you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so that you can get more personalised experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps and devices that use Google services
, such as apps that you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Centre
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, such as reviews and recommendations, which appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches that you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalisation:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information that Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things such as remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads, depending on your Shared Endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organisations or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third-party apps and sites
that you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student, or work for an organisation that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, such as your email
View statistics regarding your account, such as how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our privacy policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centres, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety, and analyse and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests that we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners – such as publishers, advertisers, developers or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorised access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Check-Up and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorised access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data that we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content that you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to get it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymised automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymised form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes for us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so that you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service that you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms that you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data that you've requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos that you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your delivery address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service that you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people that you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email that you receive may be used to create a ‘check-in’ button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’ information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you to share your location using
Google Location Sharing
so that others can find you on a map or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent and provide you with controls to
review and manage third-party apps and sites
that you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings, but could include the following:
Things that you create or provide to us
:
Content that you create, upload or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide to us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers and devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application or device that you’re using and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers and devices with our services (like IP address, crash reports and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history that you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings, but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video or processing, fulfilling and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people that you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products and features
To maintain the service so that it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. If we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help us understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyse data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us to discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyse which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyse usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and to increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyse queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google’s servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings, but could include the following:
Things that you create or provide to us
:
Content that you create, upload or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide to us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers and devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application or device that you’re using and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers and devices with our services (like IP address, crash reports and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history that you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings, but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure that they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analysing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analysing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organised their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us to design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google to develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products, such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings, but could include the following:
Things that you create or provide to us
:
Content that you create, upload or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide to us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers and devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application or device that you’re using and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers and devices with our services (like IP address, crash reports and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history that you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings, but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google's first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that's publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google's AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalised services, including content and ads
To customise our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalised content and customised search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Check-up feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like ‘Send a text to John Smith’.
Google Play uses information like apps that you’ve already installed and videos that you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps that you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site that you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalised ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for ‘mountain bikes’ or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalised ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser’s website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings, but could include the following:
Things that you create or provide to us
:
Content that you create, upload or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide to us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers and devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application or device that you’re using and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers and devices with our services (like IP address, crash reports and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history that you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings, but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like ‘Send a text to John Smith’.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customise our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site that you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalised, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos that you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalised ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance – we use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyse data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimise product design.
We use data about the ads that you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times that a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyses data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings, but could include the following:
Things that you create or provide to us
:
Content that you create, upload or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide to us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers and devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application or device that you’re using and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers and devices with our services (like IP address, crash reports and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history that you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings, but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analysing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analysing the number of times that a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analysing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfil obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you – we use information that we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues that you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings, but could include the following:
Things that you create or provide to us
:
Content that you create, upload or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide to us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers and devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application or device that you’re using and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers and devices with our services (like IP address, crash reports and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history that you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings, but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks and technical issues that could harm Google, our users or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyse IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The 'last account activity' feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location and the date and time of access.
We analyse your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
As with other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data that you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment that you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth that you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings, but could include the following:
Things that you create or provide to us
:
Content that you create, upload or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide to us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers and devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application or device that you’re using and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers and devices with our services (like IP address, crash reports and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history that you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings, but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analysing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware and illegal content.
Detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analysing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure that it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA and your linked services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organisations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date when the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children and teens
Voice and audio collection from children’s features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organisation that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings:
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Check-Up
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety centre
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s teen privacy guide
provides answers to some of the top questions that we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an Internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in 'local storage' mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and re-opened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognise your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners’ sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorised access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number, known as an Internet Protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or refers to an individually identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination web page by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last web page the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for 'cars' looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences and providing personalised advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognise a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customise our service to your device or analyse device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area that you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least three sq. km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third-party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways that you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads that you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for 'pizza'. Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programmes so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers, which don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services such as Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialler, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input and security features. Learn more about
Google Play services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymise data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research and provide transparency about these requests.
customised search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can obtain more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customised search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customisation, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalisation
.
Customising our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos that you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email that you receive may be used to create a 'check-in' button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your delivery address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service that you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
) and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to the appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie that you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyse how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, such as Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer) and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (such as MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
As with other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data that you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Find out more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyse how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyse its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyses these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over two million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, such as apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, such as a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect date of birth indicating that you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalised ads
You may also see personalised ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser’s website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places that you label like home and work
You might choose to save places that are important to you, such as your home or your work, to your Google Account. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses at any time in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that's publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google's AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business' information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analysing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The 'last account activity' feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalised ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things such as 'Cooking and Recipes' or 'Air Travel'. We don’t use topics or show personalised ads based on sensitive categories such as race, religion, sexual orientation or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
who use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to work out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centres located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
Similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps that we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data that you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
that you’ve left on apps, games and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronisation with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc or Bcc field of an email you’re composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability, and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report usage statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information that we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content that you have in other Google products, such as Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things such as the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant and hotel reservations or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by auto-completing their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalised content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, for example sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions that you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so that we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely to have been seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like 'Hey Google', Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, for example from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
, and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Find out more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Centre
A drop-down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 6
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy:
Privacy Center home
Search
Privacy topics
More privacy resources
Privacy Policy
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
What information do we collect?
How do we use your information?
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
How do we share information with third parties?
How do the Meta Companies work together?
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
How long do we keep your information?
How do we transfer information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
How will you know the Policy has changed?
How to contact Meta with questions
Legal basis information
Other policies and articles
Settings
Privacy Policy
How we use info for AI at Meta
Based on feedback from regulators, we’re still delaying our plans to use your information from Meta Products to develop and improve
AI at Meta
. We’ll let you know before we start using this information for this purpose, and how you can exercise your right to object.
Other updates
We're updating our Privacy Policy. The updates go into effect on April 7, 2025.
Read the new policy.
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
Effective November 14, 2024
|
View printable version
|
See previous versions
Highlights
We at Meta want you to understand what information we collect, and how we use and share it. That’s why we encourage you to read our Privacy Policy. This helps you use
Meta Products
in the way that’s right for you.
In the Privacy Policy, we explain how we collect, use, share, retain and transfer information. We also let you know your rights. Each section of this Policy includes helpful examples and simpler language to make our practices easier to understand. We’ve also added links to resources where you can learn more about the privacy topics that interest you.
It's important to us that you know how to control your privacy, so we also show you where you can manage your information in the settings of the Meta Products you use. You can
update these settings
to shape your experience.
Read the full Policy below.
What Products does this Policy cover?
Learn more in Privacy Center about managing your privacy
What information do we collect?
Highlights
The information we collect and process about you depends on how you use our
Products
. For example, we collect different information if you sell furniture on Marketplace than if you post a reel on Instagram. When you use our Products, we collect some information about you
even if you don't have an account
.
Here's the information we collect:
Your activity and information you provide
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
Information from partners, vendors and other third parties
What if you don’t let us collect certain information?
Some information is required for our Products to work. Other information is optional, but without it, the quality of your experience might be affected.
Learn more
What if the information we collect doesn’t identify individuals?
In some cases information is de-identified, aggregated, or anonymized by third parties so that it no longer identifies individuals before it’s made available to us. We use this information as described below without trying to re-identify individuals.
Take control
Manage the information we collect about you
Privacy Center
How do we use your information?
Highlights
We use
information we collect
to provide a personalized experience to you, including ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products), along with the other purposes we explain in detail below.
For some of these purposes, we use information
across our Products
from the accounts you choose to add to your Accounts Center, and
across your devices
. The information we use for these purposes is automatically processed by our systems. But in some cases, we also use
manual review
to access and review your information.
To use less information that’s connected to individual users, in some cases we de-identify or aggregate information or anonymize it so that it no longer identifies you. We use this information in the same ways we use your information as described in this section.
Here are the ways we use your information:
To provide, personalize and improve our Products
We use information we have to provide and improve our
Products
. This includes personalizing features, content and
recommendations
, such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
, Stories and ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products). We use
information with special protections
you choose to provide for these purposes, but not to show you ads.
Read more about how we use information to provide, personalize and improve our Products:
How we show ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
How we use information to improve our Products
How we use location-related information
To promote safety, security and integrity
We use information we collect to help protect people from harm and provide safe, secure Products.
Learn more
To provide measurement, analytics and business services
Lots of people rely on our Products to run or promote their businesses or share content. We help them measure how well their ads and other content, products and services are working.
Learn more
To communicate with you
We communicate with you using information you've given us, like contact information you've entered on your profile.
Learn more
To research and innovate for social good
We use information we have, information from researchers and datasets from publicly available sources, professional groups and non-profit groups to conduct and support research.
Learn more
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
Highlights
On Meta Products
Learn more about the different cases when your information can be shared on our
Products
:
People and accounts you share and communicate with
Content others share or reshare about you
Public content
With integrated partners
You can choose to connect with
integrated partners
who use our Products. If you do, these integrated partners receive information about you and your activity.
These integrated partners can always access information that’s public on our Products. Learn more about other information they receive and how they handle your information:
When you use an integrated partner’s product or service
When you interact with someone else’s content on an integrated partner’s product or service
How integrated partners handle your information
Take control
Learn more about audiences
Privacy Center
Manage apps and websites
How do we share information with third parties?
Highlights
We don't sell any of your information to anyone, and we never will. We also require
partners
and other
third parties
to follow rules about how they can and cannot use and disclose the information we provide.
Here’s more detail about who we share information with:
Partners
Advertisers and Audience Network publishers (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
Partners who use our analytics services
Partners who offer goods or services on our Products and commerce services platforms
Integrated partners
Vendors
Measurement vendors
Marketing vendors
Service providers
Service providers
Third parties
External researchers
AI integrations
Other third parties
We also share information with other
third parties
in response to legal requests, to comply with applicable law or to prevent harm.
Read the Policy
.
And if we sell or transfer all or part of our business to someone else, in some cases we’ll give the new owner your information as part of that transaction, but only as the law allows.
How do the Meta Companies work together?
Highlights
We are part of the
Meta Companies
that provide Meta Company Products.
Meta Company Products
include all the
Meta Products
covered by this Policy, plus other products like WhatsApp and more.
We share information we collect, infrastructure, systems and technology with the other Meta Companies.
Learn more
about how we transfer information to other countries.
We also process information that we receive about you from other Meta Companies, according to their terms and policies and as permitted by applicable law. In some cases, Meta acts as a
service provider
for other Meta Companies. We act on their behalf and in accordance with their instructions and terms.
Why we share across the Meta Companies
Meta Products share information with other Meta Companies:
To promote safety, security and integrity and comply with applicable laws
To provide optional features and integrations
To understand how people use and interact with Meta Company Products
See some examples
of why we share.
More resources
Review the privacy policies of the other Meta Companies
Facebook Help Center
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
Highlights
Under applicable data protection law, companies must have a legal basis to process personal data. When we talk about "processing personal data," we mean the ways we collect, use and share your information, as we described in the other sections of this Policy above.
What is our legal basis?
You have the following rights under GDPR and other relevant data protection laws:
Access and correct information
Withdraw consent
Port your information
Download your information
Erase information
Object
Make a complaint
How long do we keep your information?
Highlights
We keep information as long as we need it to provide our Products, comply with legal obligations or protect our or other’s interests. We decide how long we need information on a case-by-case basis. Here’s what we consider when we decide:
If we need it to operate or provide our Products. For example, we need to keep some of your information to maintain your account.
Learn more
.
The feature we use it for, and how that feature works. For example, messages sent using Messenger’s vanish mode are retained for less time than regular messages.
Learn more
.
How long we need to retain the information to comply with certain legal obligations.
See some examples
.
If we need it for other legitimate purposes, such as to prevent harm; investigate possible violations of our terms or policies; promote safety, security and integrity; or protect ourselves, including our rights, property or products
In some instances and for specific reasons, we’ll keep information for an extended period of time.
Read our Policy
about when we may preserve your information.
How do we transfer information?
Highlights
Why is information transferred to other countries?
Where is information transferred?
How do we safeguard your information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
Highlights
We access, preserve, use and share your information:
In response to legal requests, like search warrants, court orders, production orders or subpoenas. These requests come from
third parties
such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
Learn more
about when we respond to legal requests.
In accordance with applicable law
To promote the safety, security and integrity of
Meta Products
, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
.
We may access or preserve your information for an extended amount of time.
Learn more
.
How will you know the Policy has changed?
We'll notify you before we make material changes to this Policy. You’ll have the opportunity to review the revised Policy before you choose to continue using our Products.
How to contact Meta with questions
You can learn more about how privacy works on
Facebook
and on
Instagram
, and in the
Facebook Help Center
. If you have questions about this Policy, or have questions, complaints or requests regarding your information, you can contact us as described below.
The data controller responsible for your information is Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, which you can
contact online
, or by mail at:
Meta Platforms Ireland Limited
ATTN: Privacy Operations
Merrion Road
Dublin 4
D04 X2K5, Ireland
Contact the Data Protection Officer
for Meta Platforms Ireland Limited.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with Meta Platforms Ireland's lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission, or your local supervisory authority.
Legal basis information
Consent
We process information as described below when you have given us your consent to do so, which we may ask through in-product experiences, to enable particular features, or to enable device-based settings. The categories of information we use and why and how they are processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Processing information with special protections that you provide so we can share it with those you choose, to provide, personalise and improve our Products and to undertake analytics.  We’ll collect, store, publish and apply automated, or sometimes manual, processing for these purposes.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Any information with special protections that you choose to provide, such as your religious views, your sexual orientation, political views, health, racial or ethnic origin, philosophical beliefs or trade union membership, or as part of surveys you choose to participate in, and where you have given your explicit consent
Personalizing ads on the Meta Products:
If we show you ads on Meta Products, including Meta Audience Network, depending on your
settings
, we will use your information across the account(s) in your Accounts Centre to show you ads, including using cookies, to personalize your ads and measure how those ads perform.
If we show you ads on Meta Products, our ads system automatically processes information that we've collected and stored associated with you. In accordance with your Ad settings, our ads system uses this information to understand your interests and your preferences and personalize your ads across the Meta Products.
Learn more
about your Ad settings.
Our ads system prioritizes what ad to show you based on what audience advertisers want to reach. Then we match the ad to people who might be interested.
Learn more
about how our ads system works.
Learn more
about how we choose the ads that you see.
You can change your choice at any time in your “Ad Preferences”.
Your activity and information that you provide
:
Content that you create, such as posts, comments or audio
Content that you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content, including ads, that you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features that you use and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions that you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you're doing on your device, such as whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users'
Device signals
Information that you've shared through your device settings (e.g. GPS location)
Information about the network that you connect your device to
Location-related  information
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Using information from partners, vendors and other third parties to tailor the ads you see: If we show you ads on Meta Products, with your consent we’ll use information that partners, vendors and other third parties provide us about activity off the Meta Products and that we have associated with you to personalize ads that we show you on the Meta Products, and on websites, apps and devices that use our advertising services. We receive this information whether or not you’re logged in or have an account on our Products, see the
Cookies Policy
for more information.
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request when you use some of our Products. For example, when you direct us we share your email address or other information that you might choose to share with an advertiser so that they can contact you with additional information about a promoted product. The type of third party and categories of information shared depend on the circumstances of what you ask us to share.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like your contact, profile or other information, like posts or comments
Collecting information that you allow us to receive through the device-based settings you enable (such as access to your GPS location, camera or photos) which we use to provide the features or services described when you enable the setting.
App, browser and device information
:
Information from device settings
Verifying your identity or account, or helping to protect against suspicious activity including impersonation and identity misuse, using face analysis which may include facial recognition technology if you select it.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Your account information, profile photo, or
your photo or video selfie, if you choose to provide it
When we process information that you provide to us based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal. You also have the right to port that information you provide to us based on your consent. To exercise your rights, visit your device-based settings, and visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings and our Help Centers.
Performance of a contract
For all people who have the legal capacity to enter into an enforceable contract (for example, by being the age of majority or above in their country of residence), we process information as necessary to conclude and perform our contracts with you (the
Meta Terms
and
Instagram Terms
, the
Supplemental Meta Platforms Technologies Terms of Service
, the
Supplemental Portal Terms of Service
, the
Meta AI Terms of Service
and the
Supplemental Meta View Terms of Service
, together, the “terms"). The purposes for which we process information for our contracts, the categories of information we use and how information is processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Personalising the Meta Products (other than ads): Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories); and
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, and in some instances not only automated processing but also manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features,
Undertake analytics, and
Facilitate your purchases and payments on Meta Pay or other Meta checkout experiences.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts, identity and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the
Oversight Board
,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review and, in some cases, remove content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To communicate with you: We use information you’ve given us (like contact information on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
We’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your e-mail address to respond when you contact us.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Transferring, storing or processing your information globally. We share information we collect globally, both internally across our offices and data centers and externally with our partners, third parties and service providers. Because Meta is global, with users, partners and employees around the world, transfers are necessary to:
Operate and provide the services described in the terms that apply to the Meta Product(s) you are using. This includes allowing you to share information and connect with your family and friends around the globe; and
So we can fix, analyze and improve our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
We'll use the information we have to provide these services; if you choose not to provide certain information (other than limited account information which is necessary to create a
Facebook account
or an
Instagram account
), your experience using the Meta Products may be affected. For example, you may see less relevant recommendations on the Products, or your use of the Products may be restricted.
When we process information that you provide to us as necessary for concluding or performing our contracts with you, you have the right to port it under the GDPR. To exercise your rights, visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings, or learn more in our Help Centers.
Compliance with a legal obligation
The categories of information we use, why we process your information based on compliance with a legal obligation and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
For processing information when the law requires it: Where we are under an obligation to disclose information such as, for example, if we receive a valid legal request for certain information (such as an Irish search warrant), we will access, preserve and / or share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others.
The way in which the information will be processed depends on the specific circumstances, see
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and integrity?
for more.
Information for Law Enforcement Authorities
provides information on the operational guidelines law enforcement needs to follow.
Examples of Irish and EU laws enforceable in Ireland that could give rise to an obligation requiring us to process the information we hold about you are:
Civil and commercial matters: where we are in receipt of a court order or otherwise required to disclose information for the purposes of court proceedings, such as under Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters.
Criminal matters: to comply with requests from Irish law enforcement to provide information in relation to an investigation, such as under Section 10 of the Criminal Justice (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1997 as amended by 6(1)(a) of the Criminal Justice Act 2006, or to take steps to report information to law enforcement where required.
Consumer matters: to comply with our obligations under consumer law such as the Competition and Consumer Protection Act 2014.
Corporate and taxation matters: to comply with our obligations such as the Companies Act 2014.
Regulatory matters: to comply with our obligations to engage with regulators, such as the Data Protection Commission under the General Data Protection Regulation and the Data Protection Act 2018.
Financial matters: to comply with our obligations under applicable financial services law such as the European Union (Payment Services) Regulations 2018
View the
current list of laws
which are enforceable in Ireland that give rise to a legal obligation for Meta which results in the processing of information. New laws may be enacted or other obligations may become binding on our processing of your information which may require us to process your information and we will update this list from time to time.
The categories of information depend on the specific circumstances of each mandatory request or obligation. Only the information necessary to comply with the relevant legal obligation will be processed. For example, for civil matters, this will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information). However, depending on the circumstances it could include the following:
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Legitimate interests
We rely on our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of a third party, where they are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms ("legitimate interests"). The categories of information we use, the legitimate interests relied on and why and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Legitimate interests relied on
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
If you are a registered user of the Meta Products
For people under the age of majority (under 18, in most applicable countries) who have a limited ability to enter into an enforceable contract only, where we may be unable to process your information on the grounds of contractual necessity.
Personalising the Meta Products: Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
News Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories),
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Learn more
about how we use information about you to personalise your experience on and across Meta Products and how we choose the ads that you see.
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
(other than using partner data to tailor ads to you)
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, automated processing, and in some instances manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide advertising products,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features, and
Undertake analytics.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To enable people under the age of majority to use and connect to the Meta Products in an easy and intuitive manner.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public profile information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the Oversight Board,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review, and in some cases remove, content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on the Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
To secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, and to protect the safety of people under the age of majority, including to prevent exploitation or other harms to which such individuals may be particularly vulnerable.
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating with you:
We use information you have given us (like contact information you’ve entered on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
we’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your email address to respond to you when you contact us.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
For all people, including those under the age of majority
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and how their content is performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help users, businesses, and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their content, websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realise using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our other partners; and
In the interests of developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
If we show you ads on Meta Products:
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, advertisers and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, advertisers and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's ads, content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and ads, and how their content and ads are performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help businesses, advertisers and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, advertisers, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realize using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our advertisers and other partners; and
In the interests of advertisers, developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content and advertising on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating, engaging and sharing across the Meta Company Products:
To provide a seamless, consistent and richer, innovative, experience across the Meta Company Products and to enable cross app interactions, sharing, viewing and engaging with content, including posts and videos.
In our interest to provide seamless, consistent and richer, innovative communication, engagement and sharing experiences across Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Business intelligence and analytics:
To understand, in aggregate, your usage of and across our Products, to accurately count people and businesses; and
Validate metrics directly related to these, in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to adhere to (shareholder/earning) reporting obligations.
In our interest to measure the use of our Products and count the people who interact with our Products in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to enable provision of accurate and reliable reporting.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Location-related information
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you:
Depending on your settings, we’ll share marketing communications with you.
We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide, including your contact information like e-mail address
App, browser and device information
:
Device identifiers
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from researchers we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
For example, we analyse information that we have about migration patterns during crises. This helps relief organizations get aid to the right places.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation of information as well as manual (human) review, and share information, as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programmes.
In our interest and those of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Anonymising your information
In some cases, we anonymise information we have about you, such as your activity on and off our Products, and use the resulting information, for example, to provide and improve our Meta Products, including ads.
In our interest to fund our provision of the Meta Products, provide relevant advertising to users, and improve ads delivery and Meta Products;
In the interests of advertisers to help them to reach relevant audiences who may be interested in their information, products or services;
In the interests of users that Meta practice data minimisation and privacy by design in respect of their information
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to legal requests.
See
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promote safety, integrity and security in limited circumstances outside of the performance of our contracts with you:
Our Meta Products are delivered to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We apply automated processing, as well as manual (human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request:
You may choose to share your contact information, profile information and other data with our partners: The types of partners with whom information is shared depends on the features of our service that you use and the manner in which you choose to use them. For example, you may choose to share your email address, birthday, friends list, hometown or other information with a partner if you choose to connect your Facebook account to their app.
To deliver  quality experiences to users who use our partners’ apps, in our best interest and in the interest of our users.
To facilitate and improve users' experiences in their apps, in the interests of our partners who want to facilitate and improve consumers' experiences in their apps.
Information you provide (for example, your email address, birthday, friends’ list and hometown).
If you are using a device we cannot associate with a registered user of the Meta Products
Promote safety, integrity and security:
Our Meta Products are delivered in a manner to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We collect and store information we have for this purpose and apply automated processing and manual (i.e. human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and research and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users generally and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you: We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail address.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide including your contact information like your e-mail address
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from research partners we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programs.
In our interest and in the interest of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to
legal requests
.
See '
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
' for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Provide and improve our Products:
We use information we collect to:
Provide products and curate features
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To improve the Meta Company Products in a consistent manner, to correct technical glitches, and to optimise functionality.
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary to pursue our legitimate interests or those of a third party, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, such processing; to exercise your right, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings.
We will consider several factors when assessing an objection, including: our users' reasonable expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort. Unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons, your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
If you are under the age of majority in your country and there is no enforceable contract in place, we will take particular account of the fact that you are below the age of majority when conducting our assessment of our legitimate interests and the balancing  of your interests and rights. We provide specific protections for people below the age of majority to ensure that they are aware of the risks, consequences, safeguards and rights associated with the processing of their information.
Tasks carried out in the public interest
The purposes for which we anticipate processing your information as a task in the public interest, the processing we undertake, and the information we use is set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Undertaking research for social good:  We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to undertake research and other tasks in the public interest, such as sharing relevant research data with third parties like international organisations and academics both in and outside the EEA. The public interest is required to be laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Articles 168 and 179 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To promote safety, integrity and security: In limited fact specific circumstances, we will access, preserve and share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others where necessary to perform a task in the public interest. For example, we might share information with others for the purposes of combatting unlawful or harmful behaviour where it is in the public interest to do so and where the public interest is laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Section 53 of the Data Protection Act 2018 and Regulation (EU) 2021/1232.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from Partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary for a task carried out in the public interest, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, our processing. To exercise your rights, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings. In assessing an objection, we will consider several factors, including: our users' reasonable user expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort.
Your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information, unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
Protection of your vital interests or that of another person
The categories of information we use, why we process your information to protect your vital interests or those of another person and how it’s processed are set out below
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Protecting the vital interests of you and/or those of another person: We apply automated processing techniques, conduct manual (human) review and share information, including with law enforcement and others, in circumstances where someone’s vital interests require protection, such as in the case of emergencies. These vital interests include protection of your life, physical or mental health, wellbeing or integrity or that of others, and detecting, removing, and reporting illegal content. In protecting such vital interests we aim to combat harmful conduct and promote safety, integrity and security, including, for example, when we are investigating reports of harmful conduct or taking appropriate action, such as sharing information with relevant authorities, when someone needs help.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content,
subject to applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Sub-policy 7
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy:
Skip to main content
LinkedIn respects your privacy
LinkedIn and 3rd parties use essential and non-essential cookies to provide, secure, analyze and improve our Services, and to show you relevant ads (including
professional and job ads
) on and off LinkedIn. Learn more in our
Cookie Policy
.
Select Accept to consent or Reject to decline non-essential cookies for this use. You can update your choices at any time in your
settings
.
Accept
Reject
Privacy Policy
Effective September 18, 2024
LinkedIn's global Privacy Policy below applies worldwide. If you're located in the EU, EEA, UK, or Switzerland, you can review additional information that will apply to you in our
European Regional Privacy Notice
.
Your Privacy Matters
LinkedIn’s mission is to connect the world’s professionals to allow them to be more productive and successful. Central to this mission is our commitment to be transparent about the data we collect about you, how it is used and with whom it is shared.
This Privacy Policy applies when you use our Services (described below). We offer our users
choices
about the data we collect, use and share as described in this Privacy Policy,
Cookie Policy
, Settings and our
Help Center.
Choices
﻿
Settings
are available to Members of LinkedIn and Visitors are provided separate controls.
Learn More
.
Table of Contents
Data We Collect
How We Use Your Data
How We Share Information
Your Choices and Obligations
Other Important Information
Introduction
We are a social network and online platform for professionals. People use our Services to find and be found for business opportunities, to connect with others and find information. Our Privacy Policy applies to any Member or Visitor to our Services.
Our registered users (“Members”) share their professional identities, engage with their network, exchange knowledge and professional insights, post and view relevant content, learn and develop skills, and find business and career opportunities. Content and data on some of our Services is viewable to non-Members (“Visitors”).
We use the term “Designated Countries” to refer to countries in the European Union (EU), European Economic Area (EEA), and Switzerland. Members and Visitors located in the Designated Countries or the UK can review additional information in our
European Regional Privacy Notice
.
Services
This Privacy Policy, including our Cookie Policy applies to your use of our Services.
This Privacy Policy applies to LinkedIn.com, LinkedIn-branded apps, and other LinkedIn-branded sites, apps, communications and services offered by LinkedIn (“Services”), including off-site Services, such as our ad services and the “Apply with LinkedIn” and “Share with LinkedIn” plugins, but excluding services that state that they are offered under a different privacy policy. For California residents, additional disclosures required by California law may be found in our
California Privacy Disclosure
.
Data Controllers and Contracting Parties
If you are in the “Designated Countries”, LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company (“LinkedIn Ireland”) will be the controller of your personal data provided to, or collected by or for, or processed in connection with our Services.
If you are outside of the Designated Countries, LinkedIn Corporation will be the controller of (or business responsible for) your personal data provided to, or collected by or for, or processed in connection with our Services.
As a Visitor or Member of our Services, the collection, use and sharing of your personal data is subject to this Privacy Policy and other documents referenced in this Privacy Policy, as well as updates.
Change
Changes to the Privacy Policy apply to your use of our Services after the “effective date.”
LinkedIn (“we” or “us”) can modify this Privacy Policy, and if we make material changes to it, we will provide notice through our Services, or by other means, to provide you the opportunity to review the changes before they become effective. If you object to any changes, you may
close your account.
You acknowledge that your continued use of our Services after we publish or send a notice about our changes to this Privacy Policy means that the collection, use and sharing of your personal data is subject to the updated Privacy Policy, as of its effective date.
1. Data We Collect
1.1 Data You Provide To Us
You provide data to create an account with us.
Registration
To create an account you need to provide data including your name, email address and/or mobile number, general location (e.g., city), and a password. If you register for a premium Service, you will need to provide payment (e.g., credit card) and billing information.
You create your LinkedIn profile (a complete profile helps you get the most from our Services).
Profile
You have
choices
about the information on your profile, such as your education, work experience, skills, photo,
city or area
, endorsements, and optional
verifications
of information on your profile (such as verifications of your identity or workplace). You don’t have to provide additional information on your profile; however, profile information helps you to get more from our Services, including helping recruiters and business opportunities find you. It’s your choice whether to include
sensitive information
on your profile and to make that sensitive information public. Please do not post or add personal data to your profile that you would not want to be publicly available.
You may give other data to us, such as by syncing your calendar.
Posting and Uploading
We collect personal data from you when you provide, post or upload it to our Services, such as when you fill out a form, (e.g., with demographic data or salary), respond to a survey, or submit a resume or fill out a job application on our Services.
If you sync your calendars with our Services, we will collect your calendar meeting information to keep growing your network by suggesting connections for you and others, and by providing information about events, e.g. times, places, attendees and contacts.
You don’t have to post or upload personal data; though if you don’t, it may limit your ability to grow and engage with your network over our Services.
1.2 Data From Others
Others may post or write about you.
Content and News
You and others may post content that includes information about you (as part of articles, posts, comments, videos) on our Services. We also may collect public information about you, such as professional-related news and accomplishments, and make it available as part of our Services, including, as permitted by your settings, in notifications to others of
mentions in the news
.
Others may sync their calendar with our Services
Contact and Calendar Information
We receive personal data (including contact information) about you when others import or sync their calendar with our Services, associate their contacts with Member profiles, scan and upload business cards, or send messages using our Services (including invites or connection requests). If you or others opt-in to sync email accounts with our Services, we will also collect “email header” information that we can associate with Member profiles.
Customers and partners may provide data to us.
Partners
We receive personal data (e.g., your job title and work email address) about you when you use the services of our customers and partners, such as employers or prospective employers and applicant tracking systems providing us job application data.
Related Companies and Other Services
We receive data about you when you use some of the other services provided by us or our
Affiliates
, including Microsoft. For example, you may choose to send us information about your contacts in Microsoft apps and services, such as Outlook, for improved professional networking activities on our Services
1.3 Service Use
We log your visits and use of our Services, including mobile apps.
We log usage data when you visit or otherwise use our Services, including our sites, app and platform technology, such as when you view or click on content (e.g., learning video) or ads (on or off our sites and apps), perform a search, install or update one of our mobile apps, share articles or apply for jobs. We use log-ins, cookies,
device information
and internet protocol (“IP”) addresses to identify you and log your use.
1.4 Cookies and Similar Technologies
We collect data through cookies and similar technologies.
As further described in our
Cookie Policy
, we use cookies and similar technologies (e.g., pixels and ad tags) to collect data (e.g., device IDs) to recognize you and your device(s) on, off and across different services and devices where you have engaged with our Services. We also allow some others to use cookies as described in our Cookie Policy. If you are outside the Designated Countries, we also collect (or rely on others who collect) information about your device where you have not engaged with our Services (e.g., ad ID, IP address, operating system and browser information) so we can provide our Members with relevant ads and better understand their effectiveness.
Learn more
. You can
opt out
from our use of data from cookies and similar technologies that track your behavior on the sites of others for ad targeting and other ad-related purposes. For Visitors,
the controls are
here
.
1.5 Your Device and Location
We receive data through cookies and similar technologies
When you visit or leave our Services (including some plugins and our cookies or similar technology on the sites of others), we receive the URL of both the site you came from and the one you go to and the time of your visit. We also get information about your network and device (e.g., IP address, proxy server, operating system, web browser and add-ons, device identifier and features, cookie IDs and/or ISP, or your mobile carrier). If you use our Services from a mobile device, that device will send us data about your location based on your phone settings. We will ask you to opt-in before we use GPS or other tools to identify your precise location.
1.6 Communications
If you communicate through our Services, we learn about that.
We collect information about you when you communicate with others through our Services (e.g., when you send, receive, or engage with messages, events, or connection requests, including our marketing communications). This may include information that indicates who you are communicating with and when. We also use
automated systems
to support and protect our site. For example, we use such systems to suggest possible responses to messages and to manage or block content that violates our User Agreement or
Professional Community Policies
.
1.7 Workplace and School Provided Information
When your organization (e.g., employer or school) buys a premium Service for you to use, they give us data about you.
Others buying our Services for your use, such as your employer or your school, provide us with personal data about you and your eligibility to use the Services that they purchase for use by their workers, students or alumni. For example, we will get contact information for “
LinkedIn Page
” (formerly Company Page) administrators and for authorizing users of our premium Services, such as our recruiting, sales or learning products.
1.8 Sites and Services of Others
We get data when you visit sites that include our ads, cookies or plugins or when you log-in to others’ services with your LinkedIn account.
We receive information about your visits and interaction with services provided by others when you log-in with LinkedIn or visit others’ services that include some of our plugins (such as “Apply with LinkedIn”) or our ads, cookies or similar technologies.
1.9 Other
We are improving our Services, which means we get new data and create new ways to use data.
Our Services are dynamic, and we often introduce new features, which may require the collection of new information. If we collect materially different personal data or materially change how we collect, use or share your data, we will notify you and may also modify this Privacy Policy.
Affiliates
Affiliates are companies controlling, controlled by or under common control with us, including, for example, LinkedIn Ireland, LinkedIn Corporation, LinkedIn Singapore and Microsoft Corporation.
2. How We Use Your Data
We use your data to provide, support, personalize and develop our Services.
How we use your personal data will depend on which Services you use, how you use those Services and the choices you make in your
settings
. We may use your personal data to improve, develop, and provide products and Services, develop and train artificial intelligence (AI) models, develop, provide, and personalize our Services, and gain insights with the help of AI, automated systems, and inferences, so that our Services can be more relevant and useful to you and others. You can review LinkedIn's Responsible AI principles
here
and learn more about our approach to generative AI
here
.
Learn more
about the inferences we may make, including as to
your age and gender
and how we use them.
2.1 Services
Our Services help you connect with others, find and be found for work and business opportunities, stay informed, get training and be more productive.
We use your data to authorize access to our Services and honor your settings.
Stay Connected
Our Services allow you to stay in touch and up to date with colleagues, partners, clients, and other professional contacts. To do so, you can “connect” with the professionals who you choose, and who also wish to “connect” with you. Subject to your and their
settings
, when you connect with other Members, you will be able to search each others’ connections in order to exchange professional opportunities.
We use data about you (such as your profile, profiles you have viewed or data provided through address book uploads or partner integrations) to help others find your profile, suggest connections for you and others (e.g. Members who share your contacts or job experiences) and enable you to invite others to become a Member and connect with you. You can also opt-in to allow us to use your precise location or proximity to others for certain tasks (e.g. to suggest other nearby Members for you to connect with, calculate the commute to a new job, or notify your connections that you are at a professional event).
It is your choice whether to invite someone to our Services, send a connection request, or allow another Member to become your connection. When you invite someone to connect with you, your invitation will include your network and basic profile information (e.g., name, profile photo, job title, region). We will send invitation reminders to the person you invited. You can
choose
whether or not to share your own list of connections with your connections.
Visitors have
choices
about how we use their data.
Stay Informed
Our Services allow you to stay informed about news, events and ideas regarding professional topics you care about, and from professionals you respect. Our Services also allow you to improve your professional skills, or learn new ones. We use the data we have about you (e.g., data you provide, data we collect from your engagement with our Services and inferences we make from the data we have about you), to personalize our Services for you, such as by recommending or ranking relevant content and conversations on our Services. We also use the data we have about you to suggest skills you could add to your profile and skills that you might need to pursue your next opportunity. So, if you let us know that you are interested in a new skill (e.g., by watching a learning video), we will use this information to personalize content in your feed, suggest that you follow certain Members on our site, or suggest related learning content to help you towards that new skill. We use your content, activity and other data, including your name and photo, to provide notices to your network and others. For example, subject to your
settings
, we may notify others that you have updated your profile, posted content, took a
social action
, used a feature, made new connections or were
mentioned in the news
.
Career
Our Services allow you to explore careers, evaluate educational opportunities, and seek out, and be found for, career opportunities. Your profile can be found by those looking to hire (for a job or a
specific task
) or be hired by you. We will use your data to recommend jobs and show you and others relevant professional contacts (e.g., who work at a company, in an industry, function or location or have certain skills and connections). You can signal that you are
interested
in changing jobs and share information with recruiters. We will use your data to recommend jobs to you and you to recruiters. We may use automated systems to provide content and recommendations to help make our Services more relevant to our Members, Visitors and customers. Keeping your profile accurate and up-to-date may help you better connect to others and to opportunities through our Services.
Productivity
Our Services allow you to collaborate with colleagues, search for potential clients, customers, partners and others to do business with. Our Services allow you to communicate with other Members and schedule and prepare meetings with them. If your
settings
allow, we scan messages to provide “bots” or similar tools that facilitate tasks such as scheduling meetings, drafting responses, summarizing messages or recommending next steps.
Learn more
.
2.2 Premium Services
Our premium Services help paying users to search for and contact Members through our Services, such as searching for and contacting job candidates, sales leads and co-workers, manage talent and promote content.
We sell premium Services that provide our customers and subscribers with customized-search functionality and tools (including messaging and activity alerts) as part of our talent, marketing and sales solutions. Customers can export limited information from your profile, such as name, headline, current company, current title, and general location (e.g., Dublin), such as to manage sales leads or talent, unless you
opt-out
. We do not provide contact information to customers as part of these premium Services without your consent. Premium Services customers can store information they have about you in our premium Services, such as a resume or contact information or sales history. The data stored about you by these customers is subject to the policies of those customers. Other enterprise Services and features that use your data include
TeamLink
and
LinkedIn Pages
(e.g., content analytics and followers).
2.3 Communications
We contact you and enable communications between Members. We offer settings to control what messages you receive and how often you receive some types of messages.
We will contact you through email, mobile phone, notices posted on our websites or apps, messages to your LinkedIn inbox, and other ways through our Services, including text messages and push notifications. We will send you messages about the availability of our Services, security, or other service-related issues. We also send messages about how to use our Services, network updates, reminders, job suggestions and promotional messages from us and our partners. You may change your communication
preferences
at any time. Please be aware that you cannot opt out of receiving service messages from us, including security and legal notices.
We also enable
communications
between you and others through our Services, including for example
invitations
,
InMail
,
groups
and
messages
between connections.
2.4 Advertising
We serve you tailored ads both on and off our Services. We offer you choices regarding personalized ads, but you cannot opt-out of seeing non-personalized ads.
We target (and measure the performance of) ads to Members, Visitors and others both on and off our Services directly or through a variety of partners, using the following data, whether separately or combined:
Data collected by advertising technologies on and off our Services using pixels, ad tags (e.g., when an advertiser installs a LinkedIn
tag
on their website), cookies, and other device identifiers;
Member-provided information (e.g., profile, contact information, title and industry);
Data from your use of our Services (e.g., search history, feed, content you read, who you follow or is following you, connections,
groups
participation, page visits, videos you watch, clicking on an ad, etc.), including as described in Section 1.3;
Information from advertising
partners
, vendors and
publishers
; and
Information inferred from data described above (e.g., using job titles from a profile to infer industry, seniority, and compensation bracket; using graduation dates to infer age or using first names or pronoun usage to infer gender; using your feed activity to infer your interests; or using device data to recognize you as a Member).
Learn more
about the inferences we make and how they may be used for advertising.
Learn more
about the ad technologies we use and our advertising services and partners. You can learn more about our compliance with laws in the Designated Countries or the UK in our
European Regional Privacy Notice
.
We will show you ads called
sponsored content
which look similar to non-sponsored content, except that they are labeled as advertising (e.g., as “ad” or “sponsored”). If you take a social action (such as like, comment or share) on these ads, your action is associated with your name and viewable by others, including the advertiser. Subject to your
settings
, if you take a social action on the LinkedIn Services, that action may be mentioned with related ads. For example, when you like a company we may include your name and photo when their sponsored content is shown.
Ad Choices
You have choices regarding our uses of certain categories of data to show you more relevant ads. Member settings
can be found here
. For Visitors,
the setting is here
.
Info to Ad Providers
We do not share your personal data with any third-party advertisers or ad networks except for: (i) hashed IDs or device identifiers (to the extent they are personal data in some countries); (ii) with your separate permission (e.g., in a lead generation form) or (iii) data already visible to any users of the Services (e.g., profile). However, if you view or click on an ad on or off our Services, the ad provider will get a signal that someone visited the page that displayed the ad, and they may, through the use of mechanisms such as cookies, determine it is you. Advertising partners can associate personal data collected by the advertiser directly from you with hashed IDs or device identifiers received from us. We seek to contractually require such advertising partners to obtain your explicit, opt-in consent before doing so where legally required, and in such instances, we take steps to ensure that consent has been provided before processing data from them.
2.5 Marketing
We promote our Services to you and others.
In addition to advertising our Services, we use Members’ data and content for invitations and communications promoting membership and network growth, engagement and our Services, such as by showing your connections that you have used a feature on our Services.
2.6 Developing Services and Research
We develop our Services and conduct research
Service Development
We use data, including public feedback, to conduct
research
and development for our Services in order to provide you and others with a better, more intuitive and personalized experience, drive membership growth and engagement on our Services, and help connect professionals to each other and to economic opportunity.
Other Research
We seek to create economic opportunity for Members of the global workforce and to help them be more productive and successful. We use the personal data available to us to research social, economic and workplace trends, such as jobs availability and skills needed for these
jobs
and policies that help bridge the gap in various industries and geographic areas. In some cases, we work with trusted third parties to perform this research, under
controls
that are designed to protect your privacy. We may also make public data available to
researchers
to enable assessment of the safety and legal compliance of our Services. We publish or allow others to publish economic insights, presented as aggregated data rather than personal data.
Surveys
Polls and surveys are conducted by us and others through our Services. You are not obligated to respond to polls or surveys, and you have choices about the information you provide. You may
opt-out
of survey invitations.
2.7 Customer Support
We use data to help you and fix problems.
We use data (which can include your communications) to investigate, respond to and resolve complaints and for Service issues (e.g., bugs).
2.8 Insights That Do Not Identify You
We use data to generate insights that do not identify you.
We use your
data
to perform analytics to produce and share insights that do not identify you. For example, we may use your data to generate statistics about our Members, their profession or industry, to calculate ad impressions served or clicked on (e.g., for basic business reporting to support billing and budget management or, subject to your
settings
, for reports to advertisers who may use them to inform their advertising campaigns), to show Members' information about engagement with a
post
or LinkedIn
Page
, to publish visitor demographics for a Service or create demographic workforce insights, or to understand usage of our services.
2.9 Security and Investigations
We use data for security, fraud prevention and investigations.
We and our Affiliates, including Microsoft, may use your data (including your communications) for security purposes or to prevent or investigate possible fraud or other violations of the law, our
User Agreement
and/or attempts to harm our Members, Visitors, company, Affiliates, or others.
Social Action
E.g. like, comment, follow, share
Partners
Partners include ad networks, exchanges and others
3. How We Share Information
3.1 Our Services
Any data that you include on your profile and any content you post or social action (e.g., likes, follows, comments, shares) you take on our Services will be seen by others, consistent with your settings.
Profile
Your profile is fully visible to all Members and customers of our Services. Subject to your
settings
, it can also be visible to others on or off of our Services (e.g., Visitors to our Services or users of third-party search tools). As detailed in our
Help Center
, your settings, degree of connection with the viewing Member, the subscriptions they may have, their
usage of our Services
, access channels and search types (e.g., by name or by keyword) impact the availability of your profile and whether they can view certain fields in your profile.
Posts, Likes, Follows, Comments, Messages
Our Services allow viewing and sharing information including through posts, likes, follows and comments.
When you share an article or a post (e.g., an update, image, video or article) publicly it can be viewed by everyone and re-shared anywhere (subject to your
settings
). Members, Visitors and others will be able to find and see your publicly-shared content, including your name (and photo if you have provided one).
In a
group
, posts are visible to others according to group type. For example, posts in private groups are visible to others in the group and posts in public groups are visible publicly. Your membership in groups is public and part of your profile, but you can change visibility in your
settings
.
Any information you share through companies’ or other organizations’ pages on our Services will be viewable by those organizations and others who view those pages' content.
When you follow a person or organization, you are visible to others and that “page owner” as a follower.
We let senders know when you act on their message, subject to your
settings
where applicable.
Subject to your
settings
, we let a Member know when you view their profile. We also give you
choices
about letting organizations know when you've viewed their Page.
When you like or re-share or comment on another’s content (including ads), others will be able to view these “social actions” and associate it with you (e.g., your name, profile and photo if you provided it).
Your employer can see how you use Services they provided for your work (e.g. as a recruiter or sales agent) and related information. We will not show them your job searches or personal messages.
Enterprise Accounts
Your employer may offer you access to our enterprise Services such as Recruiter, Sales Navigator, LinkedIn Learning or our advertising Campaign Manager. Your employer can review and manage your use of such enterprise Services.
Depending on the enterprise Service, before you use such Service, we will ask for permission to share with your employer relevant data from your profile or use of our non-enterprise Services. For example, users of Sales Navigator will be asked to share their “social selling index”, a score calculated in part based on their personal account activity. We understand that certain activities such as job hunting and personal messages are sensitive, and so we do not share those with your employer unless you choose to share it with them through our Services (for example, by applying for a new position in the same company or mentioning your job hunting in a message to a co-worker through our Services).
Subject to your
settings
, when you use workplace tools and services (e.g., interactive employee directory tools) certain of your data may also be made available to your employer or be connected with information we receive from your employer to enable these tools and services.
3.2 Communication Archival
Regulated Members may need to store communications outside of our Service.
Some Members (or their employers) need, for legal or professional compliance, to archive their communications and social media activity, and will use services of others to provide these archival services. We enable archiving of messages by and to those Members outside of our Services. For example, a financial advisor needs to archive communications with her clients through our Services in order to maintain her professional financial advisor license.
3.3 Others’ Services
You may link your account with others’ services so that they can look up your contacts’ profiles, post your shares on such platforms, or enable you to start conversations with your connections on such platforms. Excerpts from your profile will also appear on the services of others.
Subject to your
settings
, other services may look up your profile. When you opt to link your account with other services, personal data (e.g., your name, title, and company) will become available to them. The sharing and use of that personal data will be described in, or linked to, a consent screen when you opt to link the accounts. For example, you may link your Twitter or WeChat account to share content from our Services into these other services, or your email provider may give you the option to upload your LinkedIn contacts into its own service. Third-party services have their own privacy policies, and you may be giving them permission to use your data in ways we would not. You may
revoke
the link with such accounts.
The information you make available to others in our Services (e.g., information from your profile, your posts, your engagement with the posts, or message to Pages)
may be available to them on other services
. For example, search tools, mail and calendar applications, or talent and lead managers may show a user limited profile data (subject to your
settings
), and social media management tools or other platforms may display your posts. The information retained on these services may not reflect updates you make on LinkedIn.
3.4 Related Services
We share your data across our different Services and LinkedIn affiliated entities.
We will share your personal data with our Affiliates to provide and develop our Services. For example, we may refer a query to Bing in some instances, such as where you'd benefit from a more up to date response in a chat experience. In regions outside the Designated Countries, we may also share your publicly-shared content (such as your public LinkedIn posts) with our Affiliates, including Microsoft, to provide or develop their services.
Where allowed
, we may combine information internally across the different Services covered by this Privacy Policy to help our Services be more relevant and useful to you and others. For example, we may personalize your feed or job recommendations based on your learning history.
3.5 Service Providers
We may use others to help us with our Services.
We use others to help us provide our Services (e.g., maintenance, analysis, audit, payments, fraud detection, customer support, marketing and development). They will have access to your information (e.g., the contents of a customer support request) as reasonably necessary to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for other purposes. If you purchase a Service from us, we may use a payments service provider who may separately collect information about you (e.g., for fraud prevention or to comply with legal obligations).
3.6 Legal Disclosures
We may need to share your data when we believe it’s required by law or to help protect the rights and safety of you, us or others.
It is possible that we will need to disclose information about you when required by law, subpoena, or other legal process or if we have a good faith belief that disclosure is reasonably necessary to (1) investigate, prevent or take action regarding suspected or actual illegal activities or to assist government enforcement agencies; (2) enforce our agreements with you; (3) investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations; (4) protect the security or integrity of our Services or the products or services of our Affiliates (such as by sharing with companies facing similar threats); or (5) exercise or protect the rights and safety of LinkedIn, our Members, personnel or others. We attempt to notify Members about legal demands for their personal data when appropriate in our judgment, unless prohibited by law or court order or when the request is an emergency. We may dispute such demands when we believe, in our discretion, that the requests are overbroad, vague or lack proper authority, but we do not promise to challenge every demand. To learn more see our
Data Request Guidelines
and
Transparency Report
.
3.7 Change in Control or Sale
We may share your data when our business is sold to others, but it must continue to be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
We can also share your personal data as part of a sale, merger or change in control, or in preparation for any of these events. Any other entity which buys us or part of our business will have the right to continue to use your data, but only in the manner set out in this Privacy Policy unless you agree otherwise.
4. Your Choices & Obligations
4.1 Data Retention
We keep most of your personal data for as long as your account is open.
We generally retain your personal data as long as you keep your account open or as needed to provide you Services. This includes data you or others provided to us and data generated or inferred from your use of our Services. Even if you only use our Services when looking for a new job every few years, we will retain your information and keep your profile open, unless you close your account. In some cases we choose to retain certain information (e.g., insights about Services use) in a depersonalized or aggregated form.
4.2 Rights to Access and Control Your Personal Data
You can access or delete your personal data. You have many choices about how your data is collected, used and shared.
We provide many
choices
about the collection, use and sharing of your data, from deleting or correcting data you include in your
profile
and controlling the visibility of your
posts
to advertising
opt-outs
and
communication
controls. We offer you
settings
to control and manage the personal data we have about you.
For personal data that we have about you, you can:
Delete Data
: You can ask us to erase or delete all or some of your personal data (e.g., if it is no longer necessary to provide Services to you).
Change or Correct Data
: You can edit some of your personal data through your account. You can also ask us to change, update or fix your data in certain cases, particularly if it’s inaccurate.
Object to, or Limit or Restrict, Use of Data
: You can ask us to stop using all or some of your personal data (e.g., if we have no legal right to keep using it) or to limit our use of it (e.g., if your personal data is inaccurate or unlawfully held).
Right to Access and/or Take Your Data
: You can ask us for a copy of your personal data and can ask for a copy of personal data you provided in machine readable form.
Visitors can
learn more about how to make these requests here
. You may also contact us using the contact information below, and we will consider your request in accordance with applicable laws.
Residents in the
Designated Countries and the UK
, and
other regions
, may have additional rights under their laws.
4.3 Account Closure
We keep some of your data even after you close your account.
If you choose to close your
LinkedIn
account, your personal data will generally stop being visible to others on our Services within 24 hours. We generally delete closed account information within 30 days of account closure, except as noted below.
We retain your personal data even after you have closed your account if reasonably necessary to comply with our legal obligations (including law enforcement requests), meet regulatory requirements, resolve disputes, maintain security, prevent fraud and abuse (e.g., if we have
restricted
your account for breach of our
Professional Community Policies
), enforce our User Agreement, or fulfill your request to "unsubscribe" from further messages from us. We will retain de-personalized information after your account has been closed.
Information you have shared with others (e.g., through InMail, updates or group posts) will remain visible after you close your account or delete the information from your own profile or mailbox, and we do not control data that other Members have copied out of our Services. Groups content and ratings or review content associated with closed accounts will show an unknown user as the source. Your profile may continue to be displayed in the services of others (e.g., search tools) until they refresh their cache.
5. Other Important Information
5.1. Security
We monitor for and try to prevent security breaches. Please use the security features available through our Services.
We implement security safeguards designed to protect your data, such as HTTPS. We regularly monitor our systems for possible vulnerabilities and attacks. However, we cannot warrant the security of any information that you send us. There is no guarantee that data may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards. Please visit our
Safety Center
for additional information about safely using our Services, including
two-factor authentication
.
5.2. Cross-Border Data Transfers
We store and use your data outside your country.
We process data both inside and outside of the United States and rely on legally-provided mechanisms to lawfully transfer data across borders.
Learn more
. Countries where we process data may have laws which are different from, and potentially not as protective as, the laws of your own country.
5.3 Lawful Bases for Processing
We have lawful bases to collect, use and share data about you. You have choices about our use of your data. At any time, you can withdraw consent you have provided by going to settings.
We will only collect and process personal data about you where we have lawful bases. Lawful bases include consent (where you have given consent), contract (where processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you (e.g., to deliver the LinkedIn Services you have requested) and “legitimate interests.”
Learn more
.
Where we rely on your
consent
to process personal data, you have the right to withdraw or decline your consent at any time and where we rely on legitimate interests, you have the right to object.
Learn More
. If you have any questions about the lawful bases upon which we collect and use your personal data, please
contact our Data Protection Officer here
.
If you're located in one of the Designated Countries or the UK, you can learn more about our lawful bases for processing in our
European Regional Privacy Notice
.
5.4. Direct Marketing and Do Not Track Signals
Our statements regarding direct marketing and “do not track” signals.
We currently do not share personal data with third parties for their direct marketing purposes without your permission.
Learn more
about this and about our response to “do not track” signals.
5.5. Contact Information
You can contact us or use other options to resolve any complaints.
If you have questions or complaints regarding this Policy, please first
contact LinkedIn
online. You can also reach us by
physical mail
. If contacting us does not resolve your complaint, you have more
options
. Residents in the
Designated Countries
and
other regions
may also have the right to
contact our Data Protection Officer here
or at
DPO@linkedin.com
. If this does not resolve your complaint, Residents in the Designated Countries and other regions may have more
options
under their laws.
Consent
Where we process data based on consent, we will ask for your explicit consent. You may withdraw your consent at any time, but that will not affect the lawfulness of the processing of your personal data prior to such withdrawal. Where we rely on contract, we will ask that you agree to the processing of personal data that is necessary for entering into or performance of your contract with us. We will rely on legitimate interests as a basis for data processing where the processing of your data is not overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms.
Sub-policy 8
https://www.thetradedesk.com/general/privacy:
Privacy and The Trade Desk Platform
This page is about the privacy practices on our Trade Desk Platform and the data, including personal data or personal information (“personal data”) it uses for delivering advertising. If you are interested in our corporate and website privacy policy,
click here
.
If you reside in the People’s Republic of China,
click here
for the China privacy policy.
Last updated: February 28, 2025
OVERVIEW
AT A GLANCE
FULL PRIVACY POLICY
THE PLATFORM
THE DATA THE PLATFORM COLLECTS AND PROCESSES
HOW THE PLATFORM COLLECTS DATA
COOKIES
THE PURPOSES FOR WHICH THE PLATFORM PROCESSES DATA
TARGETED ADVERTISING
PERSONALISATION AND INTERESTS
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY INFORMATION
DISCLOSURE AND TRANSFER
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
SECURITY AND DATA RETENTION
YOUR RIGHTS AND CHOICES
EUROPEAN UNION CONTROLLER/PROCESSOR DESIGNATION AND LEGAL BASES
CHANGES TO OUR POLICIES
CONTACT US
Overview
The Trade Desk offers what is known in the industry as a Demand Side Platform (“DSP” or “Platform”). We provide technology that helps advertisers and their advertising agencies manage digital advertising campaigns across many channels, such as websites, apps, audio, smart TVs, and other video. The advertising campaigns run by our clients help pay for the content you enjoy.
We, and our clients, collect and use data both to help ensure that the ads you see are relevant and to measure and report on their effectiveness.
Our Platform uses data to produce a mapping of devices that might be related to each other, meaning that they might be used by the same person or by people within the same household. This helps advertisers better target and measure their campaigns, as well as limiting the number of times the same person or household sees an ad.
Our references to our Platform in this policy only refer to the Trade Desk’s own advertising technology platform and do not include the technology or systems of clients or partners that use or integrate with us. Clients and partners are bound by our policies when they use our Platform.
The Trade Desk is a member in good standing of the
Network Advertising Initiative
(NAI). The Trade Desk also follows the industry self-regulatory guidelines of the
Digital Advertising Alliance
, the
Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada
, and the
European Digital Advertising Alliance
.
The Trade Desk also implements and adheres to the specifications and policies of the IAB EU Transparency & Consent Framework as part of our compliance with EU data protection law. The Trade Desk’s identification number within the Framework is 21. See
https://iabeurope.eu/transparency-consent-framework/
for more information.
If you want to go directly to our
Opt Out
, please visit
http://www.adsrvr.org
.
At A Glance
Read below for a quick overview. See below for detailed information.
Who we are:
Global HQ: The Trade Desk, Inc. 42 N. Chestnut St Ventura, CA 93001 USA
EEA and Switzerland: The UK Trade Desk Ltd. 10th Floor, 1 Bartholomew Close London EC1A 7BL United Kingdom
What we do:
Advertising technology platform for managing digital advertising campaigns.
The data our Platform collects and processes:
Pseudonymous data such as:
unique cookie and device identifiers
mobile device advertising identifiers
Pseudonymous identifiers derived from email address or phone numbers, or device and connection information
IP addresses
web browsing history from advertising impressions we see
interest information inferred by us from web browsing history
interest information stored and/or used on the Platform by clients and partners
location information
browser and device type, version and settings
hashed email addresses, phone numbers and other identifying information (or information derived from such)
How the Platform collects data:
Some of the ways the Platform collects data include:
from partners sending us requests for ads on websites, mobile applications, smart televisions, video devices, and other media
using cookies and pixels
from clients and partners uploading data to our platform
from clients and partners using our technology to collect data
through the delivery of advertising
The purposes for which the Platform processes data:
The Platform processes data both on our behalf and on behalf of clients and partners for advertising purposes such as:
personalizing ads
delivering ads
limiting the number of times you see an ad
measuring effectiveness of ads
reporting on ad campaigns
maintaining ad transaction records
attributing purchases or other actions to ads
associating devices that might be related to each other
preventing malicious or invalid activity improving our Platform and the services we offer
Disclosure and transfer:
We disclose data to other parties such as:
clients and partners to help improve the effectiveness of their, and their clients’ advertising
service providers who perform certain services on our behalf
if we think it is required by law
In addition, much of the data collected on the Platform belongs to our clients and partners.
We may transfer data from the country of origin to the US or other countries. We do so under a valid legal framework.
We may also disclose personal data in response to lawful requests from public authorities, including to meet security or law enforcement requirements.
Security and Data Retention:
We maintain generally accepted security methods to protect data on the Platform.
We retain pseudonymous data up to 18 months before we aggregate it or remove pseudonymous identifers.
Your rights and choices:
You have rights and choices with respect to the personal data on the Platform. More detailed information is available below.
Full Privacy Policy
Below, we explain in detail the type of data we collect, how we collect it, how we use it, and how we disclose it, as well as the choices available to you. If, after reading this policy, you still have questions, please feel free to contact us.
THE PLATFORM
The Platform allows advertisers and advertising agencies to manage digital advertising campaigns. We operate as a Demand Side Platform; this means we represent the demand side of the digital advertising marketplace, in which advertisers and agencies with ads to display are the “demand” and publishers with space for such ads on web pages, apps, smart TVs and other digital properties are the “supply”.
Digital advertising uses identifiers and associated data to make ads more effective and to measure their effectiveness. Without identifiers, our advertiser clients wouldn’t know, for example, if a 100 ad views were the result of 100 different users that each saw an ad, or if one user saw the same ad 100 times. This information is crucial to advertisers. Without information like this, advertisers would pay publishers much less, forcing publishers to either show more ads or make users pay for their content.
Advertisers and their agencies collect and use data on the Platform in different ways. They may bring their own data to the Platform, collect data using the Platform, or remove their data from the Platform.
THE DATA THE PLATFORM COLLECTS AND PROCESSES
The Platform collects and processes pseudonymous data about users, households, devices, and ads and where they’re shown. This includes:
unique cookie identifiers
device advertising identifiers
Pseudonymous identifiers derived from email address or phone numbers, or device and connection information
IP addresses
Interest and demographic information stored and/or used on the Platform by clients and partners
Interest and demographic information we create or infer
other information about browsers and devices, such as type, version and settings
location information based on IP address or other types of information that may include precise geolocation information (i.e., latitude/longitude coordinates), if provided to us
information about ads that are shown, such as which ads are shown to a device or user, where (which web page or app) they are shown, and at what time
hashed email addresses and other identifying information (or information derived from such)
HOW THE PLATFORM COLLECTS DATA
The Platform receives data in several ways, including the following:
Advertisers and agencies may bring or collect their own information to our Platform (for example, that they collect on their own websites through the use of Platform technology) that we then store and use on their behalf to enhance their advertising campaigns.
Bid requests, which are sets of information that describe an ad space that is available to be filled. We get these requests from the “supply” side of the advertising ecosystem, meaning websites, apps, smart TVs, and others, as well as their agents. The requests contain information about the ad space, the device, and sometimes the user, including location information. They also usually have an ID (or IDs) that enables us to match the request with information we may already have.
Third-party suppliers of information used to target, optimize or measure advertising campaigns.
Purveyors of connected TV devices and apps can send us information about the video content viewed on the device or app.
Pixels and cookies, which allow us to recognize web browsers across sites and over time, and therefore to record information about them over time.
Mobile device IDs, which are made available through the device operating systems, like Apple’s iOS and Google’s Android, for purposes of allowing mobile apps and their advertising partners to recognize a device over time. We use these IDs in a similar way to the way we use cookies.
Mobile SDKs are bits of code that some of our partners enable to be placed in mobile apps. This enables our partners to send us data about the mobile app and device in association with the mobile device ID.
After an ad serves, our servers receive a network request from the device on which the ad was shown in order to confirm that the ad was delivered and provide information for us to measure the ad.
COOKIES
Cookies help us by enabling our ability to distinguish between, recognize, and store data about unique web browsers and devices, and to store data on our servers for the advertising purposes described here. Our cookie domain is adsrvr.org. The Trade Desk ID (TDID) is used to recognize web-browser profiles over time across sites. The TDID has a lifespan of 1 year from the time you last received an ad powered by Platform. This lifespan may be updated each time your browser encounters our Platform.
In order to be able to transmit requests for ads and other data about users or devices between sellers and buyers, and to help show you ads that match your likely interests, we engage in cookie syncing, meaning that we match our TDID to clients’ and partners’ cookie IDs. We also use a cookie to store a related opt-out choice, when users opt out of cookie based targeted advertising.
THE PURPOSES FOR WHICH THE PLATFORM PROCESSES DATA
The Platform processes data both on our own behalf and on behalf of clients and partners for purposes related to targeting, delivering, measuring and reporting on advertising.
Personalizing ads: We use data to increase advertising relevancy and effectiveness.
Ad delivery: We use data to enable the technical delivery of an ad and measure success of delivery.
Frequency and other reporting: We use a pseudonymous identifier to keep track of how many times an ad was shown, as well as where and when.
Measurement and analytics: We use an identifier to measure how well ads perform, such as whether users clicked on the ad or went to a client’s store after their ad campaign was shown.
Reporting: We may use a pseudonymous identifier to measure, attribute, and report on the performance and success of campaigns. This includes transaction reporting and verification.
Clicks and conversions: We may use a pseudonymous identifier to measure actions taken by a user with respect to a particular ad, i.e., a click on an ad, or a download of an app.
Attribution: We may use data to match particular ad views to subsequent actions taken by a user. For example, a clothing advertiser might be able to see that someone who saw an ad for gloves subsequently purchased the gloves. This would be done by stitching together the identifiers from the sites where the ad was served and where the online purchase was made.
Cross device graphing: We may use data and algorithms to associate pseudonymous identifiers that might be related to each other. Such a graph might link various identifiers present on a single device, various identifiers associated with an individual who has multiple devices or multiple device/individuals within the same household.
Detection of malicious or invalid activity: We process information in an attempt to prevent malicious activity or invalid ad traffic. This may include identifying and preventing purveyors of malware or bots that try to take advertising dollars for ads that aren’t shown to real users or that try to harm users’ devices.
TARGETED ADVERTISING
Our Platform helps power ad targeting and delivery across many sites and apps with which users interact every day. Many of the activities described in the section above, such as personalizing ads, ad delivery, and cross-device graphing may involve The Trade Desk and our clients and partners processing data for purposes of “targeted advertising,” or engaging “sales,” or “sharing” of personal data under certain state privacy laws. See
Your Rights and Choices
below to learn how to express a choice related to these activities, or visit our
opt-out page
.
PERSONALISATION AND INTERESTS
Personalised profiles.
As part of our Platform, we may create and use user profiles associated with pseudonymous identifiers. This means that we look at the information associated with the IDs and with the requests for ads, such as the content in which the ad is shown, the time, the geographic location, and the type of device. Sometimes we use information about whether or how users responded to ads to find other users who would respond to ads. We apply various computational methods on this information to find groupings of IDs that may have certain common interests or characteristics, such as “clothing,” “sports,” “travel,” “male,” “25-54,” and so on. Our Platform also enables data suppliers to bring data to the Platform that our clients can use on the Platform to improve their ad campaigns.
Clients can bring their own data to the Platform for their own personalisation. Their sources and methods for acquiring this data vary and are subject to our clients’ own policies and legal obligations. We contractually prohibit certain types of data from being introduced onto the Platform, such as certain sensitive data. Our contracts prohibit clients and partners from using data on the Platform that is from or about users that they know are children.
Interests for groups.
We also create and use information that allows advertisers to understand what will be of interest to a group. We create a group of IP addresses in the same region of a country. We note what content we think is likely to be of interest to that group (as above, such as “clothing”, “sports” etc.) based on the sites users in those groups have visited. Advertisers may use this information to decide to show an ad to one of the IP addresses for the group. Identifiers for the group do not contain any personal data: the information only shows the types of content likely to be of interest to the group; we don’t create any individual profiles through this interest grouping mechanism. We keep these interests for groups segments for seven days.
DISCLOSURE AND TRANSFER
We will disclose your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this policy.
Some of the personal data processed on the Platform belongs to our clients. When this is the case, our clients can take this data, such as records of advertising impressions, off of the Platform. We also may disclose this personal data to other parties on the clients’ behalf and pursuant to their instructions.
We disclose mappings of pseudonymous IDs with clients and partners that use our device graphs.
We disclose cookie values to other advertising technology platforms so that they may match their value to our value.
Some of our clients and partners receive bid request data through the Platform for advertising purposes.
We may disclose personal data in order to investigate or prevent reasonably suspected malicious activity, fake traffic, or other activity that may be harmful to us or our clients.
We may disclose personal data to our service providers that store or process the personal data in furtherance of the services we offer on the Platform on our behalf.
We may transfer personal data to a successor entity in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, sale of assets, bankruptcy, or other corporate change.
We may disclose aggregated data that does not include individual-level records to any party or publicly.
We may disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
We transfer data to the US under valid transfer mechanisms:
TTD has certified its participation in the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Frameworks (DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce, and is committed to adhering to DPF principles with regard to the processing of personal data received from the EU in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) under the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. TTD is committed to adhering to Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland under the Swiss-U.S. DPF. TTD is responsible for ensuring that onward transfers to third parties acting as an agent on its behalf are in accordance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, including the onward transfer liability provisions. To learn more about the DPF program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
If deemed necessary under applicable data protection legislation, the standard contractual clauses for data transfers, as approved by the European Commission Implementing Decision (EU) 2021/914 of 4 June 2021 for the transfer of Personal Data to third countries.
If there is any conflict between the terms in this policy and such mechanisms, the terms of the transfer mechanism shall govern.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, TTD commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF submitted to TRUSTe, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://feedback-form.trustarc.com/watchdog/request
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of TRUSTe are provided at no cost to you.
For complaints regarding EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms, you have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration. Further information can be found on the official DPF website:
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/article/ANNEX-I-introduction-dpf?tabset-35584=2
. The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over TTD’s compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF.
SECURITY AND DATA RETENTION
We retain the pseudonymous data that the Platform collects for up to 18 months. After 18 months (often sooner) the data is de-identified or aggregated and stored for up to 3 additional years. For interests for groups, we retain data for 7 days. This retention policy does not apply to client or partner data. We have implemented security measures, including physical, electronic and administrative safeguards, designed to prevent the unauthorized access to, loss, misuse, or alteration of the information that our Platform collects, but we make no assurances in this policy about our ability to prevent any such event or the possible harm to you or any third party that could arise from it.
YOUR RIGHTS AND CHOICES
Privacy rights.
Depending upon where you live, you may have certain legal rights with respect to personal data The Trade Desk collects and processes. These rights may include the right to request “access,” “deletion,” and “correction” of personal data, and the right to opt out of activities that constitute “sales,” “sharing,” and processing personal data for purposes of “targeted advertising,” as well as use of “sensitive data” for advertising purposes, as such terms are defined under applicable privacy laws. These rights may be limited, for example if fulfilling your request would reveal personal data about another person or infringe the rights of a third party (including our rights) or if you ask us to delete information that we are required by law to keep or have compelling legitimate interest in keeping. We will inform you of relevant exemptions we rely upon when responding to any request you make. We will not discriminate against you if you exercise your rights under applicable law.
Opting out of sales, sharing and targeted advertising.
As described in the
Targeted Advertising
section above, we process data to personalize and deliver ads, and for other ads-related purposes, including measurement reporting, and building our cross-device graph. Some of these activities may be considered “sales” or “sharing” of your personal information or using your information for purposes of “targeted advertising” under the law that applies to you. You may express a choice related to these activities including use of sensitive data for such purposes, by visiting
http://www.adsrvr.org
or by enabling Global Privacy Control in your browser. Your devices like CTVs and Mobile Devices may offer choice signaling from the device’s operating system. Where we receive these signals, TTD will opt the user out of sales, sharing and targeted advertising.
Industry opt-out pages.
The online advertising industry provides websites from which you may set a third party cookie indicating your desire to opt out of interest-based advertising from the Trade Desk and other companies that participate in industry self-regulatory programs. The US-based opt out pages are
www.aboutads.info/choices
and
www.networkadvertising.org/choices
. The European based page is
www.youronlinechoices.com
. In Canada, use
youradchoices.ca/choices
.
For mobile apps.
Most mobile devices provide the ability to set the device’s advertising ID to an opt out value through the device settings. To learn how to use the mobile app opt out, consult your device instructions. To find information on Opting out on Mobile Devices please visit
http://www.networkadvertising.org/mobile-choice
. Where TTD receives such an indication, we will treat the request as opted out.
For Internet Connected TVs.
Many connected TVs and related devices offer a choice mechanism similar to those offered by mobile devices. When received the Trade Desk will honor these signals. To find out more, including device specific instructions, please visit
https://www.networkadvertising.org/internet-connected-tv-choices/
.
Access, Correction, and Deletion.
If you reside in a state, country or region that provides individuals with the rights to access, correct, or delete your personal data, please fill out this
webform
to exercise your rights. We may take reasonable steps to confirm your identity.
If we deny your request, you may appeal our decision by following the instructions provided in the denial email. Depending upon where you live, if you have concerns about the results of an appeal, you may contact the attorney general in the state where you reside. You will not be discriminated against for the exercise of such rights. For further information relevant to California residents, please
click here
.
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY INFORMATION
The California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) requires us to explain some information using definitions and categories set out under the CCPA. If you are a California resident, this section applies to you.
Additional Disclosures.
We collect, and in the preceding 12 months we have collected, the following categories of personal data: identifiers (such as cookie identifiers, mobile device advertising identifiers, pseudonymous identifiers derived from email address or phone numbers, IP address, or hashed email address), Internet or other electronic network activity information (such as information about sites you visit), geolocation data (which may include precise geolocation information), inferences we may make about your interests (such as the personalised profiles described
above
), and data that may reveal demographic information or inferences about gender, race, ethnicity, religion, health, or sex life or sexual orientation. For more information about the precise data points we collect and the sources of such collection, please see the
Collection of Information
and
Personalisation and Interests
sections above. We collect personal data for the business and commercial purposes described in the Use of Information section above.
In the preceding 12 months, we have disclosed the following categories of personal information for business purposes to the following categories of recipients:
Category of Personal Data
We collect…
Uses
We use personal data to…
Recipients
We may disclose personal data to…
Identifiers
, such IP addresses, unique cookie identifiers, mobile device advertising identifiers, interest information stored and/or used on the platform by clients and partners, hashed email addresses and phone numbers
Internet and Electronic Network Information
, such as information about browsers and devices, such as type, version, and settings, information about ads that are shown, such as which ads are shown to a device or user, where (which device or app) they are shown, and at what time, information about your visits to our clients’ websites or other online services.
Location information
, including based on IP address or other types of information that may include precise geolocation information.
Inferences
we make based on other information, such as predictions about ad performance
Demographic information
, such inferences or information about your gender, race, religion, health, sex life or sexual orientation (some of which may constitute “sensitive” information under the CCPA).
Provide our Services,
including on our behalf and on behalf of clients and partners for purposes related to targeting, delivering, measuring, and reporting on advertising, including to technically deliver an ad and measure success of delivery.
To measure and report ad performance
, such as to technically deliver an ad and measure success of delivery, keep track of how many times an ad was shown, as well as where and when, measure how well ads perform, such as whether someone who saw an ad later made a purchase, attribute and report on the performance and success of campaigns
Improve our Services
, such as to increase advertising relevancy and effectiveness and predict ad performance and to associate devices that might be related to each other, such as devices used by the same person or in the same household.
For safety anti-fraud purposes
, such as to prevent malicious activity or invalid ad traffic.
Our clients
, where we hold or collect personal information on their behalf. We also share information with other parties at the direction of our clients.
Our vendors
, including with our service providers, contractors and consultants that access, store, or process data on our behalf.
O
ther Parties
, including parties that use our cross-device graph
Protect safety and combat fraud
, including to investigate or prevent reasonably suspected malicious activity and if we believe your actions are inconsistent with our user agreements or policies, that you have violated the law, or if we believe it is necessary to protect the rights, property, and safety of The Trade Desk, our users, the public, or others
For business reasons
, including in connection with, or during negotiations concerning, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another company and between and among the Trade Desk and our current and future parents, affiliates, and subsidiaries and other companies under common control and ownership.
To legal authorities
, if we believe that disclosure is in accordance with, or required by, any applicable law or legal process, including lawful requests by public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
At your direction
.
The Trade Desk does not sell personal data related to individuals it knows to be minors under the age of sixteen (16).
Privacy Rights
. You have the right to opt out of any sharing or sales of your personal information, to limit use of sensitive personal information for advertising purposes, and to request access to and deletion or correction of your personal information. Please see the Your Rights and Choices section above for more information about your privacy rights and how to exercise them. If you exercise your rights, we may require you to provide evidence that the data relates to you (and only to you) and may deny your request if you cannot provide such information. You may also designate an authorized agent to make such requests on your behalf, as permitted under CCPA. If you do so, we will require the agent to provide proof that they are acting on your behalf, and we may ask you to verify your identity and to confirm that you provided the agent with permission to submit the request on your behalf. You will not be discriminated against for the exercise of such rights. Please note that if you wish to exercise any of your rights with the Trade Desk’s clients or partners, you must make your request directly with those clients and partners.
Annual Data Requests
. You can learn about the consumer data requests we received over the previous calendar year at this
web page
.
EUROPEAN UNION CONTROLLER/PROCESSOR DESIGNATION AND LEGAL BASES
If you are based in the European Economic Area (EEA), the United Kingdom or Switzerland, The UK Trade Desk Ltd. is responsible for processing your personal data. Under the definitions of “Controller” and “Processor” in EU law, this processing is in some cases as a Controller of personal data and in some cases as a Processor. The Trade Desk is a Controller, for example, of personalised user interest segments that we create for our Platform, when we have appropriate permissions to do so.
When we collect personal data for personalisation from requests for ads that we receive as described above, under EU law, we will use consent as our legal basis for doing so. When we create identifiers for interests for groups, we use consent or legitimate interest as our legal basis. This depends on how we collect the personal data. We process personal data for other purposes when we have a legitimate interest in doing so and that interest is not outweighed by the rights or freedoms of individual data subjects.
CHANGES TO OUR POLICIES
We may revise this policy at any time, and we will indicate revisions by updating the date at the top of this policy and providing notice through our websites or services.
CONTACT US
To exercise applicable privacy rights, please follow the instructions described in the Your Rights and Choices section above. For general questions regarding our privacy practices, you may contact us either by regular mail or email as follows:
Mail
: The Trade Desk, Global Privacy Office
Attention: Global Data Protection Officer (DPO)
42 N. Chestnut St.
Ventura, CA 93001
Email
: << dpo ((at)) thetradedesk ((dot)) com >>
<<End of Policy>>
Sub-policy 9
https://x.com/de/privacy:
Skip to main content
Datenschutzrichtlinien
Datenschutzeinstellungen
Privacy Center
Hilfe-Center
Archiv der Datenschutzerklärungen
PDF herunterladen
X Datenschutzrichtlinien
Gültig ab: 15. November 2024
Vor dem Scrollen bitte lesen
Es ist wirklich schwer, alle mit einer Datenschutzerklärung zufrieden zu stellen. Die meisten Personen, die X nutzen, wollen etwas Kurzes und leicht Verständliches. Wir wünschten zwar, wir könnten alles, was Sie wissen müssen, in einen Post packen, aber unsere Regulierungsbehörden verlangen von uns, dass wir unseren rechtlichen Verpflichtungen nachkommen und alle Richtlinien sehr detailliert beschreiben.
Aus diesem Grund haben wir unsere Datenschutzrichtlinien so einfach wie möglich formuliert, damit Sie in der Lage sind, informierte Entscheidungen zu treffen, wenn Sie X nutzen. Unser Ziel ist, dass Sie verstehen, welche Daten wir erfassen, wie sie genutzt und wann sie weitergegeben werden, und dass Sie Kontrolle darüber haben.
Wenn Sie also nicht jedes Wort der Datenschutzerklärung lesen, sollten Sie wenigstens Folgendes wissen:
X ist eine öffentliche Plattform
Erfahren Sie, was angezeigt und durchsucht werden kann
Wir erheben einige Daten
über Sie
Erfahren Sie, was wir erfassen und wie
Dienste unserer verbundenen Unternehmen können ihre eigenen Richtlinien haben
Erfahren Sie mehr über verbundene Unternehmen
Wir verwenden Ihre Daten zur Verbesserung von X
Erfahren Sie, wie wir Ihre Daten nutzen
Sie haben die Kontrolle über Ihr Erlebnis
Erfahren Sie, wie Sie Ihre Einstellungen aktualisieren
Wenn Sie Fragen zur Datennutzung haben, dann stellen Sie sie!
Erfahren Sie, wie Sie uns kontaktieren können
Datenschutzrichtlinien
1. Daten, die wir erheben
2. Wie wir Daten verwenden
3. Weitergabe von Daten
4. Wie lange wir Daten aufbewahren
5. Übernehmen Sie die Kontrolle
6. Ihre und unsere Rechte
7. Die Zielgruppe von X
8. Änderungen an diesen Datenschutzrichtlinien
9. Allgemein
10. Kontaktaufnahme mit X
Datenschutzrichtlinien
1. Daten, die wir erheben
2. Wie wir Daten verwenden
3. Weitergabe von Daten
4. Wie lange wir Daten aufbewahren
5. Übernehmen Sie die Kontrolle
6. Ihre und unsere Rechte
7. Die Zielgruppe von X
8. Änderungen an diesen Datenschutzrichtlinien
9. Allgemein
10. Kontaktaufnahme mit X
1. Daten, die wir erheben
Die Daten, die wir erheben, wenn Sie X nutzen, lassen sich in drei Kategorien unterteilen.
1.1 Daten, die Sie uns zur Verfügung stellen.
Zur Nutzung einiger unserer Produkte und Dienste benötigen Sie einen Account, und zur Erstellung eines Accounts müssen Sie uns bestimmte Daten zur Verfügung stellen. Gleichfalls können wir, wenn Sie unsere kostenpflichtigen Produkte und Dienste nutzen, Ihnen diese nicht zur Verfügung stellen, wenn wir Ihre Zahlungsdaten nicht erhalten. Grundsätzlich brauchen wir für viele unserer Produkte und Dienste bestimmte Daten, damit Sie sie nutzen können.
Persönliche Accounts.
Wenn Sie einen Account erstellen, müssen Sie uns einige Daten zur Verfügung stellen, damit wir Ihnen unsere Dienste bereitstellen können. Dazu gehören ein Anzeigename (zum Beispiel „Gestalter*innen“); ein Nutzername (zum Beispiel @XGestalter*innen); ein Passwort; eine E-Mail-Adresse oder Telefonnummer; ein Geburtsdatum, Ihre Anzeigesprache und Daten zur einmaligen Anmeldung bei Dritten (wenn Sie diese Anmeldemethode wählen). Sie können sich auch dafür entscheiden, Ihren Standort in Ihrem Profil und in Ihren Posts zu teilen und Ihr Adressbuch auf X hochzuladen, damit Sie leichter nach Personen suchen können, die Sie kennen. Ihre Profildaten, einschließlich Ihres Anzeigenamens und Ihres Nutzernamens, sind immer öffentlich, aber Sie können entweder Ihren echten Namen oder ein Pseudonym verwenden. Denken Sie auch daran, dass Sie mehrere X Accounts einrichten können, zum Beispiel wenn Sie verschiedene Aspekte Ihrer Identität zum Ausdruck bringen möchten, sei es beruflich oder anderweitig.
Professionelle Accounts.
Wenn Sie einen
professionellen Account
einrichten, müssen Sie uns auch eine professionelle Kategorie angeben und können uns weitere Daten zur Verfügung stellen, einschließlich Postanschrift, Kontakt-E-Mail-Adresse und Kontakt-Telefonnummer. Alle diese Daten sind immer öffentlich.
Zahlungsdaten.
Wenn Sie Werbeanzeigen oder andere Angebote kaufen möchten, die im Rahmen unserer kostenpflichtigen Produkte und Dienste zur Verfügung gestellt werden, müssen Sie uns Zahlungsdaten zur Verfügung stellen, einschließlich Ihrer Kredit- oder Debitkartennummer, des Ablaufdatums der Karte, des CVV-Codes und der Rechnungsadresse.
Bevorzugte Einstellungen.
Wenn Sie in Ihren
Einstellungen
bestimmte Präferenzen angeben, erheben wir diese Daten, damit wir Ihre Wünsche berücksichtigen können.
Biometrische Informationen.
Wenn Sie dazu Ihre Einwilligung gegeben haben, können wir Ihre biometrischen Daten zu Sicherheits- und Identifikationszwecken erfassen und verwenden.
Stellenbewerbungen/Empfehlungen.
Wir können Ihre personenbezogenen Daten (z. B. Informationen aus Ihrer Biografie, Ihren beruflichen Werdegang, Ihren Bildungsgang, Ihre Beschäftigungspräferenzen, Fähigkeiten und Fertigkeiten oder Ihre Aktivität und Interaktionen bei der Stellensuche, zusätzlich zu den Informationen, die wir bereits gemäß dem Abschnitt „Daten, die wir erheben, wenn Sie X nutzen“ unserer Datenschutzerklärung weiter unten erfassen) dafür erfassen und heranziehen, Ihnen potenzielle Jobs zu empfehlen, sie an potenzielle Arbeitgeber weiterzuleiten, wenn Sie sich auf eine Stelle bewerben, sodass Arbeitgeber potenzielle Kandidat*innen finden können, und Ihnen relevantere Werbung zu zeigen.
1.2 Daten, die wir erheben, wenn Sie X nutzen.
Wenn Sie unsere Dienste nutzen, erheben wir Daten darüber, wie Sie unsere Produkte und Dienste nutzen. Mithilfe dieser Daten stellen wir Ihnen Produkte und Dienste zur Verfügung und tragen dazu bei, dass X sicherer und respektvoller für alle und relevanter für Sie ist.
Nutzungsinformationen.
Wir erfassen Informationen über Ihre Aktivitäten auf X, darunter:
Von Ihnen gepostete Beiträge und andere Inhalte (einschließlich Datum, Anwendung und Version von X) sowie Informationen zu Ihrer Broadcast-Aktivität (z. B. Spaces), einschließlich von Ihnen erstellter Broadcasts und deren Erstellungszeitpunkt, Ihrer Listen, Lesezeichen und Communities, denen Sie angehören.
Ihre Interaktionen mit den Inhalten anderer Nutzer*innen, wie z. B. Reposts, „Gefällt mir“-Angaben, Lesezeichen, geteilten Inhalten, Downloads, Antworten, wenn andere Nutzer*innen Sie in Inhalten erwähnen oder markieren oder wenn Sie sie erwähnen oder markieren, und Broadcasts, an denen Sie teilgenommen haben (einschließlich Ihres Verlaufs in Bezug auf angesehene/angehörte Inhalte, Kommentare, Sprechbeiträge und Reaktionen).
Wie Sie mit anderen auf der Plattform interagieren, beispielsweise mit Personen, denen Sie folgen, und Personen, die Ihnen folgen, Metadaten in Bezug auf
verschlüsselte Nachrichten
und, wenn Sie
Direktnachrichten
verwenden, auch den Inhalt der Nachrichten, die Empfänger*innen sowie Datum und Uhrzeit der Nachrichten.
Wenn Sie mit uns kommunizieren, beispielsweise per E-Mail, erheben wir Daten über die Kommunikation und deren Inhalt.
Wir erheben Daten über Links, mit denen Sie in unseren Diensten interagieren (auch in den E-Mails, die wir Ihnen schicken).
Käufe und Zahlungen.
Damit Sie unter Verwendung von X-Funktionen oder -Diensten eine Zahlung tätigen oder Geld senden können, auch über einen Vermittler, erhalten wir möglicherweise Informationen zu Ihrer Transaktion, etwa wann sie getätigt wurde, wann ein Abonnement abläuft oder automatisch verlängert wird und welche Beträge gezahlt oder erhalten wurden.
Gerätedaten.
Wir erfassen Informationen von und über die Geräte, die Sie für den Zugriff auf X verwenden, darunter:
Daten über Ihre Verbindung, wie beispielsweise Ihre IP-Adresse, den Browsertyp und verwandte Informationen.
Daten über Ihr Gerät und seine Einstellungen, wie beispielsweise Geräte- und Werbe-ID, Betriebssystem, Anbieter, Sprache, Speicher, installierte Apps und Akkustand.
Das Adressbuch Ihres Geräts, wenn Sie sich dazu entschieden haben, es mit uns zu teilen.
Standortinformationen.
Wenn Sie X verwenden, erfassen wir einige Informationen zu Ihrem ungefähren Standort, um Ihnen den erwarteten Dienst bereitzustellen, einschließlich der Anzeige relevanter Werbung. Sie können auch wählen, ob Sie Ihren aktuellen genauen Standort oder Orte, an denen Sie X zuvor genutzt haben, teilen möchten, indem Sie diese Einstellungen in Ihrem Account aktivieren.
Abgeleitete Identität.
Wir können Informationen sammeln oder erhalten, die wir verwenden, um auf Ihre Identität zu schließen, wie unten beschrieben:
Wenn Sie sich mit einem Browser oder Gerät bei X anmelden, verknüpfen wir diesen Browser oder dieses Gerät mit Ihrem Account. Vorbehaltlich Ihrer Einstellungen können wir Ihren Account auch mit anderen Browsern oder Geräten verknüpfen als mit denen, die Sie für die Anmeldung bei X nutzen (oder Ihr abgemeldetes Gerät oder Ihren Browser mit anderen Browsern oder Geräten oder von X generierten Identifikatoren verknüpfen).
Wenn Sie X andere Daten zur Verfügung stellen, einschließlich einer E-Mail-Adresse oder Telefonnummer, verknüpfen wir diese Daten mit Ihrem X Account. Vorbehaltlich Ihrer Einstellungen können wir anhand dieser Daten auch andere Daten über Ihre Identität ableiten, zum Beispiel indem wir Ihren Account mit Hashes von E-Mail-Adressen verknüpfen, die gemeinsame Komponenten mit der E-Mail-Adresse haben, die Sie X zur Verfügung gestellt haben.
Wenn Sie auf X zugreifen und nicht angemeldet sind, können wir anhand der von uns erhobenen Daten Rückschlüsse auf Ihre Identität ziehen.
Protokollinformationen.
Wenn Sie Inhalte auf unseren Produkten und Diensten ansehen oder auf andere Weise mit ihnen interagieren, erhalten wir möglicherweise Informationen, auch wenn Sie keinen Account erstellt haben oder abgemeldet sind, beispielsweise:
IP-Adresse und zugehörige Informationen; Browsertyp und -sprache; Betriebssystem; die verweisende Webseite; Zugriffszeiten; besuchte Seiten; Standort; Ihr Mobilfunkanbieter; Geräteinformationen (einschließlich Geräte- und Anwendungs-IDs); Suchbegriffe und IDs (einschließlich derjenigen, die nicht als Abfragen übermittelt wurden); Ihnen auf X angezeigte Anzeigen; von X generierte Kennungen; und mit Cookies verknüpfte Kennungen. Wir erhalten Protokolldaten auch, wenn Sie auf Links in unseren Diensten klicken, sich diese ansehen oder mit ihnen interagieren, u. a. wenn Sie eine andere Applikation über X installieren.
Werbung.
Wenn Sie Werbung ansehen oder mit ihr interagieren, die wir auf oder außerhalb von X bereitstellen, erfassen wir möglicherweise Informationen zu diesen Ansichten oder Interaktionen (z. B. Ansehen einer Videoanzeige oder eines Prerolls, Anklicken einer Anzeige, Interagieren mit Reposts oder Antworten auf eine Anzeige).
Cookies und ähnliche Technologien.
Wie viele Websites verwenden wir Cookies und ähnliche Technologien, um zusätzliche Daten zur Website-Nutzung zu sammeln und unsere Dienste zu betreiben. Für viele Teile unserer Produkte und Dienste, wie etwa die Suche und Anzeige öffentlicher Profile, sind Cookies nicht erforderlich. Weitere Informationen zur Verwendung von Cookies und ähnlichen Technologien finden Sie
hier
.
Interaktionen mit unseren Inhalten auf Websites Dritter.
Wenn Sie sich unsere Inhalte auf Websites von Dritten ansehen, die X Inhalte wie eingebettete Timelines oder Buttons zum Posten integrieren, können wir Protokolldaten erhalten, einschließlich der von Ihnen besuchten Webseite.
1.3 Daten, die wir von Dritten erhalten.
Wenn Sie andere Online-Produkte und -Dienste nutzen, können sie Daten über diese Nutzung an uns weitergeben.
Werbepartner, Entwickler, Verleger.
Unsere Werbe- und Geschäftspartner geben Daten wie Browser-Cookie-IDs, von X generierte Identifikatoren,
IDs von Mobilgeräten, gehashte Nutzerdaten wie E-Mail-Adressen, demografische Daten oder Interessensdaten sowie auf einer Website oder App angesehene Inhalte oder durchgeführte Aktionen an uns weiter. Einige unserer Werbepartner, insbesondere unsere Werbekunden, ermöglichen es uns auch, ähnliche Daten direkt von ihrer Website oder App zu erheben, indem sie unsere Werbetechnologie integrieren. Daten, die von Werbepartnern und verbundenen Unternehmen weitergegeben oder von X von den Websites und Apps der Werbepartner und verbundenen Unternehmen erhoben werden, können mit den anderen Daten kombiniert werden, die Sie mit X teilen und die X erhält,
generiert oder
über Sie ableitet, wie an anderer Stelle in diesen Datenschutzrichtlinien beschrieben.
Andere Dritte, Account-Verbindungen und Integrationen.
Wir können Daten über Sie von Dritten erhalten, die nicht unsere Werbepartner sind, wie beispielsweise von anderen X Nutzer*innen, Entwickler*innen und Partner*innen, die uns helfen, die Sicherheit und Qualität von Inhalten auf unserer Plattform zu bewerten, von unseren
verbundenen Unternehmen
und von anderen Diensten, die Sie mit Ihrem X Account verknüpfen. Sie können sich entscheiden, Ihren X Account mit Ihrem Account bei einem anderen Dienst zu verbinden und dieser andere Dienst kann uns Daten über Ihren Account bei diesem Dienst senden.
2. Wie wir Daten verwenden
Aufgrund der Funktionsweise der Systeme, die unsere Dienste für Sie anbieten, ist es nicht einfach, die Verwendung der von uns erhobenen Daten aufzuschlüsseln. So kann beispielsweise dieselbe Dateninformation in verschiedener Art und Weise für verschiedene Zwecke verwendet werden, damit letztlich ein einziger Dienst erbracht werden kann. Am zweckdienlichsten ist es wahrscheinlich, die fünf wichtigsten Arten und Weisen zu erläutern, in der wir Daten verwenden. Wenn Sie Fragen haben, die nicht beantwortet werden, können Sie uns jederzeit
kontaktieren
. Mehr im Folgenden:
2.1 Betreiben, Verbessern und Personalisieren unserer Dienste.
Die von uns erhobenen Daten nutzen wir zur Bereitstellung und zum Betrieb der X Produkte und Dienste. Außerdem verbessern und personalisieren wir mit den erhobenen Daten unsere Produkte und Dienste, damit Sie ein besseres Erlebnis auf X haben, u. a. indem wir Ihnen relevantere Inhalte und Werbung zeigen, Ihnen Personen und Themen vorschlagen, denen Sie folgen können, und Ihnen helfen,
verbundene Unternehmen
, Apps von Dritten und Dienste zu entdecken. Wir können die Daten, die wir erheben, und öffentlich verfügbare Daten zum Training unserer Modelle für Maschinenlernen oder künstliche Intelligenz für die in dieser Richtlinie dargelegten Zwecke heranziehen.
Wir können die Daten, die wir von Accounts anderer Dienste erheben, bei denen Sie sich zur Verknüpfung mit Ihrem X Accounts entschieden haben, heranziehen, damit wir Ihnen Funktionen wie dienstübergreifendes Posting oder dienstübergreifende Authentifizierung bieten und unsere Dienste betreiben können.
Anhand Ihrer Kontaktdaten helfen wir anderen, Ihren Account zu finden, wenn Ihre Einstellungen dies zulassen, u. a. über Dienste von Dritten und Client-Applikationen.
Vorbehaltlich Ihrer
Einstellungen
stellen wir mithilfe Ihrer Daten unsere Dienste für Werbung und gesponserte Inhalte bereit, was dabei hilft, die Werbeanzeigen auf X für Sie relevanter zu gestalten. Anhand dieser Daten messen wir auch die Effektivität von Werbeanzeigen und helfen, Ihre Geräte zu erkennen, damit wir Werbeanzeigen auf und außerhalb von X für Sie schalten können. Einige unserer Werbepartner ermöglichen es uns auch, ähnliche Daten direkt von ihrer Website oder App zu erheben, indem sie unsere Werbetechnologie integrieren. Daten, die von Werbepartnern und verbundenen Unternehmen weitergegeben oder von X von den Websites und Apps der Werbepartner und verbundenen Unternehmen erhoben werden, können mit den anderen Daten kombiniert werden, die Sie mit X teilen und die X erhält, generiert oder über Sie ableitet, wie an anderer Stelle in unseren Datenschutzrichtlinien beschrieben.
2.2  Sicherheit und Schutz fördern.
Anhand der von uns erhobenen Daten sorgen wir für den Schutz und die Sicherheit unserer Nutzer*innen, unserer Produkte, unserer Dienste und Ihres Accounts. Dazu gehören die Überprüfung Ihrer Identität, die Authentifizierung Ihres Accounts und die Abwehr von Betrug, unbefugter Nutzung und illegalen Aktivitäten. Außerdem bewerten und beeinflussen wir mithilfe der Daten die Sicherheit und Qualität der Inhalte auf X. Das beinhaltet die Untersuchung und Durchsetzung unserer Richtlinien und AGB sowie des geltenden Rechts.
2.3 Messen, Analysieren und Verbessern unserer Dienst.
Anhand der von uns erhobenen Daten messen und analysieren wir die Effektivität unserer Produkte und Dienste und lernen besser verstehen, wie Sie sie nutzen, damit wir sie weiter verbessern können.
2.4 Kommunikation mit Ihnen über unsere Dienste.
Anhand der von uns erhobenen Daten kommunizieren wir mit Ihnen über unsere Produkte und Dienste, u. a. über Produktaktualisierungen und Änderungen unserer Richtlinien und AGB. Wenn Sie sich dafür entscheiden, können wir Ihnen auch gelegentlich Marketingnachrichten schicken.
2.5 Forschung.
Anhand der Daten, die Sie uns mitteilen oder die wir erheben, führen wir Forschung, Umfragen, Produkttests und Fehlerbehebungen durch, die uns helfen, unsere Produkte und Dienste zu betreiben und zu verbessern.
3. Weitergabe von Daten
Sie sollten wissen, auf welche Weise wir Ihre Daten weitergeben, warum wir sie weitergeben und wie Sie dies beeinflussen können. Es gibt fünf grundsätzliche Möglichkeiten, wie wir Ihre Daten weitergeben.
3.1 Wenn Sie posten und teilen.
An die breite Öffentlichkeit
. Sie weisen uns an, diese Daten so weit wie möglich offenzulegen. Die Inhalte von X, einschließlich Ihrer Profildaten (z. B. Name/Pseudonym, Nutzername, Profilbilder), sind für die breite Öffentlichkeit zur Ansicht zugänglich. Die Öffentlichkeit muss sich nicht anmelden, um einen Teil der Inhalte auf X zu sehen. X Inhalte sind auch außerhalb von X auffindbar, zum Beispiel über die Ergebnisse von Suchanfragen in Internet-Suchmaschinen oder in Videos, die heruntergeladen und anderswo geteilt wurden (abhängig von Ihren
Einstellungen
).
An andere X Nutzer*innen.
Abhängig von Ihren
Einstellungen
und basierend auf den X Produkten und Diensten, die Sie nutzen, geben wir Folgendes weiter:
Ihre Interaktionen mit X-Inhalten anderer Benutzer, z. B. Antworten und Personen, denen Sie folgen.
Inhalte, die Sie an bestimmte X Nutzer*innen senden, wie beispielsweise über
Direktnachrichten
. Zur Beachtung: Wenn Sie Daten wie Direktnachrichten oder geschützte Posts mit einer Person geteilt haben, die über einen Dienst eines Dritten auf X zugreift, können die Daten an den Dienst des Dritten weitergegeben werden.
An Partner.
Abhängig von Ihren
Einstellungen
stellen wir auch bestimmten Dritten Daten zur Verfügung, damit sie uns beim Angebot oder Betrieb unserer Produkte und Dienste unterstützen. In unserem
Hilfe-Center
erfahren Sie mehr über diese Partnerschaften. Ob X Ihre personenbezogenen Daten an diese Partner weitergibt, steuern Sie über die Option „Datenaustausch mit Geschäftspartnern“ in Ihren
Einstellungen für Datenschutz und Sicherheit
. (Diese Einstellung steuert nicht die Weitergabe, die an anderer Stelle in diesen Datenschutzrichtlinien beschrieben wird, wie beispielsweise wenn wir Daten mit unseren Dienstleistern oder durch andere als die in diesem
Hilfe-Center
-Artikel beschriebenen Partnerschaften teilen.)
3.2 Mit Drittanbietern und Drittanbieterintegrationen.
An Dienstleister.
Wir können Ihre Daten an unsere
Dienstleister
weitergeben, die in unserem Auftrag Funktionen und Dienste erbringen, u.a. Zahlungsdienstleister, die Zahlungen ermöglichen; Servicepartner, die unsere verschiedenen Blogs und Wikis hosten; Servicepartner, die uns helfen, die Nutzung unserer Dienste zu verstehen, Anbieter von Bewerberverfolgungssystemen, die Bewerber- und Stellendaten an mögliche Arbeitgeber versenden und von ihnen enthalten, und solche, die Betrugserkennungsdienste anbieten.
An Werbekunden.
Werbeeinnahmen ermöglichen es uns, unsere Produkte und Dienste zur Verfügung zu stellen. Werbekunden können Daten aus Ihrer Interaktion mit ihren Werbeanzeigen auf oder außerhalb von X erhalten. Wenn Sie beispielsweise in unseren Diensten auf einen externen Link oder eine Werbeanzeige klicken, kann der Werbekunde oder der Betreiber der Website herausfinden, dass Sie von X gekommen sind, zusammen mit anderen Daten, die mit der Werbeanzeige, auf die Sie geklickt haben, verknüpft sind, wie beispielsweise Merkmale der Zielgruppe, die damit erreicht werden sollte, und andere von X generierte Identifikatoren für diese Werbeanzeige. Sie können auch andere personenbezogene Daten von Ihnen erheben, wie beispielsweise Cookie-Identifikatoren oder Ihre IP-Adresse.
Inhalte und Integrationen von Dritten.
Wir geben Ihre Daten mit Ihrer Einwilligung oder auf Ihre Anweisung hin weiter oder legen diese offen, beispielsweise wenn Sie
einen Web-Client oder eine Applikation eines Dritten autorisieren
, auf Ihren Account zuzugreifen, oder uns anweisen, Ihr Feedback an ein Unternehmen weiterzugeben. Gleichfalls arbeiten wir zur Verbesserung Ihrer Nutzung mit Dritten zusammen, damit ihre Videoinhalte auf X angezeigt oder Inhalte plattformübergreifend geteilt werden können. Wenn Sie sich Inhalte unserer Videopartner oder plattformübergreifenden Partner ansehen oder anderweitig mit diesen interagieren, können diese Ihre personenbezogenen Daten erhalten und verarbeiten, wie in ihren Datenschutzerklärungen beschrieben. Für Videoinhalte können Sie Ihre
Autoplay-Einstellungen
anpassen, wenn Sie möchten, dass die Inhalte nicht automatisch abgespielt werden.
Kooperation mit Dritten.
Wenn Sie die entsprechenden
Einstellungen
vorgenommen haben oder sich dazu entschließen, Ihre Daten weiterzugeben, können wir Ihre Informationen an Dritte weitergeben oder offenlegen. Wenn Sie sich nicht abmelden, können die Empfänger der Informationen diese in einigen Fällen zusätzlich zu den in der Datenschutzrichtlinie von X genannten Zwecken auch für ihre eigenen unabhängigen Zwecke verwenden, darunter beispielsweise zum Trainieren ihrer Modelle künstlicher Intelligenz, ob generativ oder anderweitig.
Durch unsere APIs.
Wir verwenden Technologien wie
APIs
und Einbettungen zur Bereitstellung öffentlicher X Daten für Websites, Apps und andere zu ihrer Nutzung, zum Beispiel damit Posts auf einer Nachrichten-Website angezeigt werden können oder damit analysiert werden kann, was Personen auf X äußern. Wir stellen diese Inhalte in der Regel in begrenztem Umfang kostenlos zur Verfügung und erheben Lizenzgebühren für den Zugriff in großem Umfang. Wir haben
Standard
-Geschäftsbedingungen, die regeln, wie diese Daten verwendet werden können, und ein Compliance-Programm zur Durchsetzung dieser Bedingungen. Diese Personen und Unternehmen sind jedoch nicht mit X verbunden und ihre Angebote spiegeln möglicherweise nicht die Aktualisierungen wider, die Sie auf X vornehmen. Weitere Informationen darüber, wie wir der Welt öffentliche Daten auf X zur Verfügung stellen, finden Sie unter
https://developer.x.com
.
3.3 In Fällen, in denen es gesetzlich vorgeschrieben ist, zur Verhinderung von Schaden oder im öffentlichen Interesse.
Wir können Ihre Daten aufbewahren, verwenden, weitergeben oder offenlegen, wenn wir glauben, dass es für einen der folgenden Zwecke vernünftigerweise notwendig ist:
zur Einhaltung eines Gesetzes, einer Verordnung oder
zur Erfüllung eines rechtsgültigen Verfahrens oder einer behördlichen Anfrage
zum Schutz der Sicherheit einer Person, zum Schutz der Sicherheit oder Integrität unserer Plattform, u. a. zur Verhinderung von Spam, Missbrauch oder böswilligen Akteuren auf unseren Diensten
Erklären, warum wir Inhalte oder Konten aus unseren Diensten entfernt haben (z. B. wegen eines Verstoßes gegen
unsere Regeln
);
zur Lösung von Problemen mit Betrug und Sicherheit oder technischen Problemen
zum Schutz unserer Rechte oder unseres Eigentum oder der Rechte oder des Eigentums der Personen, die unsere Dienste nutzen
Wir können außerdem verschiedene Signale und Ihre Daten zur Ableitung, Aufbewahrung, Nutzung, Weiterleitung oder Offenlegung Ihres Alter und Ihrer Identitätsinformationen heranziehen, damit wir gesetzliche Vorschriften einhalten können sowie je nach Sachlage im Interesse von Sicherheit, Schutz, Betrugsbekämpfung, Sorgfaltspflichten in Bezug auf Kund*innen und Unternehmen sowie zur Identitätsprüfung. Zu diesen Zwecken können wir Ihre Alters- und Identitätsinformationen auch an unsere Partner, Dienstanbieter und andere weitergeben oder offenlegen.
3.4 An unsere verbundenen Unternehmen.
Wir können Daten an unsere
verbundenen Unternehmen
weitergeben, damit unsere Produkte und Dienste zur Verfügung gestellt werden können.
3.5 Änderung der Eigentumsverhältnisse.
Wir können Daten über Sie in Verbindung mit einer Fusion, Übernahme, Reorganisation, einem Verkauf von Vermögenswerten oder einem Konkurs weitergeben, verkaufen oder übertragen. Diese Datenschutzerklärung gilt für Ihre personenbezogenen Daten, die (vor und nach dem Abschluss einer Transaktion) an das neue Unternehmen weitergegeben oder übertragen werden.
4. Wie lange wir Daten aufbewahren
Wir bewahren verschiedene Arten von Informationen für unterschiedlich lange Zeiträume auf, abhängig davon, wie lange wir sie benötigen, damit wir Ihnen unsere Produkte und Dienste bereitstellen und unseren gesetzlichen Verpflichtungen nachkommen können, sowie aus Sicherheitsgründen. Zum Beispiel:
Wir speichern Ihre Profilinformationen wie Ihren Anzeigenamen, Benutzernamen, Ihr Passwort und Ihre E-Mail-Adresse für die Dauer Ihres Kontos. Ohne die Speicherung dieser Informationen können wir Ihnen unsere Produkte und Dienstleistungen nicht bereitstellen.
Wir speichern Ihre Nutzungsinformationen, beispielsweise die von Ihnen veröffentlichten Inhalte, Ihre Interaktionen mit den Inhalten anderer Nutzer*innen und Ihre Interaktion mit anderen auf der Plattform, solange Ihr Account besteht oder bis diese Inhalte entfernt werden.
Wir speichern Ihre Zahlungsinformationen, einschließlich Ihrer Kredit- oder Debitkartennummer und Rechnungsadresse, für die Dauer, in der Sie unsere kostenpflichtigen Produkte und Dienste nutzen. Aufzeichnungen von Transaktionen werden im Einklang mit geltendem Recht länger aufbewahrt.
Wenn Sie mit uns kommunizieren, beispielsweise per E-Mail, bewahren wir Informationen über die Kommunikation und deren Inhalt bis zu 18 Monate lang auf, es sei denn, wir müssen sie für einen längeren Zeitraum aufbewahren, um unseren gesetzlichen Verpflichtungen nachzukommen oder unsere gesetzlichen Rechte auszuüben oder zu verteidigen.
Wir erfassen Geräteinformationen, Standortinformationen, abgeleitete Identitätsinformationen und Protokollinformationen im Allgemeinen mithilfe von Cookies. Wir bewahren Cookies und mithilfe von Cookies erfasste Informationen bis zu 13 Monate lang auf. Weitere Informationen zur Verwendung von Cookies und ähnlichen Technologien finden Sie
hier
.
Informationen zu Ihren Ansichten oder Interaktionen mit Anzeigen mit oder ohne X sowie zu Ihrer Interaktion mit unseren Inhalten auf Websites von Drittanbietern speichern wir bis zu 90 Tage lang.
Wir speichern von Werbe- und Geschäftspartnern weitergegebene Informationen bis zu 90 Tage lang.
Wenn Sie gegen unsere Regeln verstoßen und Ihr Account gesperrt wird, können wir die Identifikatoren, die Sie zur Erstellung des Accounts verwendet haben (z. B. E-Mail-Adresse oder Telefonnummer), auf unbestimmte Zeit speichern. Dadurch wollen wir verhindern, dass Wiederholungstäter*innen neue Accounts erstellen.
Um gesetzliche Anforderungen zu erfüllen und aus Sicherheitsgründen müssen wir bestimmte Informationen möglicherweise länger aufbewahren, als in unseren Richtlinien angegeben. Zum Beispiel:
Damit wir einem Gesetz, einer Verordnung, einem rechtsgültigen Verfahren oder einer behördlichen Anfrage nachkommen können.
Darunter fällt die Erfüllung einer rechtlich angemessenen Aufbewahrungsanfrage von Strafverfolgungsbehörden. Weitere Informationen zum Zugriff durch Strafverfolgungsbehörden finden Sie
hier
.
Im Zusammenhang mit Rechtsansprüchen, Rechtsstreitigkeiten und behördlichen Angelegenheiten.
Einschließlich der Fälle, in denen es vernünftigerweise notwendig ist, Informationen zu Ihrem Konto aufzubewahren, um X gegen Rechtsansprüche zu verteidigen.
Um die Sicherheit unserer Produkte und Dienstleistungen zu gewährleisten.
Einschließlich der Fälle, in denen es erforderlich ist, Ihre Daten länger zu speichern, um den Missbrauch unserer Produkte und Dienstleistungen zu untersuchen und zu bekämpfen.
Bedenken Sie, dass öffentliche Inhalte auch nach ihrer Entfernung von X noch woanders vorhanden sein können. Suchmaschinen und andere Drittanbieter können beispielsweise Kopien Ihrer Beiträge auf Grundlage ihrer eigenen Datenschutzrichtlinien länger aufbewahren, selbst nachdem sie auf X gelöscht wurden oder abgelaufen sind. Weitere Informationen zur Suchsichtbarkeit finden Sie
hier
.
5. Übernehmen Sie die Kontrolle
5.1 Zugriff, Berichtigung, Übertragbarkeit.
Sie können auf die Daten, die Sie uns zur Verfügung gestellt haben, zugreifen, sie berichtigen oder ändern, indem Sie Ihr Profil bearbeiten und Ihre Account-
Einstellungen
anpassen.
Unter
Deine X Daten
erfahren Sie mehr über die Daten, die wir über Sie erhoben oder abgeleitet haben.
Hier
können Sie Zugriff auf weitere Daten anfordern.
Sie können eine Kopie Ihrer Daten, z. B. Ihrer Posts, herunterladen, indem Sie den Anweisungen
hier
folgen.
Zum Schutz Ihrer Privatsphäre und zur Aufrechterhaltung der Sicherheit ergreifen wir Maßnahmen zur Überprüfung Ihrer Identität, bevor wir Ihnen Auskunft über Ihre personenbezogenen Daten gewähren oder einem Antrag auf Löschung, Übertragbarkeit oder einem anderen damit zusammenhängenden Antrag nachkommen. In bestimmten Situationen können wir Ihren Antrag auf Zugriff, Berichtigung oder Übertragbarkeit ablehnen, z. B. wenn Sie Ihre Identität nicht nachweisen können.
5.2 Löschung Ihrer Daten.
Wenn Sie den Anweisungen
hier
folgen, wird Ihr Account deaktiviert und Ihre Daten werden in eine Warteschlange zur Löschung gestellt. Ist Ihr X Account deaktiviert, sind der Account, Ihr Anzeigename, Ihr Nutzername und Ihr öffentliches Profil auf X.com, in X für iOS und in X für Android nicht mehr sichtbar. Bis zu 30 Tage nach der Deaktivierung ist eine Wiederherstellung Ihres X Accounts möglich, falls er versehentlich oder fälschlich deaktiviert wurde.
5.3 Widerspruch, Einschränkung oder Rückzug Ihrer Einwilligung.
Hier
können Sie Ihre Datenschutzeinstellungen und andere Account-Funktionen verwalten. Wenn Sie Ihre Einstellungen ändern, kann es einige Zeit dauern, bis Ihre Auswahl in unseren Systemen vollständig umgesetzt ist. Abhängig davon, welche Einstellungen Sie angepasst haben, können Sie auch Änderungen bei Ihrer X Nutzung oder Einschränkungen beim Zugriff auf bestimmte Funktionen feststellen. Sie können auch zusätzliche Einstellungen verwalten, wenn Sie mit bestimmten Inhalten und Funktionen in verschiedenen Teilen der Plattform interagieren, z. B. ob ein
Space
aufgezeichnet wird oder ob
Videos, die Sie hochladen,
von anderen heruntergeladen werden können.
5.4 Anfragen von bevollmächtigten Vertreter*innen.
Wenn Sie eine Anfrage bezüglich des Zugriffs, der Berichtigung oder der Löschung Ihrer Daten oder der Daten einer anderen Person, deren bevollmächtigte*r Vertreter*in Sie sind, stellen möchten, können Sie sich auch mit der Methode an uns wenden, die im Abschnitt „Wie kann ich X kontaktieren?“ unserer Datenschutzrichtlinien unten beschrieben ist. Wir können von Ihnen verlangen, dass Sie zusätzliche Daten zur Überprüfung zur Verfügung stellen.
6. Ihre und unsere Rechte
Wir stellen X Personen auf der ganzen Welt zur Verfügung und bieten allen unseren Nutzer*innen, unabhängig von ihrem Wohnort, viele der gleichen Datenschutz-Tools und Kontrollmöglichkeiten. Es kann jedoch sein, dass sich Ihre Nutzung etwas anders gestaltet als für Nutzer*innen in anderen Ländern. Das soll sicherstellen, dass X die lokalen Anforderungen respektiert.
6.1 Wir stützen uns bei der Nutzung Ihrer Daten auf bestimmte Rechtsgrundlagen.
X hat die Rechtsgrundlagen, auf deren Grundlage es X erlaubt ist, Ihre Daten zu erheben, zu verwenden, weiterzugeben und anderweitig zu verarbeiten, sorgfältig geprüft. Wenn Sie mehr erfahren und die Feinheiten besser verstehen möchten, empfehlen wir Ihnen, sich diese
zusätzlichen Informationen über die Datenverarbeitung
anzusehen. Und nein, wir verkaufen Ihre personenbezogenen Daten nicht.
6.2 Wir verlagern Ihre Daten, damit X für Sie funktioniert.
So wie Sie sich mit X nahtlos an globalen Konversationen mit Personen in Ländern auf der ganzen Welt beteiligen, muss X Daten über Grenzen hinweg und in verschiedene Länder auf der ganzen Welt verlagern, damit der sichere und zuverlässige Dienst, auf den Sie sich verlassen, möglich wird. Wenn Sie zum Beispiel in Europa leben und eine Konversation mit jemandem in den USA führen, müssen Daten zwischen diesen Ländern ausgetauscht werden, damit die Konversation möglich wird. Das ist es, was Sie von uns erwarten.
Wir nutzen auch Rechenzentren und Cloud-Anbieter und beauftragen
unsere verbundenen Unternehmen
sowie Dritte und
Dienstleister
in vielen Teilen der Welt, damit sie uns bei der Bereitstellung unserer Dienste helfen. Bevor wir Daten zwischen Ländern übertragen, prüfen wir die Risiken, die für die Daten bestehen können, und verlassen uns, sofern zutreffend, auf
Standardvertragsklauseln
(SCCs), um sicherzustellen, dass Ihre Datenschutzrechte geschützt sind. Um eine Kopie der SCCs anzufordern, kontaktieren Sie uns bitte
hier
. Wenn Daten an Dritte weitergegeben werden, verlangen wir von ihnen, dass sie den gleichen Schutz für Ihre Daten gewährleisten, wie wir selbst bieten.
X ist an Datenschutz-Rahmenvereinbarungen (Data Privacy Frameworks, DPF) zwischen der EU und den USA und zwischen der Schweiz und den USA und an der Ausweitung des EU-US PDF auf das Vereinigte Königreich
beteiligt
. X beachtet bei jeglicher Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten, die aus der Europäischen Union, der Schweiz und dem Vereinigten Königreich stammen, die DPF-Prinzipien in Bezug auf die DPF zwischen der EU und den USA bzw. der Schweiz und den USA bzw. in Bezug auf die Ausweitung des EU-US PDF auf das Vereinigte Königreich. Wenn Sie eine Anfrage oder Beschwerde bezüglich unserer Teilnahme am DPF haben, kontaktieren Sie uns bitte
hier
. Im Rahmen unserer Beteiligung an den DPF versuchen wir bei Streitigkeiten zwischen Ihnen und uns in Bezug auf unsere Einhaltung der DPF-Prinzipien, diese durch unser internes Beschwerdeverfahren zu lösen, alternativ durch die in den USA basierte unabhängige Schlichtungsstelle
JAMS
, und unter bestimmten Bedingungen durch das DPF-Schlichtungsverfahren anhand der Verfahren und gemäß den Bedingungen, die in
Anhang 1
zu den DPF-Prinzipien beschrieben sind. DPF-Teilnehmer unterliegen den Untersuchungs- und Durchsetzungsbefugnissen der US-amerikanischen Federal Trade Commission und anderer autorisierter gesetzlicher Stellen. Unter bestimmten Umständen können die beteiligten Parteien für die Übertragung personenbezogener Daten aus der EU, der Schweiz und dem Vereinigten Königreich an Dritte außerhalb der EU, der Schweiz und des Vereinigten Königreichs haftbar sein. Weitere Informationen zum EU-US-DPF, zum Schweiz-US-DPF und zur britischen Erweiterung des EU-US-DPF
finden Sie hier
.
7. Die Zielgruppe von X
8. Änderungen an diesen Datenschutzrichtlinien
Die aktuellste Version dieser Datenschutzerklärung regelt unsere Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten und wir können diese Datenschutzerklärung gelegentlich nach Bedarf überarbeiten.
Wenn wir diese Datenschutzrichtlinien überarbeiten und Änderungen vornehmen, die wir als wesentlich erachten, werden wir Sie darüber informieren und Ihnen die Möglichkeit geben, die überarbeiteten Datenschutzrichtlinien zu überprüfen, bevor Sie X weiter nutzen.
9. Allgemein
Die X Datenschutzrichtlinien sind auf Englisch verfasst, werden aber durch Übersetzungen in mehreren Sprachen verfügbar gemacht. X strebt an, dass die Übersetzungen die englische Originalversion so genau wie möglich wiedergeben. Im Falle von Abweichungen oder Unstimmigkeiten hat jedoch die englischsprachige Version der X Datenschutzrichtlinien Vorrang. Sie erkennen an, dass Englisch die Referenzsprache für die Interpretation und Konstruktion der Bedingungen der X Datenschutzrichtlinien ist.
10. Kontaktaufnahme mit X
Wir möchten von Ihnen hören, wenn Sie Gedanken oder Fragen zu dieser Datenschutzerklärung haben. Sie können uns über unsere Seite für
Anfragen zum Datenschutz
kontaktieren oder uns an die unten angegebene Adresse schreiben.
Informationen zu unserer Handhabung von Anfragen im Rahmen des California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) finden Sie
hier
. Informationen zur Handhabung von „Consumer Health Data“ und zu zugehörigen Anfragen, wie sie im „My Health My Data Act“ des US-Bundesstaates Washington und in anderen, ähnlichen Gesetzen von US-Bundesstaaten definiert sind, finden Sie
hier
.
Wenn Sie in den USA oder einem anderen Land außerhalb der Europäischen Union, der EFTA-Staaten oder des Vereinigten Königreichs leben, ist der für Ihre personenbezogenen Daten Verantwortliche X Corp. unter folgender Adresse:
X Corp.
Attn: Privacy Policy Inquiry
865 FM 1209, Building 2
Bastrop, TX 78602
Wenn Sie in der Europäischen Union, den EFTA-Staaten oder dem Vereinigten Königreich leben, ist der Datenverantwortliche, der für Ihre personenbezogenen Daten verantwortlich ist, Twitter International Unlimited Company mit der folgenden Adresse:
Twitter International Unlimited Company
Attn: Data Protection Officer
One Cumberland Place, Fenian Street
Dublin 2, D02 AX07 IRLAND
Wenn Sie in der Schweiz wohnen, können Sie unseren Vertreter auch unter der folgenden Adresse kontaktieren:
Twitter Switzerland GmbH
Attn: Data Protection Officer
c/o Wasag Treuhand AG
Bolligenstrasse 18
Bern, 3006, SWITZERLAND
Wenn Sie Bedenken bezüglich unserer
Datenverarbeitungspraktiken
äußern möchten, haben Sie das Recht, sich über die auf ihrer Website aufgelisteten
Kontaktdaten
an Ihre örtliche Aufsichtsbehörde oder an die federführende Aufsichtsbehörde der Twitter International Unlimited Company, die Irish Data Protection Commission, zu wenden.
Vorherige Erklärungen anzeigen
Übernehmen Sie die Kontrolle über Ihre Privatsphäre
Einstellungen anpassen
Cookies… aber nicht zum Essen...
X und seine Partner möchten dir mit Cookies einen besseren, sichereren und
  schnelleren Service bieten und unser Geschäft unterstützen. Einige Cookies sind erforderlich,
  wenn du unsere Services nutzen möchtest, verbessern unsere Services und sorgen dafür, dass sie korrekt funktionieren.
Mehr über deine Wahlmöglichkeiten erfahren
.
Alle Cookies akzeptieren
Unwesentliche Cookies ablehnen
Sub-policy 10
https://www.consentmanager.de/privacy.php:
Entdecken Sie den neuen
Google Consent Mode v2
!
Jetzt mehr erfahren »
✕
Consent Management Plattform (CMP)
consentmanager
Wie Websites mit unserer Cookie Consent-Lösung TDDDG-, DSGVO-/ePrivacy und CCPA-konform werden können.
Artboard
Einfach zu integrieren
Artboard
TDDDG-, DSGVO- und ePrivacy-konform
Artboard
Google zertifiziertes CMP mit Consent Mode
Artboard
Offizielles IAB TCF v2 CMP mit GPP Unterstützung
Artboard
Empfohlen von Anwälten und Datenschutzexperten
Artboard
Kompatibel mit mehr als 2.500 Tools
Artboard
Vollständig anpassbar an Ihr Design
Artboard
Integrierter Cookie Crawler
Artboard
Anzeige in über 30 Sprachen
Artboard
Jetzt mit Abmahnschutz inklusive!
neu
Jetzt kostenlos testen
Termin vereinbaren
Wir haben bereits mehr als 25.000 Websites bei der Einhaltung der DSGVO, TDDDG & ePrivacy geholfen
Zu unseren Kunden gehören einige der größten Webseiten und bekanntesten Marken weltweit.
… und viele mehr.
Von Anwälten und Datenschutzbeauftragten empfohlen
Ein CMP für Alle
consentmanager ist die perfekte Lösung für …
consentmanager ist eine vielseitige Lösung mit zahlreichen Features. Finden Sie hier heraus, was consentmanager Ihnen anbieten kann:
Für Publisher und Verlage
Für Onlineshops
Für Agenturen
Für Datenschutz-Beauftragte
Für Internationale Unternehmen
Gehen Sie mit consentmanager auf Nummer «rechtssicher»
Termin vereinbaren
Jetzt kostenlos testen
Warum wir besser sind als andere Tools …
Kunden die den consentmanager.de CMP verwenden erreichen deutlich höhere Akzeptanz-Raten und niedrigere Bounce-Raten (Besucher welche die Seite wieder verlassen) als mit anderen Tools.
Höhere Akzeptanz-Rate & Niedrigere Bounce-Rate
Kunden die den consentmanager.de CMP verwenden, erreichen deutlich höhere Akzeptanz-Raten und niedrigere Bounce-Raten, d.h. mit unserer Lösung verlieren Sie weniger Nutzer als mit herkömmlichen Lösungen.
Das ist wirklich wichtig für Sie:
Nur mit einer hohen Akzeptanz-Rate können Sie das volle Potential Ihrer Webseite erreichen (z.B. mehr und teurere Online-Werbung verkaufen). Und nur wenn die Bounce-Rate niedrig ist können Sie Ihre Besucher bestmöglich bedienen.
Icon For Diagnostics
Messung der Akzeptanz-Rate und Bounce-Rate
consentmanager.de ist die einzige Lösung die Ihnen den vollen Überblick darüber bietet was auf Ihrer Webseite passiert und wie Ihre Besucher auf den Consent Layer reagieren und mit diesem interagieren.
Icon For Github
A/B-Tests
Integrierte A/B-Tests und automatische Optimierung helfen dabei das beste Design für Ihre Besucher anzuzeigen.
Artboard
DSGVO-Konformität
consentmanager beachtet jederzeit die aktuelle Cookie Richtlinie der DSGVO. Sie erhalten automatisch Rechtssicherheit, auch bei Änderungen im Datenschutzgesetz. Mit diesem Rundum-Sorglos-Paket haben Sie den Kopf für Ihr Business frei. Der Cookie-Checker scannt Ihre Website und listet alle Anbieter vollständig auf. Hat ein Kunde seine Zustimmung für einen Cookie verweigert, blockiert der Crawler automatisch die Datenweitergabe.
Icon For Swiss-knife
Kompatibilität
Ein Webseiten-Baukastensystem ist auf Plug-ins und Erweiterungen angewiesen. Ebenso kommen oft über Schnittstellen weitere Systeme hinzu. Dies verlangt nach
weitreichender Kompatibilität und Interoperabilität
. consentmanager ist mitsamt verschiedener Cookie Banner kompatibel mit einer Vielzahl gängiger Tag-Manager, Shopsysteme sowie mit nahezu sämtlichen Google-Produkten und Ad-Servern.
Optimiert für Desktop, Mobil, AMP, inApp Android & iPhone/iOS
Als eine der wenigen Lösungen kann unser CMP in alle Geräte integriert werden und funktioniert mit allen Bildschirmgrößen.
Icon For Binocular
Cookie Crawler
Unser integrierter Cookie-Crawler wird automatisch Ihre Webseite prüfen und alle Cookies finden.
Icon For Server
Sicher in Europa
Alle Daten werden von uns in geschützten Datenbanken und ausschließlich auf Servern in Europa gespeichert.
Icon For Shield-protected
AdBlocking
Unser CMP kann automatisch alle Werbemittel auf Ihrer Webseite blockieren oder verzögern bis der Besucher seine Zustimmung gegeben hat.
Alle CMP-Features im Detail
consentmanager funktioniert natürlich auch mit …
Zahlen Sie nur, was Sie nutzen.
Unser flexibles Preismodell
Das consentmanager CMP ist günstig und mit einem flexiblen Modell erhältlich: Sie zahlen nur für das, was Sie nutzen!
EUR
USD
GBP
PLN
SEK
Free
€
0
Dauerhaft kostenlos für
eine Website
Artboard
5.000 Aufrufe / Monat inkl.
Icon For Shield-check
DSGVO-konform
Artboard
Vorgefertigte Designs
Artboard
1 Crawl / Woche
Artboard
Google Consent Mode v2
Artboard
Support: Ticket
Zus. Aufrufe buchbar
IAB TCF kompatibles CMP
IAB GPP Standard
A/B-Testing & Optimierung
Zus. Benutzerkonten
Whitelabel
Jetzt registrieren
Starter
€
23
Monatlich für
eine Website
Artboard
100.000 Aufrufe / Monat inkl.
Artboard
Zus. Aufrufe:
0.10
€
/ 1000
Icon For Shield-check
DSGVO-konform
Artboard
Individualisierbare Designs
Artboard
3 Crawls / Tag
Artboard
Google Consent Mode v2
Artboard
Datenschutzerklärung-Generator
Artboard
Abmahnschutz
Artboard
Support: Ticket
A/B-Testing & Optimierung
IAB TCF kompatibles CMP
IAB GPP Standard
Zus. Benutzerkonten
Whitelabel
Jetzt registrieren!
Sehr beliebt
Essential
€
59
Monatlich für bis zu
3 Websites oder Apps
Artboard
1 Mio. Aufrufe / Monat inkl.
Artboard
Zus. Aufrufe:
0.05
€
/ 1000
Icon For Shield-check
DSGVO-konform
Icon For Shield-check
IAB TCF kompatibles CMP & IAB GPP
Artboard
Individualisierbare Designs
Artboard
A/B-Testing & Optimierung
Artboard
10 Crawls / Tag
Artboard
Google Consent Mode v2
Artboard
Datenschutzerklärung-Generator
Artboard
Whistleblowing- & Data Subject Rights Tool
Artboard
Abmahnschutz
Artboard
Support: Ticket & E-Mail
Zus. Benutzerkonten
Whitelabel
Jetzt registrieren!
Professional
€
219
Monatlich für bis zu
20 Websites oder Apps
Artboard
10 Mio. Aufrufe / Monat inkl.
Artboard
Zus. Aufrufe:
0.02
€
/ 1000
Icon For Shield-check
DSGVO-konform
Icon For Shield-check
IAB TCF kompatibles CMP & IAB GPP
Artboard
Individualisierbare Designs
Artboard
A/B-Testing & Optimierung
Artboard
100 Crawls / Tag
Artboard
10 zus. Benutzerkonten
Artboard
Google Consent Mode v2
Artboard
Datenschutzerklärung-Generator
Artboard
Whistleblowing- & Data Subject Rights Tool
Artboard
Abmahnschutz
Artboard
Support: Ticket, E-Mail & Telefon
Persönlicher Account-Manager
Whitelabel
Jetzt registrieren!
Ultimate
Auf Anfrage
Monatspreis nach individueller Vereinbarung
Artboard
Beliebige Aufrufe / Monat
Artboard
Zus. Aufrufe:
0.02
€
/ 1000
Icon For Shield-check
DSGVO-konform
Icon For Shield-check
IAB TCF kompatibles CMP & IAB GPP
Artboard
Individualisierbare Designs
Artboard
A/B-Testing & Optimierung
Artboard
Beliebige Crawls / Tag
Artboard
Beliebig zus. Benutzerkonten
Artboard
Google Consent Mode v2
Artboard
Datenschutzerklärung-Generator
Artboard
Whistleblowing- & Data Subject Rights Tool
Artboard
Abmahnschutz
Artboard
Support: Ticket, E-Mail & Telefon
Artboard
Persönlicher Account-Manager
Artboard
Whitelabel
Jetzt registrieren!
Consent Management
Wie funktioniert unser Consent Management?
Unsere CMP Lösung ist sehr einfach zu integrieren: Loggen Sie sich einfach in Ihren consentmanager.de Zugang ein, stellen Sie Ihre Webseite(n) ein, erstellen Sie den Code und fügen Sie ihn in Ihre Webseite ein. Unsere Plattform wird automatisch damit beginnen die Zustimmung von Ihren Besuchern einzuholen. Ferner können Advertiser und andere Partner sofort direkt mit dem CMP via vom IAB standardisierter API kommunizieren und abfragen ob Zustimmung zu den Werbemaßnahmen besteht.
Neu: Unser neuer „Consent Optimizer“ ermittelt automatisch welches der zahlreichen Designvarianten für Ihre Besucher am besten funktioniert. Er zeigt damit automatisch das Design welches Ihre Besucher am besten zur Zustimmung animiert und sorgt somit für hohe Zustimmungsraten!
Reports & Statistiken
Lernen Sie Ihre Besucher kennen
Das consentmananger.de CMP liefert Ihnen jede Menge Auswertungen zu den unterschiedlichsten Facetten Ihrer Besucher. Damit erfahren Sie genau wieviele Website-Aufrufe und damit verwertbare Werbeeinblendungen von Nutzern stammen die eine Zustimmung gegeben haben, und wieviel von ablehnenden Besuchern.
Werten Sie genau aus welches Design am besten funktioniert oder vergleichen Sie Desktop-Besucher mit mobilen Besuchern. Unsere umfangreichen Filter- und Gruppierungsmöglichkeiten erlauben Ihnen dabei nahezu jede Fragestellung in einem Report zu beantworten.
Testen Sie die consentmanager Design Features
Termin vereinbaren
Jetzt kostenlos testen
Ein CMP für alle
Ein CMP – Tausend Möglichkeiten.
Entdecken Sie die vollkommene Design-Flexibilität von constentmanager und bieten Sie Ihr Zustimmungsmanagement in der Sprache Ihrer Nutzer an.
Kinderleichte Internationalisierung
Sprachtalent consentmanager
Unser consentmanager CMP unterstützt über 30 Sprachen – u.a. alle Amtssprachen in denen die DSGVO gültig ist – und darüber hinaus noch viele weitere. Jedem Besucher wird automatisch der für ihn passende Text angezeigt.
Passt perfekt in Ihr Design
Komplett individuelles Design
Unser CMP ist vollständig an Ihre Designwünsche anpassbar. Sei es Schriftstil, Farben, Abstände, Rahmen, Texte oder Ihr Logo – Sie können alles an Ihre Bedürfnisse anpassen.
Rechtskonform auch international
US-Datenschutzgesetze einfach umgesetzt
Keine Angst vor neuen internationalen Datenschutzgesetzen. Unser CMP ist technisch auch auf aktuelle Änderungen bei den Datenschutzregelungen vorbereitet. Der neue Standard IAB GPP (Global Privacy Platform) macht es möglich. Damit wird Ihre Website oder App auch in den US-Bundesstaaten Kalifornien (CCPA/CPRA), Virginia (VCDPA), Colorado (CPA), Utah (UCPA) und Connecticut (CAPDP) rechtskonform.
Testen Sie die consentmanager Design- und International
isierung-Features
Termin vereinbaren
Jetzt kostenlos testen
Häufig gestellte Fragen
Nicht sicher ob Sie ein CMP brauchen?
Um Ihnen mit Dingen wie DSGVO, CMP und Zustimmung zu helfen, haben wir hier die häufigsten Fragen zusammen getragen.
In 2023 treten in fünf US-Bundesstaaten veränderte Datenschutzgesetze in Kraft. Dies betrift folgende Bundesstaaten:
CCPA/CPRA (Kalifornien)
VCDPA (Virginia)
CPA (Colorado)
UCPA (Utah)
CAPDP (Connecticut) sowie die
US National Privacy
Sollte Ihr Unternehmen in einer dieser Regionen aktiv sein, dann sind Sie mit dem Einsatz des CMP von consentmanager auf der sicheren Seite. Als eine der ersten Consent Management Lösungen haben wir bereits den neuen technischen Standard IAB GPP (Global Privacy Plattform) in unser CMP integriert. GPP ist eine Weiterentwicklung des IAB TCF v2. Der neue Standard unterstützt Sie auf dem Weg zur Konformität bei den geänderten US-Datenschutzgesetzen.
Ein CMP steht kurz für Consent Management Provider oder das Synonym Consent Management Plattform. In einigen Fällen wird auch Choice Management Plattform oder Choice Management Provider verwendet. In allen Fällen handelt es sich um das gleiche: Es ist eine Software oder ein Service der dem Webseitenbesucher Transparenz über die Datenverarbeitung bietet und die Möglichkeit bietet für bestimmte Zwecke wie Cookies, Marketing, Analyse oder Personalisierung die Zustimmung abzugeben.
Sobald 5.000 PageViews in einem Monat erreicht sind, wird das CMP automatisch mit der Auslieferung des Zustimmungs-Layers aufhören und Ihre Besucher werden nicht weiter in der Lage sein die Zustimmung zu geben. Wir werden Sie NICHT automatisch abrechnen oder auf ein höheres Paket upgraden – das Free Package wird immer kostenlos sein.
Unser Free Package ist kostenlos mit bis zu 5000 PageViews pro Monat. Unser Essential Package beginnt bei 59 EUR pro Monat und beinhaltet 1 Mio. PageViews. Ab 10 Mio PageViews berechnen wir 0,02 EUR pro 1000 weitere PageViews.
Ja. Unsere Consent Lösung kann in alle CMS (Conten Management Systems) und Shop-Systeme integriert werden. Unterstützte CMS und Shopping Systeme sind unter anderem WordPress, Joomla, Typo3, Dupal, eZ Publish, Magento, phpWiki, PrestaShop, osCommerce, OXID eShop, WooCommerece und viele mehr.
Ja. Unsere DSGVO-Lösung sendet JavaScript Variablen und sogenannte data layer die mit der meisten Tag Management software verwendet werden können. Für viele Tag Manager haben wir zudem spezielle data layer und Strukturen die das Zusammenspiel noch einfacher machen. Unterstützte Tag manager und Analytics software ist unter anderem AT Tasty, Adbobe Anyltics, Adometry, Chartbeat, CXsense, Google Analytics, Eulerian, Hitjar, Hubspot, Salesforce, LinkedIn, Mouseflow, Nielsen, Parse.ly oder Webtrekk.
Ja. Unsere Consent Lösung folgt der IAB TCF Spezifikation und ist vom IAB zertifiziert. Das erlaubt Anbietern automatisch die Zustimmungsinformationen von unserer API zu erhalten und diese entsprechend zu verwenden. Wir bieten fernern einen automatischen Blockiermechanismus um Codes zu blockieren solange keine Zustimmung vom Nutzer gegeben wurde. Das funktioniert mit vielen Anbietern, etwa Google Analytics, Piwik, DFP/Google Ads or SSPs like Google Adsense, Pubmatic, Rubicon, OpenX oder Appnexus.
Nein! Im einfachsten Fall integrieren Sie einfach unseren Code auf Ihrer Website – das ist alles!
Indem Sie ein CMP auf Ihrer Webseite integrieren 😉 Unser CMP wird Ihren Besuchern eine Nachricht anzeigen und sie dazu auffordern ihre Zustimmung zu geben. Wir werden die Entscheidung des Besuchers abspeichern und sie Ihren Advertisern und ihren weiteren Partnern zugänglich machen, damit diese wissen ob/wie sie personenbezogene Daten verarbeiten dürfen.
Die meisten Webseiten und Apps arbeiten mit Anwendungen, die unter den Geltungsbereich des California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) fallen. Dazu gehören bereits die Dienste aus dem Hause Google. Eine Berücksichtigung entsprechender gesetzlicher Auflagen ist demnach in der Borlabs Alternative von consentmanager unabdingbar.
Stimmt ein Besucher der Cookieerhebung und -Nutzung nicht zu, so können keine entsprechenden Cookies erhoben oder Daten angelegt werden. Dies betrifft speziell Tracking-Daten, die über das Nutzerverhalten informieren. Solche Daten bieten gerade geschäftlichen Seitenbetreibern wesentliche Anhaltspunkte für die Optimierung der Webseite. Daher profitieren Sie von der rechtssicheren Einwilligung via consentmanager.
Cookie-Consent ist grundsätzlich erforderlich, sobald auf einer Seite technisch nicht essenzielle Cookies verwendet werden sollen. Dies beginnt bereits bei der Nutzung einfacher Tracking- und Analyse-Tools. Diese arbeiten immer mit Tracking-Cookies. Sie sind für geschäftliche Webseiten und Shops sehr wichtig, da sie Rückschluss über das Nutzerverhalten geben. Mit dem Cookie-Banner des consentmanagers bekommen Nutzer die Möglichkeit der rechtssicheren Einwilligung.
Mit der Borlabs Cookie Alternative von consentmanager haben Sie eine leistungsstarke Lösung, mit dem Sie die Einwilligung Ihrer Nutzer in die Cookie-Nutzung erfragen können. Der Cookie-Hinweis wird beim Besuch der Webseite automatischv ausgespielt. Er erscheint bei jedem Besuch auf Ihrer Seite erneut. Besucher werden über die Nutzung der Cookies aufgeklärt und haben die Möglichkeit, ihnen zuzustimmen oder sie abzulehnen. Damit ist eine DSGVO-konforme Einwilligung via doppeltem Opt-In möglich.
Beim Cookie Consent handelt es sich um die Einwilligung Ihrer Besucher in die Verarbeitung bestimmter Cookies. Diese Einwilligung muss spätestens seit dem EuGH-Urteil zu Cookies ausdrücklich und freiwillig erfolgen. Erst nach erfolgter Einwilligung ist es überhaupt gestattet, den ersten technisch nicht essenziellen Cookie zu setzen. Von dieser Regelung ausgenommen sind die technisch nicht betriebserforderlichen Cookies.
Bitte beachten Sie, dass wir keine Rechtsberatung erbringen können. Einige Punkte dieser FAQ können sich zudem im Laufe der Zeit ändern oder von Gerichten anders interpretiert werden. Deshalb sollten Sie immer Ihren Anwalt zu Rate ziehen!
Sub-policy 11
https://www.mapbox.com/legal/privacy/:
Products
Maps
Navigation
Search
Data
Self-Hosted
Maps Overview
NEW
Smooth, fast, cross-platform maps
Overview →
Mapbox GL JS
NEW
Immersive maps for web
Mobile Maps SDK
NEW
Powerful maps for iOS and Android
Studio
NEW
Beautiful, custom map designs
Static Maps
NEW
Embed map images
Mapbox Tiling Service
NEW
Host and add custom map data
Over 100 global cities with 3D landmarks in Mapbox Standard
Read more
→
Navigation Overview
NEW
Custom navigation services
Overview →
Navigation for Automotive
NEW
In-vehicle infotainment and navigation services
MapGPT
NEW
A location-intelligent AI assistant
Autopilot Map
NEW
Precision data for autopilot systems
Navigation for Mobile
NEW
Routing and directions for iOS & Android
Mapbox for EV
NEW
EV navigation solutions
Matrix API
NEW
Calculate travel time and distance
Mapbox Autopilot Map allows vehicles to drive themselves on more roads
Read more
→
Search Overview
NEW
Smart location data and search features
Overview →
Geocoding
NEW
Geolocate and validate addresses
Search Box
NEW
User-friendly search interface
Address Autofill
NEW
Autocomplete for address forms
Search anywhere, go anywhere: Empowering users with the Mapbox Search SDKs
Read more
→
Data Overview
NEW
Unique, high-value geospatial datasets
Overview →
Traffic Data
NEW
Live and typical traffic conditions
Movement Data
NEW
Population patterns through space and time
Boundaries
NEW
Official boundaries around the world
Enhanced data coverage with Mapbox Movement V4
Read more
→
Atlas
NEW
On-premise or private cloud solutions
New 3D urban environments improve location awareness
Read more →
Solutions
On-Demand Logistics
Boost customer satisfaction and delivery performance
Weather
Deliver accurate, real-time weather information
Real Estate
Visualize property listings, rentals, and market data
Automotive
Integrated navigation experiences for in-vehicle and companion apps
Telecommunications
Map real-time coverage and optimize network operations
Travel
Plan, book, and explore the world all in one place
Outdoors
Detailed maps for athletes and adventures
Business Intelligence
Enhance data analysis with location intelligence
Retail
On-brand store locators and e-commerce solutions
Developers
documentation
Maps
Navigation
Search
Data
See All Docs
→
connect
Developer Discord
Online community to discuss projects and help fellow devs
Stack Overflow
Share and search technical questions and solutions
Github
Submit bugs, share requests, and track releases
Get Support
Self-serve resources, account help, and technical assistance
Developer Network
Contract independent developers
links
Developer Quickstart
Overview of developer resources
Developer Cheat Sheet
Snapshot overview of Mapbox services
Help & Troubleshooting
Find answers and get help
API Playgrounds
Demo spaces to experiment with Mapbox
Developer Tools
Web-based tools to help build with Mapbox
API Status
Real-time data on system performance
Company
Company
Who we are
About our company mission and history
What we value
About what drives us
What we do
About Mapbox technologies and data
Careers
Work at Mapbox
HIRING
Opportunities to join our team
Life at Mapbox
How we support your career
Diversity, Equity & Inclusion
Building a Mapbox for everyone
impact
Sustainability
Environmental and social responsibility
Social Impact
Support for non-profits and positive impact organizations
follow us
LinkedIn
X
Youtube
Instagram
Discord
Github
Blog
Resources
News
Blog
NEW
Stay updated on product launches and new features
Newsroom
The latest Mapbox news and press resources
Events
Connect with Mapbox at virtual and in-person events
Learn
Customer Showcase
NEW
See customer use cases and impact across industries
Webinars
NEW
Live and on-demand videos about building with Mapbox
Videos
NEW
How-to videos, developer spotlights, event recordings, and more
Get Help
Support
NEW
Flexible options for fast and expert help
Education
NEW
Resources for students and instructors
Security
NEW
Protect the security of your account, data, and users.
featured showcase
Indoor map innovation powered by Mapbox 3D visualizations...
Read more
→
Pricing
English
日本語
Contact Us
Contact us
Log in
Sign up
Sign in
Sign up
Contact us
Go to account
English
日本語
Go to account
Contact Sales
Log in
Sign up free
Products
Maps
Navigation
Data
Self-Hosted
Search
Back
Maps Overview
NEW
Smooth, fast, cross-platform maps
Mapbox GL JS
Immersive maps for web
Mobile Maps SDK
Powerful maps for iOS and Android
Studio
Beautiful, custom map designs
Mapbox Tiling Service
Host and add custom map data
Static Maps
Embed map images
Back
Navigation Overview
NEW
Custom navigation services
Navigation for Automotive
NEW
In-vehicle infotainment and navigation services
Navigation for Mobile
NEW
Routing and directions for iOS & Android
MapGPT
NEW
A location-intelligent AI assistant
Autopilot Map
NEW
Precision data for autopilot systems
Mapbox for EV
NEW
EV navigation solutions
Matrix API
NEW
Calculate travel time and distance
Back
Search Overview
NEW
Smart location data and search features
Geocoding
NEW
Geolocate and validate addresses
Search Box
NEW
User-friendly search interface
Address Autofill
NEW
Autocomplete for address forms
Back
Data Overview
NEW
Unique, high-value geospatial datasets
Traffic Data
NEW
Live and typical traffic conditions
Movement Data
NEW
Population patterns through space and time
Boundaries
NEW
Official boundaries around the world
Back
Atlas
NEW
On-premise or private cloud solutions
Solutions
On-Demand Logistics
Boost customer satisfaction and delivery performance
Automotive
Integrated navigation experiences for in-vehicle and companion apps
Business Intelligence
Enhance data analysis with location intelligence
Weather
Deliver accurate, real-time weather information
Telecommunications
Map real-time coverage and optimize network operations
Outdoors
Detailed maps for athletes and adventures
Retail
On-brand store locators and e-commerce solutions
Real Estate
Visualize property listings, rentals, and market data
Travel
Plan, book, and explore the world all in one place
Developers
documentation
Maps
Navigation
Search
Data
See All Docs →
connect
Developer Discord
Stack Overflow
Github
Get Support
Developer Network
links
Developer Quickstart
Developer Cheat Sheet
Help & Troubleshooting
API Playgrounds
Developer Tools
API Status
Company
company
Who we are
What we value
What we do
Careers
Work at Mapbox
HIRING
Life at Mapbox
Diversity, Equity & Inclusion
impact
Sustainability
Social Impact
follow us
LinkedIn
X
Youtube
Discord
Instagram
TikTok
Github
Blog
Resources
News
Blog
Newsroom
NEW
Events
NEW
learn
Customer Showcase
Webinars
Videos
get help
Support
Education
Security
featured showcase
Indoor map innovation powered by Mapbox 3D visualizations...
Read more →
Pricing
Sign up
Log in
Go to account
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Overview
Master Services Agreement
Government Terms
Product Terms
Privacy Policy
Overview
Product Privacy Policy
DPA
Sub-processors
Cookies
Privacy & Security FAQ
Data Subject Request
Communication Preferences
Support Services
Overview
SLA
Terms of Service
Master Services Agreement
Product Terms
Government Terms
Marketplace Terms
Japan Legal Terms
Privacy Policy
Product Privacy Policy
DPA
Sub-processors
Cookies
Privacy & Security FAQ
Data Subject Request
Communication Preferences
Support Service Agreement
SLA
Responsible Procurement Policy
‍
Mapbox Privacy Policies
‍
Privacy Policy
‍
Product Privacy Policy
‍
California Notices At Collection
‍
Privacy Policy "California Notice At Collection"
Product Privacy Policy "California Notice At Collection"
‍
*For all customers in Japan, please visit Mapbox's
Japan Privacy Policy
ジャパンプライバシーポリシー.
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy describes the personal data Mapbox and/or its affiliates (hereinafter collectively referred to as “Mapbox”) may receive and why such personal data may be received in its capacity as a data controller, how such personal data may be used (including whom it may be shared with and for what purposes), and choices about such personal data.
This privacy policy applies to the extent Mapbox processes personal data in its capacity as a data controller under the GDPR (or “business” under the CCPA) when an individual: (a) visits and engages with any of Mapbox’s websites, (b) attends a virtual or in-person Mapbox event, (c) provides contact information for the purposes of Mapbox contacting about Mapbox products/services, (d) uses third-party websites or applications that cite this privacy policy, (e) provide billing information for Mapbox products/services account administration, or (f) apply to or are contacted about possible employment with Mapbox. Personal data is any information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household, as defined in the California Consumer Privacy Act, Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.100 et seq. and its implementing regulations (“CCPA”), or relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (hereinafter referred to as "personal data").
This Privacy Policy does not apply when Mapbox acts as a data processor.  Most Mapbox customer personal data is not governed by this policy. Mapbox operates in the capacity of a data processor for certain personal data when operating Mapbox’s  products/services that are purchased by developers and businesses to develop their own licensed applications. As such, customers/prospective customers should read Mapbox’s data processing addendum (“DPA”):
https://www.mapbox.com/legal/dpa
which governs certain customer personal data that may be processed through use of Mapbox products/services including creation of a Mapbox products/services account. For other data not Processed by Mapbox as a Processor, e.g. billing and usage statistics data, see
Mapbox's Product Privacy Policy
.
Corporate Accounts: If any account created with Mapbox lists a corporate email address for a company with which an individual is currently (or was formerly) employed (a “Corporate Email”), then the corporate entity to whom the Corporate Email pertains is responsible for privacy practices relating to use of Corporate Email. If Corporate Email is used within the scope of this privacy policy (as described at the top of this privacy policy), then this privacy policy applies.  For clarification, commonly known personal email account services (e.g., Gmail, Yahoo, Outlook) are not Corporate Email.
Personal Data Mapbox May Receive
‍
Identifiers: Such as, name, address, email, phone number, Mapbox account username.
Commercial information: Such as, transaction data including billing contact’s name, work phone number, work email, work address, professional title, and company name.
Financial data: Such as, credit card data is
not
processed by Mapbox. Instead, credit card data is processed by Stripe, a third-party PCI-certified payment service provider, in accordance with its
Privacy Policy
.
Internet or other network or device activity: When visiting any Mapbox websites, Mapbox automatically receives certain information such as: (a) browser and device type, (b) operating system, and (c) referring web pages including the pages visited on such sites. And information such as, IP address, data collected via strictly necessary and accepted website cookies / similar technologies. For information about cookies on Mapbox’s website, settings, and how to change browser cookie settings, please visit Mapbox’s website
here
.
Employment data: Such as, education and employment history and other relevant personal data provided in an employment application submitted to Mapbox, information from a background check including information provided from reference checks.
Location information: Such as, the location of an event where an individual signed up to receive communication or interact with Mapbox.
User-generated content: Such as, a public comment provided by an individual in a Mapbox hosted webinar, Mapbox blog, or like Mapbox forum. For avoidance of doubt, an individual’s Mapbox product/service feedback does not constitute user-generated content.
Inference data about an individual: Such as, services Mapbox thinks an individual may be interested in based on prior purchases or website browsing, subject to the
Mapbox cookie policy
.
Other information that identifies or can be reasonably associated with an individual: Such as, contents of correspondence with: 1) a Mapbox service provider in order to bill for items that may have been shipped upon an individual’s request as a result of the individual’s engagement with a Mapbox marketing campaign in person or virtually. 2) Mapbox, whether received through a form submitted on its website, conversation (in person, virtual, or phone call) with its staff, or via an email sent to an [at]mapbox email account. 3) And such as, personal data from entities who provide personal data about individuals, their job functions, and the companies they work for. Such entities attests to Mapbox that they have obtained all necessary consents and have lawful grounds to share such personal data with Mapbox.
How Mapbox Uses Personal Data
Mapbox uses personal data to:
Provide, test, maintain/support, secure and improve Mapbox’s websites, to prevent fraud, misuse and cyberattacks, to calculate de-identified aggregate statistics, and for account administration/ billing purposes.
Send marketing information, product recommendations and other non-transactional communications (e.g., marketing newsletters, telemarketing calls, SMS or push notifications, information about Mapbox products, news or events) about Mapbox, its affiliates and partners.
Plan or host virtual or in person events, contests, or other programs.
Create and manage the recruitment system, job applications and a database of interested individuals and leads (including verifying the information provided to Mapbox) and assess and evaluate applicants skills and qualifications against the position(s) applied for.
Cooperate with public and government authorities, courts or regulators in accordance with Mapbox’s legal obligations.
Comply with applicable law.
‍
To Whom Mapbox May Disclose Personal Data
Mapbox may disclose personal data to:
Mapbox service providers who need to access such personal data in order to provide any of the services, or related services to those, outlined in Section 2 of this privacy policy. However, prior to sharing personal data with such parties, Mapbox will have a written agreement consistent with the obligations outlined in applicable data protection laws and regulations.
Advertising and analytics partners. Any secondary use or sharing of personal data obtained through the use of third party cookies by these third parties is subject to their respective privacy policies. For information about cookies on Mapbox’s website and how to change browser cookie settings, please visit Mapbox’s website
here
.
In response to a request so long as Mapbox believes disclosure is in accordance with, or required by, any applicable law, regulation or legal process.
If Mapbox has a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation, or disclosure of the personal data is reasonably necessary to enforce its terms of service, detect, prevent, or otherwise address threats to its platform, or protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Mapbox, its users, or the public as required or permitted by law.
In connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of Mapbox’s business by another company.
‍
International Transfers
Personal data may be processed by one or more Mapbox affiliates, processors, or service providers in order to operate Mapbox’s business – for example, in the United States for account administration and billing. Therefore, personal data may be processed outside of the location from which it was received. Mapbox ensures that the transfer of personal data offers an adequate level of protection and security, for instance by entering into the appropriate agreements that continuously ensure the same level of protective measures as set forth in applicable data protection laws and regulations and certification certification under the EU-US Data Privacy Framework, UK Extension to the EU-US Data Privacy Framework, and the Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework (collectively, the “Data Privacy Framework” or “DPF”), and, if required, standard contractual clauses or alternative mechanism for the transfer of data as approved by the European Commission (Art. 46 GDPR) or other applicable regulators or legislators.
Mapbox’s Notice of Certification under the DPF, is available here:
https://www.mapbox.com/legal/notice-of-certification
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION FOR INDIVIDUALS OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES
4.1 Legal bases for processing personal data:
Some countries require that companies only process personal data if they have a “legal basis” (or justifiable need) to process personal data. To the extent those laws apply, Mapbox’s legal bases to process personal data are as follows:
To comply with a legal obligation to which Mapbox, as a controller, is subject.
To protect the vital interests of an individual or of another natural person.
For the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by Mapbox as the controller or by an independent third party controller, except where the individual’s interests or fundamental rights and freedoms override such interests.
Performance of the contract.
Consent.
In all cases of data processing on the basis of legitimate interests, Mapbox considers the impact on the rights and freedoms of the individuals whose data may be part of the processing, and ensures that its processing activities do not contradict or place at unreasonable risk any such rights or freedoms. Mapbox has assessed that these legitimate interests are not overridden by the data protection interests or fundamental rights of any individuals. In all cases, Mapbox ensures that such processing is legal, fair, and reasonable.
Retention
Mapbox stores personal data for so long as it is needed to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected, as described in Section 2 of this privacy policy.
Security
Mapbox takes steps designed to secure personal data in accordance with this privacy policy.  Unfortunately, no system is 100% secure, and Mapbox cannot ensure or warrant the security of any personal data it receives.  To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, Mapbox does not accept liability for unintentional or accidental destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access.
‍
Children
Mapbox products/services, websites, events, and other communications are not intended or directed to children under the age of 18 (or other age of majority as required by local law), and Mapbox does not knowingly collect personal data from children. If the parent or legal guardian learns that their child has provided Mapbox with personal data without their consent, then they should contact Mapbox as set forth below in the Contact Mapbox section of this privacy policy. If Mapbox learns that it has collected personal data in violation of applicable law, it will promptly take steps to delete such personal data.
Choices About Personal Data
An individual may opt-out of processing of their personal data within the scope of this privacy policy at any time and prevent further Mapbox processing by contacting Mapbox as described below.
Email and Telephone Communications:
Click the unsubscribe link found at the bottom of the email received from Mapbox to opt out of receiving future commercial emails. Note that for current customers, Mapbox will continue to send non-promotional communications which may not be opted out of (e.g., communications regarding products/services or updates to Mapbox Terms or this privacy policy). Mapbox processes requests to be placed on do-not-mail, do-not-phone, and do-not-contact lists as required by applicable law.
Website logs and cookies:
Devices have settings to delete stored cookies and most browsers have the option to decline cookies. However, certain parts of Mapbox’s website (including pages that require login) will not be accessible if Mapbox cookies (first party cookies) are not accepted. In contrast, third-party cookies set by third parties for marketing and analytics purposes on Mapbox’s website can be disabled, in principle, without affecting access. For information about cookies on Mapbox’s website and how to change browser cookie settings, please visit the Mapbox website
here
.
In accordance with applicable law, the individual to whom the personal data pertains may have the following rights regarding their personal data:
Access/view personal data
Portability of personal data in a commonly machine readable format
Correct personal data where it is inaccurate or incomplete
Deletion of personal data
Restrict or object to processing of personal data
Opt-out of the sale of personal data, if applicable, where such requests are permitted by law and as defined in the CCPA.
To exercise your right to deletion of personal data, please complete the form
here
. For any other rights, please contact Mapbox at
privacy@mapbox.com
. In your email include  name, and request or question. To protect privacy, Mapbox will take steps to verify the identity of the requestor before fulfilling the request. Mapbox will process such requests in accordance with applicable laws. Although we encourage you to contact us if you have questions or complaints, you also have the right to lodge a complaint in the EU and UK with the appropriate supervisory authority in your jurisdiction. In some cases, these rights may be subject to exceptions, as permitted by applicable law.
Additional Information For California Residents
9.1 California Notice At Collection:
Personal Data Mapbox May Receive
‍
Identifiers: Such as, name, address, email, phone number, Mapbox account username.
Commercial information: Such as, transaction data including billing contact’s name, work phone number, work email, work address, professional title, and company name.
Financial data: Such as, credit card data is
not
processed by Mapbox. Instead, credit card data is processed by Stripe, a third-party PCI-certified payment service provider, in accordance with its
Privacy Policy
.
Internet or other network or device activity: When visiting any Mapbox websites, Mapbox automatically receives certain information such as: (a) browser and device type, (b) operating system, and (c) referring web pages including the pages visited on such sites. And information such as, IP address, data collected via strictly necessary and accepted website cookies / similar technologies. For information about cookies on Mapbox’s website, settings, and how to change browser cookie settings, please visit Mapbox’s website
here
.
Employment data: Such as, education and employment history and other relevant personal data provided in an employment application submitted to Mapbox, information from a background check including information provided from reference checks.
Location information: Such as, the location of an event where an individual signed up to receive communication or interact with Mapbox.
User-generated content: Such as, a public comment provided by an individual in a Mapbox hosted webinar, Mapbox blog, or like Mapbox forum. For avoidance of doubt, an individual’s Mapbox product/service feedback does not constitute user-generated content.
Inference data about an individual: Such as, services Mapbox thinks an individual may be interested in based on prior purchases or website browsing, subject to the
Mapbox cookie policy
.
Other information that identifies or can be reasonably associated with an individual: Such as, contents of correspondence with: 1) a Mapbox service provider in order to bill for items that may have been shipped upon an individual’s request as a result of the individual’s engagement with a Mapbox marketing campaign in person or virtually. 2) Mapbox, whether received through a form submitted on its website, conversation (in person, virtual, or phone call) with its staff, or via an email sent to an [at]mapbox email account. 3) And such as, personal data from entities who provide personal data about individuals, their job functions, and the companies they work for. Such entities attests to Mapbox that they have obtained all necessary consents and have lawful grounds to share such personal data with Mapbox.
How Mapbox Uses Personal Data
Provide, test, maintain/support, secure and improve Mapbox’s websites, to prevent fraud, misuse and cyberattacks, to calculate de-identified aggregate statistics, and for account administration/ billing purposes.
Send marketing information, product recommendations and other non-transactional communications (e.g., marketing newsletters, telemarketing calls, SMS or push notifications, information about Mapbox products, news or events) about Mapbox, its affiliates and partners.
Plan or host virtual or in person events, contests, or other programs.
Create and manage the recruitment system, job applications and a database of interested individuals and leads (including verifying the information provided to Mapbox) and assess and evaluate applicants skills and qualifications against the position(s) applied for.
Cooperate with public and government authorities, courts or regulators in accordance with Mapbox’s legal obligations.
Comply with applicable law.
To Whom Mapbox May Disclose Personal Data
Mapbox service providers who need to access such personal data in order to provide any of the services, or related services to those, outlined in Section 2 of this privacy policy. However, prior to sharing personal data with such parties, Mapbox will have a written agreement consistent with the obligations outlined in applicable data protection laws and regulations.
Advertising and analytics partners. Any secondary use or sharing of personal data obtained through the use of third party cookies by these third parties is subject to their respective privacy policies. For information about cookies on Mapbox’s website and how to change browser cookie settings, please visit Mapbox’s website
here
.
In response to a request so long as Mapbox believes disclosure is in accordance with, or required by, any applicable law, regulation or legal process.
If Mapbox has a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation, or disclosure of the personal data is reasonably necessary to enforce its terms of service, detect, prevent, or otherwise address threats to its platform, or protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Mapbox, its users, or the public as required or permitted by law.
In connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of Mapbox’s business by another company.
Data Retention
Only for so long as Mapbox has a business purpose to retain and process such personal data.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
Mapbox will update this privacy policy at its own discretion from time to time to reflect changes in Mapbox’s practices, technologies, legal requirements, and other factors.
‍
Contact Mapbox
Mapbox would love to hear any questions, concerns, or feedback about this privacy policy or Mapbox’s data protection practices. Please contact Mapbox at privacy@mapbox.com.
Mapbox Product Privacy Policy
See Section 9 below for "California Notice At Collection"
Mapbox provides a location data platform that powers map and location services in a wide variety of web, mobile, game and embedded device applications. Mapbox customers are developers/companies who embed Mapbox software development kits (SDKs) or integrate with Mapbox application program interfaces (APIs) (collectively, “
Mapbox materials
”) in their licensed applications to enable maps and location features.
This product privacy policy
applies when Mapbox is processing personal data (sometimes referred to as personal information), from an end user of a licensed application (provided by Mapbox or one of its customers) that contains Mapbox materials, in its capacity (where legally applicable) as an independent data controller. For example, when Mapbox determines the purpose and means of processing such as making decisions about how to process personal data that benefits Mapbox customers generally, not just a single customer, Mapbox is processing as an independent data controller. In all cases, Mapbox’s processing of personal data continues to be controlled by its contracts with Mapbox customers, this product privacy policy and applicable data protection laws and regulations.
Personal data is any information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, or relating to an identified or identifiable natural person, or data defined as personal information or personal data under applicable data protection laws and regulations (in this policy, referred to as "
personal data
”).
Additional Privacy Policy:
Mapbox also processes as a data controller when individuals use any Mapbox website or engage with Mapbox marketing programs, including attending live or virtual events or applying for a job with Mapbox. Please see the applicable Mapbox privacy policy, available
here.
Personal Data Mapbox May Receive
Mapbox applies the principle of data minimization to its product development and operations in an effort to collect the least amount of personal data from the outset. The limited personal dataset that Mapbox may receive, outlined below, describes personal data categories and associated example data elements.  Please note, many data elements are only classified as personal data when combined with an associated IP address, other persistent identifier or data element capable of identifying or being reasonably linked to a natural person.
Data Category
Examples
Identifiers
Such as randomly generated billing ID, session ID & feedback ID (if given), and IP
address (to provide the service, for billing/security purposes and deleted after 30 days).
Commercial Information
Such as user agent, which may include an application ID (determined by the Mapbox customer
to identify its application), Mapbox customer’s account ID (so that Mapbox knows which company to bill)
and Mapbox product name(s) and version(s).
Internet or other
electronic network activity
Such as timestamp accompanying received data elements, and an end user’s abandonment of a
given navigation route/use of an alternate navigation route.
Geolocation Data
- Such as latitude and longitude, altitude, horizontal and vertical accuracy
(the session ID association is broken within 24 hours.)
- Applies only to Navigation SDK: If Mapbox Copilot is enabled, Mapbox receives detailed full trip trace files and search
results of navigation sessions. Mapbox Copilot is disabled by default and may only be enabled by Mapbox Navigation
customers (not end users) in their licensed applications.
- At any time, end users may change their location permissions for a given licensed application through their mobile
device and choose to disable access to location data. Such change may affect the designed functionality of the licensed application.
‍
Dash branded products and services
: In addition to the above categories of personal data, Mapbox may also collect the following categories of personal data (specific to its Dash branded products and services).
Data Category
Examples
Identifiers
The end users’ requests are associated with a randomly generated identifier in order for Dash
branded products and services to create a short-term and temporary profile required for
contextual conversations such as “hey Dash, remember the cafe you gave me directions to
yesterday? …”
Inferences
Inferences based on microphone (including voice inputs) and location data. For example,
if the end user asks about cafe’s, Dash branded products and services will infer that the
end user would like to know about cafe’s close to their location.
Conversation Data
Microphone data (including voice inputs).
Do not include sensitive information  to Dash branded products and services such as social
security number, bank account or other financial details, or special categories of Personal
Data such as, racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical
beliefs, trade-union membership, genetic or biometric data, health and/or sex life.
‍
How Mapbox Uses Personal Data
Mapbox does not process personal data for the purposes of identifying an individual or creating or maintaining records about an individual. Instead, Mapbox processes personal data to:
Provide, test, maintain, secure and improve Mapbox products and services,
Provide customer requested support, including applying knowledge gained from individual customer support requests to benefit all Mapbox customers, to the extent such knowledge is de-identified,
Prevent fraud, misuse and cyberattacks,
Administer/bill customers (not end users),
Calculate de-identified aggregate statistics,
Train artificial intelligence models (to the extent personal data is first de-identified), which is a set of technologies and processes that allow computers to learn, reason, and assist in decision making; such models are used to improve Mapbox products and services,
Anonymize such data so it is no longer considered personal data,
Cooperate with public and government authorities, courts or regulators in accordance with Mapbox’s legal obligations, and
Comply with applicable law.
Mapbox processes de-identified data only in a de-identified form and does not permit attempts to re-identify such data or associate with a natural person.
Dash branded products and services
: In addition to the above uses of personal data, Mapbox may also use personal data in the following ways (specific to its Dash branded products and services).
Mapbox uses personal data for purposes that are compatible with those stated above such as providing and supporting the service. For Dash branded products and services, machine learning to develop and improve and fine tune Mapbox’s models is one of those purposes.
Third party independent controller vendors will process the data you provide to Dash branded products and services for their own purposes. For more information visit their respective privacy policies (linked in Section 3). Mapbox has no control over third party independent controllers’ use of the data that the end user provides to Dash branded products and services.
‍
To Whom Mapbox May Disclose Personal Data
Mapbox may disclose personal data to:
Mapbox service providers who need to access such personal data in order to process in accordance  with Section 2 above.
In response to a request, so long as Mapbox believes disclosure is required by any applicable law, regulation or legal process.
If Mapbox has a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation, or disclosure of the personal data is reasonably necessary to enforce its terms of service, detect, prevent, or otherwise address threats to its platform, or protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Mapbox, its customers or their end users, or the public as required or permitted by law.
In connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition or due diligence related thereto of all or a portion of Mapbox’s business by another company.
Dash branded products and services: In addition to the above parties that Mapbox may disclose personal data to, Mapbox may also disclose personal data to the following third party independent controllers (specific to its Dash branded products and services).
Certain functionality to instruct Dash branded products and services to process a question such as when the end user says “hey Dash” or touches the Dash branded products and services icon or starts typing a command. PicoVoice’s processing is subject to its published privacy practices available here: https://picovoice.ai/docs/privacy-policy/  (or successor link). Mapbox has no control over third party independent controllers’ processing of the data that the end user provides to Dash branded products and services.
On-device speech-to-text (“STT”) vendor (which Mapbox has no control over and is selected by the end user based on their device) will transpose audio speech spoken to Dash branded products and services to a string of text and send it to Mapbox servers to answer the end users question. The on-device STT processing is subject to its respective published privacy practices, which you should review. Mapbox has no control over third party independent controllers’ use of the data that the end user provides to Dash branded products and services.
Large language model providers (“LLMs”), such as OpenAI review the end users voice input text and formulate a response to the end user. OpenAI’s processing is subject to its published privacy practices available here: https://openai.com/policies/privacy-policy (or successor link). Mapbox has no control over third party independent controllers’ processing of the data that the end user provides to Mapbox has no control over third party independent controllers’ processing of the data that the end user provides to Dash branded products and services.
Text-to-speech (“TTS”) vendors, such as Eleven labs transform the Mapbox appended LLM response to an audio MP3 file that is spoken (in audio form) to the requestor via Dash branded products and services. ElevenLabs processing is subject to its published privacy practices available here: https://elevenlabs.io/privacy (or successor link). Mapbox has no control over third party independent controllers’ use of the data that the end user provides to Dash branded products and services.
‍
International Transfers
Personal data may be processed by one or more Mapbox affiliates, processors, or service providers in order to operate Mapbox’s business – for example, in the United States for account administration and billing. Therefore, personal data may be processed outside of the location from which it was received. Mapbox ensures that the transfer of personal data offers an adequate level of protection and security, for instance by entering into the appropriate agreements that continuously ensure the same level of protective measures as set forth in applicable data protection laws and regulations and certification certification under the EU-US, UK-US, Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework ("DPF"), and, if required, standard contractual clauses or alternative mechanism for the transfer of data as approved by the European Commission (Art. 46 GDPR) or other applicable regulators or legislators.
Mapbox’s Notice of Certification under the DPF, is available here:
https://www.mapbox.com/legal/notice-of-certification
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION FOR INDIVIDUALS OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES
4.1 Legal bases for processing personal data:
Some countries require that companies only process personal data if they have a “legal basis” (or justifiable need) to process personal data. To the extent those laws apply, Mapbox’s legal bases to process personal data are as follows:
To comply with a legal obligation to which Mapbox, as a controller, is subject.
To protect the vital interests of an individual or of another natural person.
For the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by Mapbox as the controller or by an independent third party controller, except where the individual’s interests or fundamental rights and freedoms override such interests.
Performance of the contract.
Consent.
In all cases of data processing on the basis of legitimate interests, Mapbox considers the impact on the rights and freedoms of the individuals whose data may be part of the processing, and ensures that its processing activities do not contradict or place at unreasonable risk any such rights or freedoms. Mapbox has assessed that these legitimate interests are not overridden by the data protection interests or fundamental rights of any individuals. In all cases, Mapbox ensures that such processing is legal, fair, and reasonable.
Retention
Mapbox stores personal data for so long as Mapbox determines it is needed to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected, as described in Section 2 above. In determining how long to retain personal data, Mapbox considers the amount, nature and sensitivity of the data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of the data, the purposes for which personal data is processed, applicable legal requirements, and Mapbox’s legitimate interests. The purposes for which Mapbox processes data may dictate different retention periods for the same types of data. For example, Mapbox retains IP addresses for 30 days and after such time, in select instances, may need to extend such retention period for an investigation based on its legitimate interests to secure its products and services, prevent fraud and for legal compliance purposes.
Security
Mapbox takes steps designed to secure personal data in accordance with this product privacy policy.  Unfortunately, no system is 100% secure, and Mapbox cannot ensure or warrant the security of any personal data it receives.  To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, Mapbox does not accept liability for unintentional or accidental destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access.
Children
Mapbox products and services are not intended or directed to children under the age of 18 (or other age of majority as required by local law), and Mapbox does not knowingly collect personal data from children. If the parent or legal guardian learns that their child has provided Mapbox with personal data without their consent, then they should contact Mapbox as set forth below in the Contact Mapbox section of this product privacy policy. If Mapbox learns that it has collected personal data in violation of applicable data protection laws and regulations, it will promptly take steps to delete such personal data.
Choices About Personal Data
To the fullest extent possible, Mapbox will fulfill data subject rights requests provided it can match a data subject (natural person to whom the personal data in question pertains) to personal data that Mapbox processes. Mapbox does not, and is not required to, collect additional personal data in order to positively identify a data subject.
As outlined in Section 1 above, Mapbox receives only minimal personal data and operates controls designed to promptly de-identify and anonymize such personal data. For example, Mapbox deletes IP addresses within 30 days of receipt (unless required for an investigation), so it is unlikely that Mapbox would have personal data capable of identifying a data subject after 30 days of receiving such data. However, if verifiable and detailed information is available, Mapbox will work with the data subject to determine if the request can reasonably be met. The data subject will need to provide a valid email address so that Mapbox can communicate and support the request, as well as any information that Mapbox determines may be needed to verify whether it holds any applicable personal data.
In accordance with applicable data protection laws and regulations and depending upon the data subject’s residency, the data subject to whom the personal data pertains may have the right to request the following regarding certain of their personal data:
Access/view/know personal data
Portability of personal data in a commonly machine readable format
Correct personal data where it is inaccurate or incomplete
Deletion of certain personal data
Restrict or object to processing of personal data
Opt-out of the “sale” or “share” or processing for “targeted advertising” (each as defined by applicable data protection laws and regulations) of personal data , if applicable, where such requests are permitted by law
To request deletion of certain personal data, please complete the form
here
. For any other request to exercise rights, please contact Mapbox at
privacy@mapbox.com
. The requesting email must come from the data subject to whom the personal data pertains and include the data subject’s name, email address and specific request or question. To protect privacy, Mapbox will take steps to verify the identity of the requestor before fulfilling the request. Mapbox will process such requests in accordance with applicable data protection laws and regulations.
To the extent required in the state where the data subject resides and where Mapbox has denied such data subject’s earlier request, the data subject may file an appeal with Mapbox for reconsideration. To file an appeal, please contact Mapbox at privacy@mapbox.com. The requesting email must come from the data subject to whom the personal data pertains and include the data subject’s name, email address and reference to the specific request and denial.
Mapbox encourages data subjects to contact it directly with any questions or complaints. However, Mapbox acknowledges and informs the data subject that they have the right to lodge a complaint in the EU and UK with the appropriate supervisory authority in the applicable jurisdiction; .; and in select United States states, to contact the respective state’s Attorney General’s Office, whose contact information may be identified here https://www.usa.gov/state-attorney-general (or successor link). In some cases, these rights may be subject to exceptions, as permitted by applicable law.
Additional Information For California Residents
9.1 California Notice At Collection:
Personal Data Mapbox May Receive
Mapbox applies the principle of data minimization to its product development and operations in an effort to collect the least amount of personal data from the outset. The limited personal dataset that Mapbox may receive, outlined below, describes personal data categories and associated example data elements.  Please note, many data elements are only classified as personal data when combined with an associated IP address, other persistent identifier or data element capable of identifying or being reasonably linked to a natural person.
Data Category
Examples
Identifiers
Such as randomly generated billing ID, session ID & feedback ID (if given), and IP
address (to provide the service, for billing/security purposes and deleted after 30 days).
Commercial Information
Such as user agent, which may include an application ID (determined by the Mapbox customer
to identify its application), Mapbox customer’s company name (so that Mapbox knows which company to bill)
and Mapbox product name.
Internet or other
electronic network activity
Such as timestamp accompanying received data elements, and an end user’s abandonment of a
given navigation route/use of an alternate navigation route.
Geolocation Data
- Such as latitude and longitude, altitude, horizontal and vertical accuracy
(an IP address is not associated with such geolocation data and the session ID association is broken within 24 hours.)
- Applies only to Navigation SDK: If Mapbox Copilot is enabled, Mapbox receives detailed full trip trace files and search
results of navigation sessions. Mapbox Copilot is disabled by default and may only be enabled by Mapbox Navigation
customers (not end users) in their licensed applications.
- At any time, end users may change their location permissions for a given licensed application through their mobile
device and choose to disable access to location data. Such change may affect the designed functionality of the licensed application.
‍
Dash branded products and services:
In addition to the above categories of personal data, Mapbox may also collect the following categories of personal data (specific to its Dash branded products and services).
Data Category
Examples
Identifiers
The end users’ requests are associated with a randomly generated identifier in order for Dash
branded products and services to create a short-term and temporary profile required for
contextual conversations such as “hey Dash, remember the cafe you gave me directions to
yesterday? …”
Inferences
Inferences based on microphone (including voice inputs) and location data. For example,
if the end user asks about cafe’s, Dash branded products and services will infer that the
end user would like to know about cafe’s close to their location.
Conversation Data
Microphone data (including voice inputs).
Do not include sensitive information  to Dash branded products and services such as social
security number, bank account or other financial details, or special categories of Personal
Data such as, racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical
beliefs, trade-union membership, genetic or biometric data, health and/or sex life.
‍
How Mapbox Uses Personal Data
Mapbox does not process personal data for the purposes of identifying an individual or creating or maintaining records about an individual. Instead, Mapbox processes personal data to:
Provide, test, maintain, secure and improve Mapbox products and services,
Provide customer requested support, including applying knowledge gained from individual customer support requests to benefit all Mapbox customers, to the extent such knowledge is de-identified,
Prevent fraud, misuse and cyberattacks,
Administer/bill customers (not end users),
Calculate de-identified aggregate statistics,
Train artificial intelligence models (to the extent personal data is first de-identified), which is a set of technologies and processes that allow computers to learn, reason, and assist in decision making; such models are used to improve Mapbox products and services,
Anonymize such data so it is no longer considered personal data,
Cooperate with public and government authorities, courts or regulators in accordance with Mapbox’s legal obligations, and
Comply with applicable law.
Mapbox processes de-identified data only in a de-identified form and does not permit attempts to re-identify such data or associate with a natural person.
Dash branded products and services
: In addition to the above uses of personal data, Mapbox may also use personal data in the following ways (specific to its Dash branded products and services).
Mapbox uses personal data for purposes that are compatible with those stated above such as providing and supporting the service. For Dash branded products and services, machine learning to develop and improve and fine tune Mapbox’s models is one of those purposes.
Third party independent controller vendors will process the data you provide to Dash branded products and services for their own purposes. For more information visit their respective privacy policies (linked in Section 3). Mapbox has no control over third party independent controllers’ use of the data that the end user provides to Dash branded products and services.
To Whom Mapbox May Disclose Personal Data
Mapbox may disclose personal data to:
Mapbox service providers who need to access such personal data in order to process in accordance  with Section 2 above.
In response to a request, so long as Mapbox believes disclosure is required by any applicable law, regulation or legal process.
If Mapbox has a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation, or disclosure of the personal data is reasonably necessary to enforce its terms of service, detect, prevent, or otherwise address threats to its platform, or protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Mapbox, its customers or their end users, or the public as required or permitted by law.
In connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition or due diligence related thereto of all or a portion of Mapbox’s business by another company.
Dash branded products and services:
In addition to the above parties that Mapbox may disclose personal data to, Mapbox may also disclose personal data to the following third party independent controllers (specific to its Dash branded products and services).
Certain functionality to instruct Dash branded products and services to process a question such as when the end user says “hey Dash” or touches the Dash branded products and services icon or starts typing a command. PicoVoice’s processing is subject to its published privacy practices available here: https://picovoice.ai/docs/privacy-policy/  (or successor link). Mapbox has no control over third party independent controllers’ processing of the data that the end user provides to Dash branded products and services.
On-device speech-to-text (“STT”) vendor (which Mapbox has no control over and is selected by the end user based on their device) will transpose audio speech spoken to Dash branded products and services to a string of text and send it to Mapbox servers to answer the end users question. The on-device STT processing is subject to its respective published privacy practices, which you should review. Mapbox has no control over third party independent controllers’ use of the data that the end user provides to Dash branded products and services.
Large language model providers (“LLMs”), such as OpenAI review the end users voice input text and formulate a response to the end user. OpenAI’s processing is subject to its published privacy practices available here: https://openai.com/policies/privacy-policy (or successor link). Mapbox has no control over third party independent controllers’ processing of the data that the end user provides to Mapbox has no control over third party independent controllers’ processing of the data that the end user provides to Dash branded products and services.
Text-to-speech (“TTS”) vendors, such as Eleven labs transform the Mapbox appended LLM response to an audio MP3 file that is spoken (in audio form) to the requestor via Dash branded products and services. ElevenLabs processing is subject to its published privacy practices available here: https://elevenlabs.io/privacy (or successor link). Mapbox has no control over third party independent controllers’ use of the data that the end user provides to Dash branded products and services.
‍
Data Retention
Mapbox stores personal data for so long as Mapbox determines it is needed to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected, as described in Section 2 above. In determining how long to retain personal data, Mapbox considers the amount, nature and sensitivity of the data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of the data, the purposes for which personal data is processed, applicable legal requirements, and Mapbox’s legitimate interests. The purposes for which Mapbox processes data may dictate different retention periods for the same types of data. For example, Mapbox retains IP addresses for 30 days and after such time, in select instances, may need to extend such retention period for an investigation based on its legitimate interests to secure its products and services, prevent fraud and for legal compliance purposes.
Changes to this Product Privacy Policy
Mapbox will update this product privacy policy at its own discretion from time to time to reflect changes in Mapbox’s practices, technologies, legal requirements, and other factors.
Contact Mapbox
Mapbox would love to hear any questions, concerns, or feedback about this product privacy policy or Mapbox’s data protection practices. Please contact Mapbox at privacy@mapbox.com.
Heading 1
Heading 2
Heading 3
Heading 4
Heading 5
Heading 6
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur.
Block quote
Ordered list
Item 1
Item 2
Item 3
Unordered list
Item A
Item B
Item C
Text link
Bold text
Emphasis
Superscript
Subscript
Privacy & Security FAQ
Last Updated:  Aug 22, 2023
Mapbox provides a location data platform that powers maps and location services. Mapbox provides SDKs (software   development   kits)   and   APIs   (application   programming   interfaces),   which   businesses   and developers use to incorporate Mapbox mapping and navigation technologies into the licensed applications and  websites  they  make.  The  SDKs  contain  libraries  of  software  code  which  are  incorporated  into  a customer’s  licensed  application  or  website.  These  libraries  of  software  code  facilitate  API  requests  to Mapbox’s location data platform (which is a backend data server, hosted in the cloud (AWS-US)) which then responds with map and location content to the customer’s application or website.
In addition, Mapbox offers an on-premise version of its location data services, called Atlas.
No.
Mapbox does not sell personal data.
No.
For customers on a monthly active user (“MAU”) billing model, Mapbox maintains counts of MAUs for billing purposes only. Mapbox does not (and cannot) track an end user’s activity across billing cycles and does not build targeted profiles with the data processed through its products/services.
Data Category
Examples
Identifiers
Such as randomly generated billing ID, session ID & feedback ID (if given), and IP address (to provide the service, for billing/security purposes and deleted after 30 days).
Commercial Information
Such as user agent, which may include an application ID (determined by the Mapbox customer to identify its application), Mapbox customer’s account ID (so that Mapbox knows which company to bill) and Mapbox product name(s) and version(s). Such as data that an individual may upload to Mapbox products/services or otherwise provide to Mapbox in connection with support, or feedback that end  users  voluntarily  contribute  to  Mapbox  along  with  their  associated contact information.
Internet or other electronic network activity
Such as timestamp accompanying received data elements, an end user’s abandonment of a given navigation route / use of an alternate navigation route;
Such as connectivity and device data including device model and browser information, operating system, and contents of an API or SDK request.
Geolocation Data
Such as latitude and longitude, altitude, horizontal and vertical accuracy (the session ID association is broken within 24 hours.)Applies only to Navigation SDK: If Mapbox Copilot is enabled, Mapbox receives detailed full trip trace files and searchresults of navigation sessions. Mapbox Copilot is disabled by default and may only be enabled by Mapbox Navigationcustomers (not end users) in their licensed applications.At any time, end users may change their location permissions for a given licensed application through their mobiledevice and choose to disable access to location data. Such change may affect the designed functionality of the licensed application.
Mapbox applies the principle of data minimization to product development and operations in an effort to collect only limited  data  from  the  outset. Mapbox  operates  a  number  of  technical  and  organization measures regarding the limited personal dataset that we process, such as strict access controls and prompt deletion of raw log files that contain IP addresses and billing IDs. Mapbox deploys regular ID rotation and 1-way hashing for billing IDs, which must be retained for accounting and billing purposes, to minimize the ability  to  track  user  requests over time. Billing  IDs  are  not  transmitted with  unrelated  events,  further reducing  the  feasibility  of  correlating  a  user’s  activities  over  time.  In  addition, Mapbox operates  strict anonymization procedures, such as clipping traces, for telemetry events that send location data.
Communication   through   the   Internet   requires   the   presence   of   IP   addresses,   which   specify   each transmission’s  origin  and  destination.  When  end  users  engage  with  applications  that  access  Mapbox products/services through the Internet, the end user necessarily discloses their current IP address to one or more Mapbox servers. IP addresses are retained in cloudfront logs for 30 days for billing and customer usage reporting, unless involved in an ongoing security, anti-fraud, or misuse investigation.
Mapbox  receives  location  data  when  a  Mapbox  customer’s  end  users  uses  a  licensed  application  that incorporates Mapbox mobile SDKs and the end user has authorized the licensed application’s use of the end user’s device location via their mobile phone or device operating system.
Location  data  includes  fields  such  as  latitude  and  longitude,  altitude,  horizontal  and  vertical  accuracy,  a session  ID  rotating  every  24  hours,  and  origin  IP  address  (as  would  any  Internet  communication).   The  IP address that accompanies location data is retained at the load balancer (where it is used for security and PUBLISHED: Aug 22, 2023https://www.mapbox.com/legal/legal-faq Mapbox Customer FAQ, Page 3billing  purposes  and  discarded  after  30  days).  This  IP  address  is  not  forwarded  to  the  location  telemetry processing pipeline. Location data is encrypted in transit and at rest, and is subject to the principle of least access, with the minimal number of personnel and processes having access to it in its pre-aggregated form.
In the location data anonymization pipeline, the location data is then anonymized by clipping off the origin and destination of the trip and further dividing the trip into segments, which cannot be reassembled. The anonymized  location   data  is  then  used  to  improve  Mapbox  mapping  products,   including  the  Traffic  and Movement data products.
In AWS in the United States.
However, for performance purposes, Mapbox regularly caches content on its AWS  content  delivery  network  (“CDN”)  located  in  various  regions.  Mapbox  employees  who  work  for Mapbox wholly-owned subsidiaries may access personal data from the countries where they work in order to support, develop and provide Mapbox products/services.
No.
Mapbox’s  products/services  store  and  serve  source  data  from  an  AWS  primary  region  in  the  US.  As noted  above,  data  is  cached  and  served  out  of  various  regions  outside  the  US  for  performance  reasons, however  Mapbox  cannot  serve  its  data  from  one  limited  geographic  region.  To  comply  with  GDPR  and safeguard transfers to the US and other countries, please see
Mapbox's DPA, Schedule C
, which includes the Standard Contractual Clauses released in 2021 by the European Commission.
Yes.
Mapbox  carefully  scrutinizes  the  personal  data  it  processes  within  its  engineering  lifecycle,  which includes conducting a privacy review for new (or changed) processing activities. Mapbox follows privacy-by-design principles and works diligently to limit the personal data it processes from the outset. A DPIA is conducted in any situation in which processing of personal data may be considered high risk and not able to be accomplished in a lower risk manner.
Mapbox runs a global data protection program designed to operate in compliance with applicable global privacy laws, including: VCDPA
(Virginia, USA),
UCPA
(Utah, USA),
UK-GDPR
(UK),
TIPA
(Tennessee, USA),
TDPSA
(Texas, USA),
PIPEDA
(Canada),
MTCDPA
(Montana, USA),
LGPD
(Brazil),
IDPL
(Iowa, USA),
ICDPA
(Indianna,  USA),
GDPR
(Europe),
CTDPA
(Connecticut,  USA),
CCPA
and  its  implementing  regulations including
CPRA
(California,  USA),
CPA
(Colorado,  USA),  and
APPI
(Japan),  among  many  other  important jurisdictions.
‍
Mapbox’s privacy program is based on privacy by design, which includes monitoring for upcoming privacy laws  and  regulations  to  assess  whether  its  practices  may  need  to  be  adjusted  to  maintain  compliance; product/service  privacy  reviews;  data  breach  response  processes; and  operationalized  technical  and organizational measures designed to ensure the security of the personal data it receives including: security audits  and  SOC2  certification;  anonymization  &  pseudonymization  of  personal  data  (where  applicable); strict access control with logging; limited data retention periods.
Yes.
Mapbox  is  SOC2  Type  2  certified  with  a
summary  SOC3  report  available  for  customer  review
.   In addition, Mapbox earned and maintains Trusted Information Security Assessment Exchange (“TISAX”) and ISO 9001 certifications. Upon request and execution of an NDA, Mapbox may share a copy of its latest SOC2 report.
Mapbox welcomes any further questions you may have regarding its ongoing commitment to privacy and data security. Please contact Mapbox’s privacy office at privacy@mapbox.com.
Want to receive updates on our sub-processors?
Please subscribe below:
Stay tuned for updates!
Please enter an email address that includes @.
We care about your privacy
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Manage Preferences
Decline All
Accept All
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Back Button
Performance Cookies
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-policy 12
https://www.komoot.com/privacy:
Data privacy statement
The protection of your personal data is important to us. With this data privacy statement, we aim to explain to you in more detail what personal data we collect when you use komoot.com and for what purpose the data is used.
Contact information and responsible party
Responsible for the processing of your personal data is:
komoot GmbH
Friedrich-Wilhelm-Boelcke-Straße 2
14473 Potsdam
Germany
If you have any questions or suggestions regarding data protection, please feel free to email us at
feedback@komoot.de
.
You can contact our privacy protection officer at
datenschutzbeauftragter@komoot.de
.
Subject matter of data protection
The subject of data protection is personal data, i.e. all information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person.
Automated data collection
When accessing our website, your device automatically transmits data for technical reasons. The following data is stored separately from other data that you may transmit to us:
Browser type and version
Operating system
Referrer URL
URL of the loaded website
The latency of the network connection
Date and time of the server request
Your IP address
We save this data for the following purposes:
Ensuring the security of our IT systems, for example, to prevent specific attacks on our systems and to identify attack patterns.
Ensuring the proper operation of our IT systems, for example if errors occur that we can only remedy by storing the IP address.
To enable criminal prosecution, security or legal prosecution if there are specific indications of criminal offenses.
Your IP address is only saved for a period of 90 days.
In this case, the processing takes place on the basis of our predominant legitimate interests mentioned above (Art. 6 Para. 1 lit.f GDPR).
Registration data
To be able to use all functions of komoot, you have to register. For this you have to provide the following mandatory information:
Email address
Username
Password
Alternatively, you can log into komoot using your Facebook or Apple account. Doing so means we will receive the following information from the Facebook/Apple corporation:
Name
Email address
Profile picture (Facebook only)
An authorisation token
When you sign up via Facebook, all of your Facebook friends that are also on komoot can find you via the search function, unless your Facebook settings determine otherwise. After you sign up, you will receive a registration email in order to activate your komoot account.
Your registration data is necessary in order for komoot to create a user account for you. This is also used to activate and manage your account and to allow you to use all the features of the komoot website. In this way, you opt-in to a (free) user contract which allows us to store the data (according to Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. b GDPR).
In order to conclude the contract, you have to provide us with this data. However, you are neither contractually nor legally obliged to conclude the contract and thus to provide the data.
In addition, you can provide further voluntary information as part of the registration, for example you can save a profile photo, tell others about yourself or indicate your favorite sport. This information is voluntary and not necessary to register you. Please note, however, that this information may be visible to other komoot users according to your settings. You can determine whether you want to be found by other users. We collect this data in order to be able to provide you with the corresponding functions of our website, Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. b GDPR.
When you log in to komoot, we also save your IP address for a short period of time in order to be able to detect and prevent possible attacks and mass misuse of logins to komoot (e.g. so-called brute force attacks) by blocking these IP addresses temporarily if necessary. The processing takes place in order to ensure the security of the processing according to Art. 32 GDPR and based on our legitimate interest in protecting us from misuse of our service (Art. 6 Para. 1 lit.f GDPR). Data is stored for a maximum of 90 days. It is subsequently anonymised.
Community functions
At komoot, you can interact with other users, for example by publishing personal Highlights, commenting, giving other tips or discussing with other users. You can also follow other users if you want to keep up to date with new posts from them.
The use of these functions is of course voluntary. If you use it, we collect the data you have entered in order to make it accessible to other komoot users in accordance with your settings and the function you use.
If you want, we can also inform you by e-mail or push notification if there is any news about your published posts. You'll also receive an email and a notification if you're set as a safety contact by another user. You’ll also subsequently be notified when the user for whom you’re a safety contact starts a Tour and has Live Tracking enabled. You can manage which notifications you receive in your settings.
Your data is processed for these purposes in order to be able to provide you with the functions within the framework of your user contract (Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. b GDPR).
Live Tracking
If you use Live Tracking, a feature of komoot Premium, your location data will be sent to our API at regular intervals during the Tour recording. You can optionally share location data by sending a publicly accessible link or by designating other komoot users as safety contacts. Your safety contacts will receive an email and a message in their profile as soon as you start a new Tour and Live Tracking is active. Your location data will be deleted after 28 days.
Your data is processed for the aforementioned purposes in order to be able to provide you with the functions as part of your user contract (Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. b GDPR).
Shop
If you purchase a Premium subscription or a gift voucher in our shop, we integrate payment service providers to process payments. When paying by credit card, we use the payment service provider Stripe (Stripe Payments Europe, Ltd., C/O A & L Goodbody, Ifsc, North Wall Quay, Dublin, D01 H104, Ireland
\-
"Stripe"). You can find Stripe's privacy policy at:
https://stripe.com/en-de/privacy
You also have the option of paying via PayPal. In this case, your payment will be processed by PayPal (Europe) S.à r.l. et Cie (“PayPal”), S.C.A., 22-24 Boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg. You can find PayPal's privacy policy at:
https://www.paypal.com/en/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full
We transmit payment information to these payment service providers to process the payments for the respective services, Article 6 (1) (b) GDPR. The further processing of payment information by the payment service provider is the sole responsibility of the respective payment service provider. Please note the data protection declarations of the payment service providers. The respective payment service provider is solely responsible for processing your payment data. We have neither access nor influence over it.
We only receive information from the payment service providers that the payment has been properly processed. We process this information along with your name in order to complete the transaction you have made. If you have purchased a voucher from us, we will also process your e-mail address in order to send you the voucher code. The legal basis for processing is Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR.
In order to be able to conclude the purchase contract, you must provide this data. However, you are neither contractually nor legally obliged to conclude the contract and thus to provide the data.
Requests
Support requests submitted through our support center (Zendesk)
If you contact us via our support center, we process:
Your e-mail address
The time and date of your request
The subject and content of your request
All information included in any attachments you may have uploaded
To process your inquiries via our support center, we use the Zendesk customer service platform, a service provided by Zendesk Inc., 989 Market Street, San Francisco, CA 94103 ("Zendesk") (cf. Art. 4 No. 8 , 28 GDPR).
Your personal data will be processed in the USA. There is an adequacy decision by the EU Commission in accordance with Article 45 (1) GDPR for the  EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, which serves as the basis for data transfer to certified companies and organizations in the USA. Zendesk Inc. is a certified company in accordance with the Data Privacy Framework. USA.
Direct inquiries via our contact details
If you send us inquiries by e-mail or by other means (e.g. by post), your details will be processed to process the enquiry. This includes:
Your name
The time and date of your request and the other information you provide us with in your request
Depending on how you contact us or the contact details you have provided, we may also process:
Your email address
Your address
Purpose and legal basis of processing
The legal basis for the processing is our legitimate interest (Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f GDPR) in rapid communication in order to conduct the exchange you are seeking and to be able to process your request properly. In the case of inquiries in connection with an existing or future contractual relationship with us, processing is carried out to initiate and implement the respective contractual relationship, Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR. In addition, we have a legitimate interest in the efficient management of our customer relationships, Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR.
Storage data
We store inquiries about contracts or of potential legal relevance during the general limitation period, i.e. three years from the end of the year in which we received your requests. We store all other inquiries for a period of 24 months. Your requests will then be deleted unless we are legally obliged to keep them for a longer period of time.
The storage takes place on the basis of our legitimate interest, the proper documentation of our business operations and the protection of our legal positions (Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f GDPR). In the case of inquiries about contracts, the storage takes place to initiate and implement the respective contractual relationship (Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. b GDPR) and, if necessary, to fulfill legal obligations (Art. 6 Para.1 lit. c GDPR).
Security vulnerability reward program
If you have discovered a vulnerability on our website and in our services and report it to us, we will process your contact details as well as other information you have provided in order to receive and process your report and, if necessary, to ask you any questions. If your report is included in our bounty reward program and you qualify for a reward, we also need additional information from you in order to pay you the corresponding reward.
Please note that we may forward reports regarding vulnerabilities on service providers or third parties to them.
The legal basis for the processing of your personal data is Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR. We have a legitimate interest in receiving and processing your report to ensure the security and functionality of our website and services.
We store reports of potentially legal relevance during the general limitation period, i.e. three years from the end of the year in which we received your report. We store all other reports for a period of 24 months. Your report will then be deleted unless we are legally obliged to keep it for a longer period of time.
The storage takes place on the basis of our legitimate interest, the proper documentation of our business operations and the safeguarding of our legal positions (Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f GDPR) and, if necessary, to fulfill legal obligations (Art. 6 Para.1 lit. c GDPR).
Newsletter
If you register with us, we will inform you about news about our services on the komoot platform about once a month.
In this case, the collection and processing of your personal data takes place due to our legitimate interest in promoting similar services to your user account with komoot (Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f GDPR, § 7 Para. 3 UWG).
You can object to this at any time
\-
even when registering
\-
by deactivating the corresponding checkbox or by clicking on the link to unsubscribe in the respective emails.
For this purpose, we also use customer.io, a service provided by Peaberry Software Inc., 9450 SW Gemini Dr, Suite 43920, Beaverton, Oregon 97008-7105, USA (“customer.io”). We use customer.io as a processor.
Customer.io enables us to only send you news by email or push notification – depending on your selected preferences – that is relevant, of interest, and of use to you. So that we can tailor these notifications to your interests and provide you with the perfect personalized komoot experience – for example, to send you curated inspiration and ideas specific to you – we use data based on your use of komoot, your interactions with us, and the information saved in your user account. This includes:
Data that you actively provide us with, e.g.:
●	User and display name
●	Email address
●	Notification settings (push notification, email)
●	Favorite sport
Data that we obtain from your interaction within komoot, e.g.:
●	Device information
●	Information about your completed tours (finish time)
●	Usage information (start time for a session)
●	Community information (how many followers you have, and how many people you are following)
Customer.io also enables us to identify which of our communications are effective and which are not, e.g. whether our communication prompts you to save one of our suggested tours or explore it. We can then use this information to improve our notifications to you.
The usage takes place on the basis of our legitimate interest in being able to send you only news that is also relevant and of interest to you, in order to improve your user experience with our product, and so that you can use komoot more effectively to plan tours and explorations, Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f GDPR.
ReCAPTCHA
We use reCAPTCHA, a service from Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheater Pkwy Mountain View, California 94043, USA ("Google"), which is integrated into our website and shows the so-called Captchas
\-
small tasks that are easy for people to solve but for machines are difficult to manage. These Captchas help us to prevent the automatic creation of user accounts and thus spam, fraud and other abuse in our community.
If you call up our registration and login form, reCAPTCHA will collect device and — if applicable — personal data from you in order to be able to recognize whether you are a human user or a spam bot. This data includes information about your surfing behavior, login data, information about your browser and your IP address. In addition, reCAPTCHA uses cookies.
Your personal data will be processed in the USA. There is an adequacy decision by the EU Commission in accordance with Article 45 (1) GDPR for the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, which serves as the basis for data transfer to certified companies and organizations in the USA. Google Cloud EMEA Limited is a certified company in accordance with the Data Privacy Framework. Please note that there is currently no adequacy decision by the EU Commission for the USA. Therefore, we have concluded the standard contractual clauses approved by the EU Commission with Google in accordance with Article 46 (2) (c) GDPR.
For more information, see
Google’s Privacy Policy
.
We use reCaptcha based on our legitimate interest in protecting ourselves from spam, fraud against us and our users and other misuse through automatically created accounts (Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f GDPR).
Cookies and similar technologies
We store so-called "cookies" and use cookie-like technologies to be able to offer certain functions of our website and to optimize the use of our pages. "Cookies" are small files that are stored on your end device with the help of your internet browser. Similar technologies can be, for example, pixels, scripts, local storage or other comparable technologies for storing information (hereinafter collectively referred to as “cookies”).
Necessary cookies
We set cookies, which are absolutely necessary for the operation and functionality of the website and the associated services, in accordance with Section 25 Paragraph 2 No. 2 of the Telecommunications and Digital Services Data Protection Act ("TDDDG") without your consent. This category includes cookies that ensure that the website is technically accessible and usable. In addition, these cookies ensure essential and basic functionalities of our website and the associated services. Specifically, we use cookies that are absolutely necessary for the following functions:
Cookies, which are required to save certain technical data during your visit to our website and the use of the associated services.
Cookies that determine whether you have logged in or are still logged in. In addition, we use cookies that save your chosen language and your preferred units (miles or meters).
Cookies that ensure that the cookie settings you have made are saved correctly.
Depending on the respective function of these cookies, these cookies are only stored for the duration of your visit (session cookies) or for a longer period of time, e.g. until you actively log out. Cookies for storing your chosen settings and the cookie settings you have made remain stored until the end of the browser session.
If personal data from these cookies are processed, the processing is carried out to ensure the following:
That our website and the functions provided can be used by you. This is also our legitimate interest, Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f GDPR
That your cookie selection, in particular your consent or non-disclosure to the use of cookies, is stored correctly, Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. c GDPR, § 25 TDDDG.
Cookies for analysis purposes
Additionally, we use cookies to analyze and evaluate your usage behavior in accordance with Section 25 (1) TDDDG. This is only done on the basis of your consent (Article 6 (1) (a) GDPR).
These cookies are used to measure online traffic and analyze behavior. They collect information about how you interact with our website, which pages you have visited and which features of our website you have used. Your usage behavior can be traced using a user ID. This enables us to better understand the use of our website and optimize it accordingly.
If personal data from these cookies is processed, this processing is also based on your consent.
If we use cookies on the basis of your consent (or the associated processing of your personal data is based on your consent), you can revoke your consent at any time via the "Privacy Settings" link. Alternatively, you can change your settings at any time. You can find the link in the footer of the website. The revocation of the consent does not affect the lawfulness of the processing carried out on the basis of your consent until the revocation.
These cookies remain stored on your end device for up to two years, unless you withdraw your consent before this period has expired.
Services relating to the cookies we use for analysis purposes
In this section, we explain the services that we use in the context of the cookies we use for analysis purposes in more detail:
Google Analytics
With your permission, we use Google Analytics, a web analysis service provided by Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland ("Google").
Google Analytics collects pseudonymous data from you about the use of our website
\-
including your abbreviated IP address- and uses cookies. Please note that Google transmits the information generated by the cookies about your use of the website (including your shortened IP address) to servers in the USA and shares this data within the group of companies and with other third parties. Here, too, personal data may be transferred to the USA and third countries for which there is no adequacy decision by the EU Commission. For data transfer to the USA, there is an adequacy decision by the EU Commission in accordance with Article 45 (1) GDPR for the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, which serves as the basis for data transfer to certified companies and organizations in the USA.  Apart from that, Google will use the standard contractual clauses approved by the EU Commission in accordance with Article 46 (2) (c) GDPR.
Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website for us, to create reports on the use of our website and to perform further analyses and evaluations related to the use of our website and internet use. Google can also link this data to other data about you, such as your search history, your personal account, the usage data of other devices and other data that Google has stored about you. Google may also transfer this information to third parties if required to do so by law (e.g. state authorities) or if third parties process this data on Google's behalf.
Your data will be stored by Google Analytics for a period of 14 months. After this period, the data will be deleted and only aggregated statistics will be kept. For more information about how Google uses your data, see
Google's privacy policy
.
The use of Google Analytics is based on your consent (Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. a GDPR).
You can withdraw your consent at any time by clicking "Privacy Settings" at the bottom of the page. The revocation of your consent does not affect the legality of the processing carried out on the basis of your consent up to the time of revocation.
Google Firebase
We use Google Firebase, a service provided by Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland ("Google"). We use Google as a processor (cf. Art 4 No. 8, 28 GDPR).
Google Firebase offers us various services to offer the functionalities of our website. Specifically, we use the following services within the framework of Google Firebase:
Crash Reporting
Google collects statistical and technical data for us about any website crashes. As intended, they do not receive any personal data. However, should personal data be included, we collect this based on our legitimate interest in the error-free operation of our website and the possibility of troubleshooting (Art. 6 Para. 1 S. 1 lit. f GDPR).
Performance Monitoring
Google stores non-personal statistics about the performance of our website for us, i.e. about the speed and any delays in the process. As intended, this information does not contain any personal data. However, should personal data be included, we collect this based on our legitimate interest in error-free and needs-based operation of our website and the possibility of error detection and correction (Art. 6 Para. 1 S. 1 lit. f GDPR).
A/B Testing
We use the A/B testing functions of Google Firebase to be able to test innovations as part of the product development of our website. As part of this, non-personal statistical data is collected. The use is based on our legitimate interest in the needs-based design of our website (Art. 6 Para. 1 S. 1 lit. f GDPR) to address your device and play out content as a test, technical data must be processed via your end device.
Datadog
We use Datadog, a service provided by Datadog, Inc., 620 8th Ave., 45th Fl., New York, NY 10018, USA (“Datadog”). We use Datadog as a processor (cf. Art. 4 No. 8, 28 GDPR). Your personal data will be processed in the USA. There is an adequacy decision by the EU Commission in accordance with Article 45 (1) GDPR for the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, which serves as the basis for data transfer to certified companies and organizations in the USA. Datadog, Inc. is a certified company in accordance with the Data Privacy Framework.
We use Datadog to investigate disruptions on our website and app – e.g. in the form of unexpected deviations, anomalies, and errors – and to monitor the performance of our website and app, including latency (in other words, the time delay that occurs e.g. when transmitting information to our server), availability, and response times.
To this end, Datadog collects specific technical data for us, including user agent (e.g. browser type and version, operating system), error information (stack trace, i.e. the behavior of the respective apps that led to an error, as well as the time when the error occurred), and data on the performance of our website and app, i.e. on the speed and any run delays. Datadog also collects the user ID. Using Datadog enables us to evaluate this data for the purposes mentioned above.
We save the data that we collect using Datadog for a period of 30 days. After this period, we only hold aggregated data with no personal reference.
The processing of the data takes place due to our legitimate interest in ensuring the error-free and proper operation of our website and our app, and in being able to identify and resolve errors (Art. 6 Para. 1 S. 1 lit. f GDPR).
Adjust
We use Adjust, a service provided by Adjust GmbH, Saarbrücker Str. 37A, 10405 Berlin, Germany (“Adjust”). We use Adjust as a processor
Adjust helps us to measure and evaluate the marketing performance of our advertising campaigns. Adjust does so by recording whether you were sent to us via an advertising partner and, if so, by which advertising partner. This enables us to identify which advertising campaigns are effective and which are not, and to improve our advertising accordingly. Your data is not used for retargeting or other advertising purposes.
The use is based on our legitimate interest in advertising our product on a range of channels and in being able to fulfil contracts with our advertising partners, Art. 6 Para. 1 S. 1 lit. f GDPR.
Social Plugins
If you want, you can use social plugins to share the content of our website on social networks. We have provided a two-click solution: If you want to share content via such a plugin, you must first click on an icon of the corresponding social network. This click then unlocks the plug-in of the respective social network for the future.
Only then will various data be transmitted to the respective social network. This can include:
Date and time of the visit to the website
Browser used
Operating system used
URL of the website you previously visited (“referrer”)
URL of the website you are on
Your IP address
Processing your personal data as mentioned above for the purpose of integrating social plugins is done solely based on your consent in accordance with Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. a GDPR.
You can withdraw your consent by adjusting settings here or by clicking “Privacy Settings” at the bottom of the page. Withdrawing your consent does not affect the lawfulness of the processing carried out on the basis of your consent up until the moment you withdrew it.
If you are logged into the respective social network while visiting our site, the provider may recognize that you visited our site and assign the visit to your account. If you use the plugin functions (e.g. clicking the "Like" button, submitting a comment), this information will also be transmitted from your browser directly to the respective social network and saved there if necessary. The purpose and scope of the data collection and the further processing and use of the data by the networks can be found in the data protection information of the respective social network.
Location determination
If you use our app or visit our website, we use your IP address to determine your approximate location so that we can show you maps and routes in your vicinity. This processing is carried out in accordance with Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f GDPR, based on our legitimate interest in being able to provide our users with an appropriate product that is relevant to them, and in optimizing the app for our users.
Your IP address is processed solely on servers in the EU.
Your location is not saved on your device, but is deleted again as soon as your session ends.
Integrated third-party content
We have also included third-party content on our website. This content is loaded from the servers of the respective providers, so that your end device transmits certain technically necessary data to the third party provider. In particular, it is not excluded that these providers can take note of the IP address assigned to you. As far as personal data is processed, this is done on the basis of the data protection declarations of the respective third party providers. The inclusion of your data is processed to allow us to display corresponding content and to offer necessary functions, as well as allowing us to operate our website more efficiently as long as this doesn't infringe on your own legitimate interests (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR). We include the following third-party content:
Google Maps
To activate Google Street View in our maps, we integrate Google Maps, a service for users in the EU from Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland. For users outside of the EU, this service is provided by Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheater Pkwy Mountain View, California 94043, USA ("Google"). There is an adequacy decision by the EU Commission in accordance with Article 45 (1) GDPR for the  EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, which serves as the basis for data transfer to certified companies and organizations in the USA. Google LLC is a certified company in accordance with the Data Privacy Framework.
You can see their privacy policy
here
.
YouTube
We use YouTube videos. YouTube is a service of Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheater Pkwy Mountain View, California 94043, USA, for users from the EU of Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland ("Google"). There is an adequacy decision by the EU Commission in accordance with Article 45 (1) GDPR for the  EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, which serves as the basis for data transfer to certified companies and organizations in the USA. Google LLC is a certified company in accordance with the Data Privacy Framework.
You can see their privacy policy
here
.
Vimeo
We integrate videos from Vimeo. Vimeo is a service of Vimeo Inc., Attention: Legal Department, 555 West 18th Street New York, New York 10011, USA. There is an adequacy decision by the EU Commission in accordance with Article 45 (1) GDPR for the  EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, which serves as the basis for data transfer to certified companies and organizations in the USA. Vimeo Inc. is a certified company in accordance with the Data Privacy Framework.
You can see their privacy policy
here
.
Webhoster
We operate our website on the servers of our web host Amazon Web Service EMEA Sarl, 38 avenue John F. Kennedy, L-1855, Luxembourg, which processes personal data on our behalf. Processing takes place only within the European Union.
Applications
When you apply for a job at komoot, we process the following:
Your name
Your email address
Your application documents, including all supplementary information that you attach to your application
Any additional content that you upload to our application portal
If you go through our application process, other personal data will also be processed, especially as part of the challenges and if we make notes or have questions for you during an interview. We also reserve the right to cross-check professional information that you have published or that you make available on professional networks, insofar as this is necessary to process your application. You can find more information about the application process at:
How does our recruitment process work? | komoot
.
Your personal data is processed to process your application or to decide on the establishment of an employment relationship. Your data in connection with your application will only be made accessible to the persons responsible for the application within our company. The data processing takes place on the legal basis of § 26 paragraph 1, 3 BDSG.
In addition, we also process information regarding how you became aware of komoot. We process this information in order to be able to better evaluate and optimize the reach of our recruiting measures. This is also in our legitimate interest, Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f GDPR.
You are neither legally nor contractually obliged to provide your personal data. However, the provision of the data required to receive and process your application is necessary both for this receipt and processing of your application and for the decision to establish an employment relationship with you. If you do not provide us with the necessary personal data in connection with your application, we cannot consider your application.
If we are unfortunately unable to offer you a position, your application documents will generally be kept for up to 4 months after the end of the respective application process in order to be able to answer any questions in connection with your application. Further storage can take place if this is necessary for providing evidence, in particular for defending against, asserting or enforcing claims (Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f GDPR).
Otherwise, we only store your applicant data if you have expressly consented to it (Article 6 (1) (a) GDPR). You can revoke your consent at any time with effect for the future. You can use the contact details above to do this. A revocation does not affect the processing that has taken place up to your revocation.
To receive and process applications, we use the Workable platform, a service provided by Workable Software Limited, 5 Golden Square, 5th Floor, London, W1F 9BS, United Kingdom ("Workable"). As our processor, Workable processes your personal data exclusively in accordance with our instructions (cf. Art. 4 No. 8, 28 GDPR). For the United Kingdom, there is an adequacy decision by the EU Commission in accordance with Art. 45 (1) GDPR, according to which the United Kingdom offers an appropriate level of protection.
Our social media presence
General information
We operate pages or profiles on different social media platforms. In this context, the processing of personal data described below takes place.
If you interact with us via our social media pages or our posts, we will collect and process the data you have provided, including your username and your profile photo (if applicable). The relevant processing takes place regularly on the basis of our legitimate interest in making the corresponding functions available on our social media pages (Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f GDPR) and, if necessary, on the basis of your consent to the operator of the respective network (Art . 6 (1) (a) GDPR) or your contractual relationship with the operator (Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR). Please also note that this content will be published on our relevant social media pages according to your account settings and may be accessible by anyone worldwide.
Further data processing by us can be carried out in order to be able to receive and process inquiries or messages via our social media pages (Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. b GDPR).
Uploaded content can be stored for an unlimited period of time. If you would like us to remove content you have uploaded to our social media site, please send us an email with your request to the contact details given under point 1
\.
In addition, the respective operators collect and process personal data from you under their own data protection responsibility when you visit our social media pages and/or interact with them or our contributions. This applies in particular if you are registered or logged in to the relevant social media network. Even if you are not logged into a social media network, the operators collect certain personal data when you visit the site, such as unique identifiers that are linked to your browser or your device. Please note that this data may be merged across different platforms and services if they are operated by the same operator. Further information can be found in the data protection notices of the respective operators, to which we refer below.
Specifically, we operate the following social media presences:
Facebook Fanpage
You can also find us on Facebook at
https://www.facebook.com/komoot
.
For users outside of the USA and Canada, Facebook is operated by Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland. For users in the USA and Canada, Meta Platforms Inc., 1601 Willow Road Menlo Park, CA 9402, USA, operates Facebook.
Even if you are not registered with Facebook and visit our Facebook fan page, Meta Platforms can collect pseudonymous usage data from you. You can find more information in the Meta Platforms data policy at
https://de-de.facebook.com/about/privacy/
and at
https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/information\_about\_page\_insights\_data
. In the data policy you will also find information about the setting options for your Facebook account.
Meta Platforms may share your data within the Meta group of companies and with other third parties. This can lead to a transfer of personal data to the USA and other third countries for which there is no adequacy decision by the EU Commission. For data transfer to the USA, there is an adequacy decision by the EU Commission in accordance with Article 45 (1) GDPR for the  EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, which serves as the basis for data transfer to certified companies and organizations in the USA. Otherwise, Facebook Ireland will use the standard contractual clauses approved by the EU Commission in accordance with Article 46(2)(c) GDPR. You can also refer to the Meta Platforms Data Policy for more information.
In addition, together with Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, we are responsible for the processing of so-called insights data when you visit our Facebook fan page. With the help of this insight data, Meta Platforms Ireland Limited analyzes the behavior on our Facebook fan page and makes this data available to us in an anonymous form. To this end, we have entered into a joint data controllership agreement with Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, which you can view
here
. Among other things, Meta Platforms Ireland Limited undertakes the primary responsibility under the GDPR for the processing of Insights data and to fulfil all obligations according to all GDPR regulations regarding the processing of Insights data. The processing serves our legitimate economic interests in the optimization and needs-based design of our Facebook fan page, Art. 6 Para. 1 lit f. GDPR. Additionally, we also draw your attention to the following:
If you visit or like our Facebook page as a registered Facebook user, Meta Platforms Ireland Limited collects personal data from you. If you are not registered with Facebook and visit the Facebook page, Meta Platforms can collect pseudonymous usage data from you.
In detail, the following information is collected by Meta Platforms:
Going to a page, post or video from a page
Subscribing or unsubscribing to/from a page
Liking or unliking a page or post
Recommending a page in a post or comment
Commenting, sharing, or reacting to a page post (including how you react)
Hiding a page post or reporting it as spam
Clicking a link that leads to the page from another page on Facebook or from a website outside of Facebook
Hovering over a page's name or profile picture to see a preview of the page's contents
Clicking the website, phone number, "Get Directions" button, or any other button on a page
Information about whether you are logged in from a computer or mobile device while visiting or interacting with a site or its content.
You can find more information in Meta’s privacy policy. This includes further information on how Meta Platforms uses your data when you like our Facebook page. Meta’s privacy policy:
https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/information
\_
about
\_
page
\_
insights
\_
data
.
Provision of your data
You are neither legally nor contractually obliged to provide your personal data; furthermore, the provision of your personal data
\-
unless expressly mentioned in the aforementioned clauses
\-
is not necessary for the conclusion of a contract.
However, the provision of your personal data is necessary to a certain extent so that we can provide you with the functions on our website. In particular, the provision of your data is necessary so in order to:
Effectively make use of the community functions
Process any requests/messages you submit to us
If it is necessary to provide your data, we will point this out to you when you enter it by marking it as a mandatory field. Providing further data is voluntary. In the case of required data, failure to provide this data means that we cannot provide you with the relevant functions of our website and cannot receive and process your inquiries or reports.
In other cases, non-provision may mean that we do not provide the relevant functions or not to the usual extent, or that we are only able to process your inquiries and reports to a limited extent.
Disclosure of your data
Your data will only be passed on beyond what is described in this data protection declaration to the following extent:
If it is necessary to clarify the illegal use of our website and services or for legal prosecution, personal data will be forwarded to external consultants (e.g. lawyers), the law enforcement authorities and, if necessary, to injured third parties. However, this only happens if there are concrete indications of illegal or abusive behavior. A transfer can also take place if this serves to assert, exercise or defend claims. We are also legally obliged to provide information to certain public bodies upon request. These are criminal prosecution authorities, authorities that prosecute administrative offenses subject to fines and the financial authorities.
In addition, your personal data may also be passed on if we are exposed to other claims by third parties, which may include information about your data.
This data is passed on on the basis of our legitimate interest in combating abuse, prosecuting criminal offenses and asserting, exercising or defending claims according to article 6 (1) (f) GDPR or on the basis of a legal obligation under article 6 Paragraph 1 lit. c GDPR.
For the provision of the services, we rely on contractually linked third-party companies and external service providers, so-called processors (cf. Art. 4 No. 8, 28 GDPR). In such cases, personal data is passed on to these processors in order to enable them to carry out further processing. These processors process personal data on our behalf and are strictly bound by instructions.
In addition to the processing parties already mentioned in this data protection declaration, we also use the following categories of processors:
IT service providers
Cloud service providers
Software service providers
As part of administrative processes and the organization of our operations, financial accounting and compliance with legal obligations (such as archiving), we disclose or transmit your data to financial administrations and consultants. These include tax consultants or auditors as well as other fee offices and payment service providers.
This data is transmitted on the basis of our legitimate interest in maintaining our business activities, performing our tasks, asserting, exercising or defending claims (according to Art. 6 (1) lit. f du RGPD) or on the basis of a legal obligation (according to Art. 6 Paragraph 1 lit. c du RGPD).
As part of the further development of our business, the structure of our company may change as a result of a change in legal form, establishment, acquisition or sale of subsidiaries, parts of companies or components. In such transactions, user information is shared with the part of the transferring company. Whenever personal data is passed on to third parties to the extent described above, we ensure that this is done in accordance with this data protection declaration and the relevant data protection laws.
The transfer of personal data is justified by the fact that we have a legitimate interest in adapting our company’s form to fit economic and legal circumstances in accordance with Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f GDPR.
Transfer of data to third-party countries
We also process data in countries outside the European Economic Area ("EEA"), in so-called third-party countries, or transfer data to recipients in these third-party countries.
Insofar as your personal data is transferred beyond the cases described in this data protection declaration to recipients outside the European Economic Area, we transfer your data to third-party countries for which there is an adequacy decision by the EU Commission in accordance with Article 45 (1) GDPR.
If such an adequacy decision does not exist, we use the standard contractual clauses approved by the EU Commission in accordance with Article 46 (2) (c) GDPR when structuring the contractual relationships with recipients in third-party countries. You can request a corresponding copy of these standard contractual clauses as well as information on the additional measures that we have taken to ensure an appropriate level of data protection using the contact details given under point 1
\.
Automated decision making and visitor profiling
We do not use automation to make specific decisions in regards to profiling.
Deletion of your data
Unless otherwise stated, we will delete or anonymize your personal data as soon as it is no longer required for the purposes for which we collected or used it in accordance with the preceding paragraphs. As a rule, we store your personal data for the duration of the usage or contractual relationship via the website plus a period of 30 days in which we keep backup copies after the deletion. We will also keep your data if we are obliged to do so for legal reasons or if the data is needed for criminal prosecution or to secure, assert or enforce legal claims.
If you delete your user account, your profile will be completely and permanently deleted. However, we will keep backup copies of your data for a period of 30 days before they are finally deleted, provided that this data is no longer required for legal reasons or for criminal prosecution or to secure, assert or enforce legal claims.
We also keep your data for the following reasons:
If we are obliged to do so for legal reasons, Article 6 (1) (c) GDPR. Insofar as we are legally obliged to store it, we store your data for the period prescribed by law. Legal requirements for storage can result in particular from the retention periods of the German Commercial Code (HGB) or the Tax Code (AO). The retention period according to these regulations is usually between 6 and 10 years from the end of the year in which the corresponding process was completed.
If the data is required for a longer period of time for criminal prosecution or for the assertion, exercise or defense of legal claims. This is also our legitimate interest in accordance with Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f GDPR. Storage then takes place until the relevant process has been completed plus the statutory limitation period.
If data must be stored for legal reasons, processing will be restricted. The data is then no longer available for further use.
Your rights as a data subject
With regard to the processing of your personal data, you have the rights described below. To assert your rights, you can submit an application by post or email to the address given in Section 1 above.
Right to information
You have the right to receive information from us at any time on request about the personal data processed by us in the scope and under the conditions of Art. 15 GDPR and § 34 BDSG. To do this, you can submit an application by post or email to the above address.
Right to correct incorrect data
You have the right to request that we immediately correct your personal data if it is incorrect. For this, please contact the contact addresses given above.
Right to cancellation
You have the right, under the conditions described in Art. 17 GDPR and § 35 BDSG, to request that we delete your personal data. These requirements provide in particular a right to erasure if the personal data is no longer necessary for the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed, as well as in cases of unlawful processing, the existence of an objection or the obligation to erase them under EU law or the law of the Member State to which we are subject. For the period of data storage, see also the section “Deletion of your data” in this data protection declaration.
Right to restriction of processing
You have the right to demand that we restrict processing in accordance with Art. 18 GDPR.
Right to data portability
You have the right to receive the personal data concerning you that you have provided to us in a structured, common, machine-readable format in accordance with Art. 20 GDPR. In order to assert your above right, please contact the above address.
Right to object
You have the right to object to the processing of your personal data at any time for reasons that arise from your particular situation on the basis of Art. 6 Para. 1 (GDPR). Your right to objection exists for reasons arising out of your particular situation, unless we can establish compelling legitimate grounds for processing that outweigh your interests, rights and freedoms or if the processing is necessary for the assertion and exercise of or defence against legal claims (Art. 21 (1) GDPR).
If we process your personal data for direct marketing purposes, including profiling, you have the right to object to this processing. After your objection, we will stop processing.
Unless otherwise stated in this data protection declaration, please use the contact addresses given in Section 1 above to assert your abovementioned right.
Right to complain
You have the right to contact a supervisory authority of your choice in the event of complaints.
Data processing when exercising your rights
Finally, we would like to point out that we process the personal data transmitted by you when you exercise your rights in accordance with Article 7 (3) sentence 1 GDPR and Articles 15 to 22 GDPR for the purpose of implementing these rights and to provide evidence of this and, if necessary, to defend legal positions. The processing of your data to fulfil your rights as a data subject is based on the legal basis of Art. 6 (1) (c) GDPR in conjunction with Art. 15 to 22 GDPR and Section 34 (2) BDSG. Insofar as we process the personal data for the purposes of legal defense, this is also our legitimate interest, Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f GDPR.
For the sake of completeness, we would like to point out that any personal data in connection with requests to exercise your rights to fulfil the legal documentation obligations in accordance with GDPR (and in particular to prove the timely response to your request) is stored for the duration of the regular limitation period of three years, beginning with the end of the year in which your application was finally processed by us.
The legal basis for storage is Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR. It is in our legitimate interest to provide and document the aforementioned evidence.
This personal data will be blocked and will not be processed for other purposes, unless the processing is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims. This is also in our legitimate interest, according to art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f GDPR.
You are neither contractually nor legally obliged to provide your personal data, but we can refuse to fulfil your request to exercise your rights as a data subject in accordance with Art. 12 Para 2 when you do not provide the required data.
Changes to this data protection declaration
The current version of this data protection declaration is always available at
https://www.komoot.com/privacy
.
Status as of  2024-06-11
Choose your privacy and cookies preferences with the checkboxes below. For more information, see
our data privacy statement
.
Allow analytics - we use Google Analytics and HotJar to improve our website by observing browsing behavior.
Allow cookies for testing - we set cookies to run data-based experiments so that we can safely and confidently optimize features.
We use cookies to optimize our features and improve your browsing experience through the use of Google Analytics, data-based testing tools, and behavioral analytics tools. Please let us know if you’re ok with that. You can change your preferences anytime. For more information, see
our data privacy statement
.
Sub-policy 13
https://privacy.microsoft.com/de-de/privacystatement:
This is the Trace Id: 24e645e850a702310fc4710d324584f1
Microsoft-Datenschutzbestimmungen
Letzte Aktualisierung: März 2025
Neuigkeiten
Drucken
Alles erweitern
Alles reduzieren
Microsoft-Datenschutzbestimmungen
Von uns erfasste personenbezogene Daten
Wie wir personenbezogene Daten verwenden
Warum wir personenbezogene Daten teilen
Verwalten Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten
Cookies und ähnliche Technologien
Von Ihrer Organisation bereitgestellte Produkte – Hinweis für Endbenutzer
Microsoft-Konto
Erfassung der Daten von Kindern
Weitere wichtige Informationen zum Datenschutz
Sicherheit personenbezogener Daten
Wo wir personenbezogene Daten speichern und verarbeiten
Unser Umgang mit personenbezogenen Daten
Datenschutz in US-Bundesstaaten
Werbung
Spracherkennungstechnologien
Vorschau- oder kostenlose Veröffentlichungen
Änderungen an diesen Datenschutzbestimmungen
So erreichen Sie uns
Produktspezifische Details:
Künstliche Intelligenz und Microsoft Copilot-Funktionen
Produkte für Unternehmen und Entwickler
Onlinedienste für Unternehmen
Software für Unternehmen und Entwickler und Unternehmensanwendungen
Produktivitäts- und Kommunikationsprodukte
Microsoft 365, Office und andere Produktivitäts-Apps
Microsoft Family
Microsoft Launcher
Microsoft Teams
OneDrive
Outlook
Skype
Surface
Surface Duo
LinkedIn
Suchen und durchsuchen
Bing
Microsoft Edge
Microsoft Translator
SwiftKey
Windows
Aktivierung
Aktivitätsverlauf
Werbe-ID
Diagnose
Personalisierte Angebote
Feedback-Hub
Hilfe
Liveuntertitel
Ortungsdienste und Aufzeichnung
Sprachausgabe
Smartphone-Link – Link zu Windows
Geräteübergreifende Erfahrungen
Schutz- und Sicherheitsfunktionen
Sprache, Spracherkennung, Freihand und Tastatureingabe
Einstellungen für Synchronisierung und Sicherung
Update-Dienste
Webbrowser – Microsoft Edge Vorgängerversion und Internet Explorer
Windows KI-Features
Windows-Apps
Windows Hello
Windows Search
Unterhaltung und ähnliche Dienste
Xbox
Microsoft Store
Microsoft Start
Silverlight
Windows Mixed Reality
Cookies
Auf den meisten Websites von Microsoft werden Cookies verwendet, kleine, auf Ihrem Gerät platzierte Textdateien, die später von Webservern der Domain, in der sie platziert wurden, abgerufen werden können. Wir verwenden u. U. Cookies, um Ihre Präferenzen und Einstellungen zu speichern, bei der Anmeldung zu assistieren, personalisierte Werbung zu schalten und Websitevorgänge zu analysieren. Weitere Informationen finden Sie im Abschnitt
Cookies und ähnlichen Technologien
dieser Datenschutzerklärung.
EU-USA, UK-Erweiterung und Schweiz–USA-Datenschutzabkommen
Microsoft erfüllt die EU-USA, die UK-Erweiterung für die EU-USA und die Schweiz-USA.-Datenschutzabkommens. Weitere Informationen finden Sie im Abschnitt
Wo wir personenbezogene Daten speichern und verarbeiten
, und
besuchen Sie die Website des Datenschutzabkommen des US-Handelsministeriums’
.
Kontakt
Wenn Sie Fragen oder Beschwerden zum Thema Datenschutz oder eine Frage an den Datenschutzbeauftragten von Microsoft haben (Microsoft Chief Privacy Officer oder EU Data Protection Officer), wenden Sie sich bitte unter
Webformular
an uns. Weitere Informationen zu Kontakten mit Microsoft, einschließlich Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited, finden Sie im Abschnitt
So kontaktieren Sie uns
dieser Datenschutzbestimmungen.
Der Schutz Ihrer Daten ist uns sehr wichtig. In diesen Datenschutzbestimmungen wird erläutert, welche personenbezogenen Daten von Microsoft erfasst werden sowie wie und wofür das Unternehmen sie verwendet.
Microsoft bietet eine Vielzahl von Produkten an, inklusive Serverprodukte, die verwendet werden, um den Betrieb von Unternehmen weltweit zu unterstützen, Geräte, die Sie in Ihrem Haus verwenden, Software, die Schüler in der Schule verwenden, und Services, die Entwickler zum Erstellen und Hosten von zukünftiger Technologie nutzen. Verweise auf Microsoft-Produkte in dieser Bestimmung beziehen sich auf Microsoft-Dienste, Websites, Apps, Software, Server und Geräte von Microsoft.
Bitte lesen Sie in diesen Datenschutzbestimmungen die produktspezifischen Details, die zusätzliche relevante Informationen enthalten. Diese Datenschutzbestimmungen gelten für die Interaktionen von Microsoft mit Ihnen und für die im Folgenden aufgeführten Microsoft-Produkte sowie für andere Microsoft-Produkte, die diese Datenschutzbestimmungen enthalten.
Junge Menschen möchten vielleicht lieber, mit der Seite
"Datenschutz für junge Menschen"
beginnen. Auf dieser Seite werden Informationen hervorgehoben, die für junge Menschen hilfreich sein können.
Personen in den Vereinigten Staaten finden in unseren
Datenschutzhinweisen für US-Bundesstaaten
und in der
Datenschutzrichtlinie für Gesundheitsdaten von Verbrauchern
weitere Informationen über die Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten und Ihre Rechte gemäß den geltenden Datenschutzgesetzen der US-Bundesstaaten.
Von uns erfasste personenbezogene Daten
Microsoft sammelt Daten über Sie, durch unsere Interaktionen mit Ihnen sowie über unsere Produkte. Einige dieser Daten stellen Sie direkt bereit, andere erhalten wir durch das Sammeln von Informationen über Ihre Aktivitäten, Nutzung und Erfahrungen mit unseren Produkten. Die von uns erfassten Daten hängen vom Kontext Ihrer Interaktionen mit Microsoft und den von Ihnen getroffenen Entscheidungen ab, einschließlich Ihrer Datenschutzeinstellungen und der von Ihnen verwendeten Produkte und Funktionen. Wir erhalten auch Daten über Sie von verbundenen Unternehmen, Tochtergesellschaften und Dritten von Microsoft.
Wenn Sie eine Organisation, z. B. ein Unternehmen oder eine Schule, vertreten, die Unternehmens- und Entwicklerprodukte von Microsoft verwendet, lesen Sie bitte den Abschnitt
Unternehmens- und Entwicklerprodukte
dieser Datenschutzerklärung, um zu erfahren, wie wir Ihre Daten verarbeiten. Wenn Sie ein Endbenutzer eines Microsoft-Produkts oder eines von Ihrer Organisation bereitgestellten Microsoft-Kontos sind, finden Sie weitere Informationen in den Abschnitten
Produkte, die von Ihrer Organisation bereitgestellt werden
und
Microsoft-Konto
.
Bezüglich der verwendeten Technologie und der gemeinsam genutzten Daten haben Sie mehrere Optionen. Wenn Sie aufgefordert werden, personenbezogene Daten zur Verfügung zu stellen, können Sie dies jederzeit ablehnen. Viele unserer Produkte nutzen personenbezogene Daten, die Sie über einen Dienst bereitstellen. Wenn Sie sich dazu entscheiden, die notwendigen Daten, die für eine Bereitstellung eines Produkts oder einer Funktion erforderlich sind, nicht anzugeben, werden Sie das Produkt oder die Funktion nicht nutzen können. Wir müssen ebenfalls personenbezogene Daten gesetzlich sammeln, wenn wir einen Vertrag mit Ihnen unterzeichnen oder eingehen. Wenn Sie keine Daten angeben möchten, können wir mit Ihnen keinen Vertrag eingehen. Sollte sich dies auf ein vorhandenes Produkt beziehen, das Sie verwenden, müssen wir die Nutzung anhalten oder abbrechen. Wir werden Sie darüber benachrichtigen, wenn dies der Fall ist. Wenn die Bereitstellung der Daten optional ist, und Sie sich entscheiden, keine personenbezogenen Daten freizugeben, funktionieren Features wie die Personalisierung, die diese Daten verwenden, nicht für Sie.
Microsoft erfasst für verschiedene Zwecke Daten durch unsere Interaktionen mit Ihnen und durch unsere Produkte, wie unten beschrieben wird, um effektiv zu arbeiten und Ihnen die besten Erfahrungen mit unseren Produkten bieten zu können. Sie stellen einige dieser Daten direkt bereit, z. B. wenn Sie ein Microsoft-Konto erstellen, das Lizenzierungskonto Ihrer Organisation verwalten, eine Suchanfrage an Bing senden, sich für ein Microsoft-Ereignis registrieren, ein Dokument auf OneDrive hochladen, sich für Microsoft 365 anmelden oder uns für Support kontaktieren. Einige dieser Daten erhalten wird, indem wir Informationen über Ihre Interaktionen, Nutzung und Erfahrung mit unseren Produkten und Kommunikationen sammeln. Darüber hinaus erhalten wir Daten von verbundenen Unternehmen, Tochtergesellschaften und Dritten von Microsoft.
Die Verarbeitung von Daten basiert auf verschiedenen gesetzlichen Vorschriften und Berechtigungen (manchmal „Rechtsgrundlagen“ genannt), Ihrer Zustimmung, einer Abwägung legitimer Interessen, der Notwendigkeit, Verträge abzuschließen und auszuführen, und der Einhaltung rechtlicher Verpflichtungen für eine Vielzahl unten beschriebener Zwecke.
Wir erhalten ebenfalls Daten von Drittanbietern. Wir schützen die Daten von Drittanbietern gemäß den in den vorliegenden Bestimmungen beschriebenen Richtlinien und alle anderen Einschränkungen der Quellen, aus der die Daten stammen. Diese Drittanbieter-Quellen können sich mit der Zeit ändern und enthalten:
Daten-Broker, von denen wir demografische Daten erwerben, um die erhobenen Daten zu ergänzen.
Dienste, die benutzergenerierte Inhalte von ihren Diensten an Dritte weiterleiten, wie z. B. lokale Unternehmensrezensionen oder öffentliche Social-Media-Beiträge.
Kommunikationsdienste, einschließlich E-Mail-Anbieter und soziale Netzwerke, wenn Sie uns die Berechtigung zum Zugriff auf Ihre Daten auf diese Drittanbieterdienste oder Netzwerke bereitstellen.
Dienstanbieter, die uns dabei helfen, den Standort Ihres Geräts zu bestimmen.
Partner, mit denen wir Co-Branded-Services anbieten oder gemeinsame Marketingaktivitäten betreiben.
Entwickler, die Funktionen für Microsoft-Produkte oder mit deren Hilfe erstellen.
Drittanbieter, die Funktionen durch Microsoft-Produkten bereitstellen.
Öffentlich zugängliche Quellen, wie kommerzielle, akademische oder offene Datensätze aus dem öffentlichen Sektor und andere Datenquellen.
Wenn Sie eine Organisation, z. B. ein Unternehmen oder eine Schule, vertreten, die Enterprise- und Entwicklerprodukte von Microsoft verwendet, lesen Sie bitte den Abschnitt
Enterprise- und Entwicklerprodukte
dieser Datenschutzbestimmungen, um zu erfahren, wie wir Ihre Daten verarbeiten. Wenn Sie ein Endbenutzer eines Microsoft-Produkts oder ein von Ihrer Organisation bereitgestelltes Microsoft-Konto sind, finden Sie weitere Informationen in den Abschnitten
Produkten, die von Ihrer Organisation
bereitgestellt werden, und in den
Microsoft-Konto
.
Bezüglich der verwendeten Technologie und der gemeinsam genutzten Daten haben Sie mehrere Optionen. Wenn Sie aufgefordert werden, personenbezogene Daten zur Verfügung zu stellen, können Sie dies allerdings ablehnen. Viele unserer Produkte nutzen personenbezogene Daten, um den Dienst auszuführen und bereitzustellen. Wenn Sie sich dazu entscheiden, keine Daten anzubieten, die für eine Bereitstellung und Ausführung eines Produkts oder einer Funktion erforderlich sind, werden Sie möglicherweise nicht in der Lage sein, das Produkt oder die Funktion zu verwenden. Wir müssen ebenfalls personenbezogene Daten gesetzlich sammeln, wenn wir einen Vertrag mit Ihnen unterzeichnen oder eingehen. Wenn Sie keine Daten angeben möchten, können wir mit Ihnen keinen Vertrag eingehen. Sollte sich dies auf ein vorhandenes Produkt beziehen, das Sie verwenden, müssen wir die Nutzung anhalten oder abbrechen. Wir werden Sie darüber benachrichtigen, wenn dies der Fall ist. Wenn die Bereitstellung der Daten optional ist, und Sie sich entscheiden, keine personenbezogenen Daten freizugeben, funktionieren Features wie die Personalisierung, die die Daten verwenden, nicht für Sie.
Die erhobenen Daten sind vom Kontext Ihrer Interaktionen mit Microsoft abhängig, Ihren Präferenzen (einschließlich der Datenschutzeinstellungen), den Produkten und Features, die Sie verwenden, Ihrem Standort und den dort geltenden Gesetzen
.
Die von uns erhobenen Daten können folgendes umfassen:
Name und Kontaktdaten
. Ihren Vor- und Nachnamen, Ihre E-Mail-Adresse, Postanschrift, Telefonnummer und andere ähnliche Kontaktdaten.
Anmeldeinformationen
. Kennwörter, Kennworthinweise und ähnliche Sicherheitsinformationen, die zur Authentifizierung und für den Kontozugriff verwendet werden.
Demografische Daten
. Daten über Sie, z. B. Ihr Alter, Geschlecht, Land und Ihre bevorzugte Sprache.
Zahlungsdaten
. Daten, die für die Verarbeitung Ihrer Zahlung wichtig sind, wie beispielsweise Ihre Zahlungsmittelnummer (z. B. die Kreditkartennummer) und den mit dem Zahlungsmittel verbundenen Sicherheitscode.
Daten über Lizenzen und Abonnements
. Informationen über Ihre Abonnements, Lizenzen und andere Ansprüche.
Interaktionen
. Daten über die Verwendung von Microsoft-Produkten. In einigen Fällen wie z. B. bei Suchanfragen sind dies Daten, die Sie bereitstellen, um die Produkte verwenden zu können. In anderen Fällen wie z. B. bei Fehlerberichten sind dies Daten, die wir generieren. Weitere Beispiele für Interaktionsdaten umfassen:
Geräte- und Nutzungsdaten
. Daten über Ihr Gerät und die Produkte und Features, die Sie verwenden, einschließlich der Informationen über Ihre Hardware und Software, die Leistung unserer Produkte, sowie Ihre Einstellungen. Zum Beispiel:
Zahlungs- und Kontoverlauf
. Daten über die von Ihnen gekauften Artikel und die mit Ihrem Konto verbundenen Aktivitäten.
Browserverlauf
. Daten über die von Ihnen besuchten Webseiten.
Geräte-, Verbindungs- und Konfigurationsdaten
. Daten über Ihr Gerät, Ihre Gerätekonfiguration und Netzwerke in der Nähe. Zum Beispiel Daten über die auf Ihrem Gerät installierten Betriebssysteme und andere Software, einschließlich Produktschlüssel. Außerdem die IP-Adresse, Gerätekennungen (z. B. die IMEI-Nummer bei Telefonen), Regional- und Spracheinstellungen sowie Informationen über WLAN-Zugangspunkte in der Nähe Ihres Geräts.
Fehlerberichte und Leistungsdaten
. Daten über die Leistung der Produkte und etwaige Probleme, die bei Ihnen auftreten, einschließlich Fehlerberichte. Fehlerberichte (manchmal auch „Crash Dumps“ genannt) können Details über die Software oder Hardware enthalten, die mit dem Fehler in Verbindung steht, den Inhalt der Dateien, die beim Auftreten des Fehlers geöffnet wurden, und Daten über andere Software auf Ihrem Gerät.
Problembehandlung und Hilfedaten
. Daten, die Sie uns zur Verfügung stellen, wenn Sie Microsoft um Hilfe bitten, z. B. die von Ihnen verwendeten Produkte und andere Details, die uns bei der Unterstützung helfen. Zum Beispiel Kontakt- oder Authentifizierungsdaten, der Inhalt Ihrer Chats und anderer Kommunikation mit Microsoft, Daten über den Zustand Ihres Geräts und die Produkte, die Sie im Zusammenhang mit Ihrer Hilfeanfrage verwenden. Wenn Sie sich an uns wenden, z. B. für Kundensupport, können Telefongespräche oder Chat-Sitzungen mit unseren Beratern überwacht und aufgezeichnet werden.
Bot-Nutzungsdaten
. Interaktionen mit Bots und Fähigkeiten, die über Microsoft-Produkte verfügbar sind, einschließlich Bots und Fähigkeiten, die von Drittanbietern bereitgestellt werden.
Interessen und Favoriten
. Daten über Ihre Interessen und Favoriten wie z. B. die Mannschaften, denen Sie in einem Sportteam folgen, Ihre bevorzugte Programmiersprache, die Aktien, die Sie verfolgen oder die Lieblingsstädte, die Sie für das Wetter oder den Verkehr hinzufügen. Zusätzlich zu den Daten, die Sie ausdrücklich angeben, können Ihre Interessen und Favoriten auch aus anderen von uns erfassten Daten abgeleitet werden, z. B. aus Ihren Interaktionen auf Websites, auf denen unsere Technologie zur Anzeige oder Messung von Werbung eingesetzt wird.
Nutzungsdaten von Inhalten
. Informationen zu Media-Inhalten (z. B. TV, Video, Musik, Audio, Lehrbücher, Apps und Spiele), auf die Sie über unsere Produkte zugreifen.
Suchvorgänge und Befehle
. Suchvorgänge und Befehle beim Verwenden von Microsoft-Produkten mithilfe der Suchvorgänge- und Befehlsfunktion, wie z. B. Interaktionen mit einem Chatbot.
Sprachdaten
. Ihre Sprachdaten, manchmal auch „Sprachclips“ genannt, wie beispielsweise Suchabfragen, Befehle oder gesprochene Diktate, welche auch Hintergrundgeräusche beinhalten können.
Text-, Freihand- und Eingabedaten
. Text-, Eingabe- und Freihanddaten und verwandte Informationen. Wenn wir beispielsweise Freihanddaten sammeln, erfassen wir Informationen über die Platzierung des Freihandeingabeinstruments auf Ihrem Gerät.
Images
. Bilder und verwandte Informationen wie z. B. Bild-Metadaten. Zum Beispiel erfassen wir das Bild, das Sie bereitstellen, wenn Sie einen Bing-Dienst mit Bildaktivierung verwenden.
Kontakte und Beziehungen
. Daten über Ihre Kontakte und Beziehungen, wenn Sie ein Produkte verwenden, um Informationen auszutauschen, Kontakte zu verwalten oder um mit anderen Personen zu interagieren oder unsere Produktivität zu steigern.
Funktionen und Daten für das soziale Netzwerk
. Informationen über Ihre Beziehungen und die Interaktionen zwischen Ihnen und anderen Personen und Organisationen wie z. B. die Art der Kommunikation (z. B. Vorlieben, Abneigungen, Ereignisse usw.) mit diesen Personen und Organisationen.
Standortdaten
. Daten über die Geräteposition, die entweder genau oder ungenau sein können. Zum Beispiel erfassen wir Positionsdaten mithilfe des Global Navigation Satellite System (GNSS) (GPS) und Daten über Mobilfunkmasten und WLAN-Hotspots in Ihrer Nähe. Positionsdaten enthalten beispielsweise einen Standort, der von Ihrer IP-Adresse oder Daten auf Ihrem Kontoprofil abgeleitet wurde. Oder es handelt sich um Daten (wie z. B. eine Stadt oder einen Postleitzahlbereich), die mit geringerer Genauigkeit Aufschluss darüber geben, wo Sie sich aufhalten.
Andere Eingaben
. Andere Angaben werden bereitgestellt, wenn Sie unsere Produkte verwenden. Beispielsweise Daten wie die Schaltflächen, die Sie auf einem Xbox Wireless-Controller über das Xbox-Netzwerk drücken, Skelett-Trackingdaten, wenn sie Kinect verwenden, und andere Sensordaten, wie die Anzahl der Schritte, die Sie ausführen, wenn Sie Geräte mit entsprechenden Sensoren verwenden. Wenn Sie an einem In-Store-Event teilnehmen, werden die Daten erfasst, die Sie bereitstellen, wenn Sie sich für oder während des Events registrieren; wenn Sie an einer Gewinnaktion teilnehmen, werden die von Ihnen in das Teilnahmeformular eingegebenen Daten erfasst.
Inhalte
. Der Inhalt Ihrer Dateien und Kommunikationen, die Sie eingeben, hochladen, erhalten, erstellen und steuern. Wenn Sie beispielsweise eine Datei über Skype an einen anderen Skype-Benutzer übertragen, müssen wir den Inhalt dieser Datei für Sie und den anderen Benutzer sammeln. Wenn Sie eine E-Mail mithilfe von Outlook.com erhalten, müssen wir den Inhalt dieser E-Mail erheben, um Sie in Ihrem Posteingang auszuliefern, Ihnen diese anzuzeigen, Ihnen die Möglichkeit zu geben, darauf zu antworten, und sie solange zu speichern, bis Sie entscheiden, sie zu löschen. Zu anderen Inhalten, die wir erfassen, wenn wir Ihnen Produkte zur Verfügung stellen, gehören:
Kommunikation, einschließlich Audio, Video, Text (eingetippt, diktiert oder anderweitig), in einer Nachricht, einer E-Mail, einem Anruf, einer Besprechungsanfrage oder einem Chat.
Fotos, Bilder, Lieder, Filme, Software und andere Medien oder Dokumente, die Sie mit unserer Cloud speichern, abrufen oder anderweitig verarbeiten.
Videos oder Aufzeichnungen
. Aufnahmen von Ereignissen und Aktivitäten in Microsoft-Gebäuden, Einzelhandelsumgebungen und anderen Orten. An unseren Microsoft Store-Standorten, unseren anderen Einrichtungen oder bei Veranstaltungen von Microsoft können Ihr Bild und Ihre Stimme möglicherweise erfasst werden.
Feedback und Bewertungen
. Informationen und Inhalte von Meldungen, die Sie uns senden, wie beispielsweise Feedback, Umfragedaten und Produktbeurteilungen, die Sie schreiben.
Datenverkehrsdaten
. Daten, die durch Ihre Verwendung von Kommunikationsdiensten von Microsoft generiert werden. Datenverkehrsdaten geben an, mit wem Sie kommuniziert haben und wann Ihre Kommunikation stattgefunden hat. Wir werden Ihre Datenverkehrsdaten nur insoweit verarbeiten, wie es zur Bereitstellung, Wartung und Verbesserung unserer Kommunikationsdienste notwendig ist, und nur mit Ihrem Einverständnis.
Die nachfolgenden produktspezifischen Abschnitte beschreiben die Datenerfassungspraktiken, die für die Verwendung solcher Produkte gelten.
Zusammenfassung anzeigen
Weitere Infos
Zurück zum Anfang
Wie wir personenbezogene Daten verwenden
Microsoft verwendet die Daten, die wir erfassen, um Ihnen umfangreiche, interaktive Benutzererfahrungen zu ermöglichen. Insbesondere verwenden wir Daten für Folgendes:
Bereitstellung unserer Produkte, einschließlich Aktualisierung, Sicherung, Problembehandlung und Support. Dies umfasst auch das Freigeben von Daten, wenn erforderlich, um den Dienst bereitzustellen oder die Transaktionen auszuführen, die Sie angefordert haben.
Entwickeln und Verbessern von Produkten.
Personalisieren unserer Produkte und Bereitstellen von Empfehlungen.
Unterbreiten von Werbeangeboten an Sie. Dazu gehören der Versand von Werbekommunikation, gezielte Werbung und die Präsentation relevanter Angebote.
Wir verwenden die Daten ebenfalls für unser Unternehmen, inklusive der Analyse und Leistung, der Einhaltung unserer gesetzlichen Verpflichtung, für unsere Belegschaft sowie zur Entwicklung.
Wir kombinieren die erfassten Daten aus verschiedenen Kontexten (z. B. aus der Verwendung von zwei Microsoft-Produkten) oder von Drittanbietern, damit wir Ihnen eine nahtlose, konsistente und personalisierte Erfahrung bieten können, um fundierte Entscheidungen zu treffen oder diese zu anderen legitimen Zwecken zu verwenden.
Die Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten für diese Zwecke umfasst sowohl automatisierte als auch manuelle (menschliche) Verarbeitungsmethoden. Unsere automatisierten Methoden stehen häufig im Zusammenhang mit unseren manuellen Methoden und werden von diesen unterstützt. Um beispielsweise unsere automatisierten Verarbeitungsmethoden (einschließlich künstlicher Intelligenz oder KI) aufzubauen, zu trainieren und deren Genauigkeit zu verbessern, überprüfen wir manuell einige der von den automatisierten Methoden erzeugten Ausgaben mit den zugrunde liegenden Daten.
Im Rahmen unserer Bemühungen, unsere Produkte zu verbessern und weiterzuentwickeln, können wir Ihre Daten zur Entwicklung und zum Training unserer KI-Modelle verwenden. Weitere Informationen finden Sie
hier
.
Microsoft verwendet die Daten, die wir erfassen, um umfangreiche, interaktive Benutzererfahrungen bereitzustellen. Insbesondere verwenden wir Daten für Folgendes:
Bereitstellung unserer Produkte, einschließlich Aktualisierung, Sicherung, Problembehandlung und Support. Dies umfasst auch das Freigeben von Daten, wenn erforderlich, um den Dienst bereitzustellen oder die Transaktionen auszuführen, die Sie angefordert haben.
Entwickeln und Verbessern von Produkten.
Personalisieren unserer Produkte und Bereitstellen von Empfehlungen.
Werbung an Sie senden, inklusive Werbeaktionen, zielgerichtete Werbung und das Anbieten relevanter Angebote.
Wir verwenden die Daten ebenfalls für unser Unternehmen, inklusive der Analyse und Leistung, der Einhaltung unserer gesetzlichen Verpflichtung, für unsere Belegschaft sowie zur Entwicklung.
Wir kombinieren daher die erfassten Daten aus verschiedenen Kontexten (z. B. von der Nutzung aus zwei Microsoft-Produkten). Beispielsweise verwendet Microsoft Store Informationen zu den Apps und Diensten, die Sie verwenden, um personalisierte App-Empfehlungen zu erstellen. Wir haben technologische und verfahrensrechtliche Garantien integriert, welche dafür konzipiert sind, bestimmte Datenkombinationen zu verhindern, wenn dies gesetzlich vorgeschrieben ist. Beispielsweise speichern wir Daten, die wir von Ihnen erfassen, wenn Sie nicht authentifiziert (nicht angemeldet) sind, getrennt von allen Kontoinformationen, die Sie direkt identifizieren, wie z. B. Ihren Namen, Ihre E-Mail-Adresse oder Ihre Telefonnummer.
Die Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten für diese Zwecke umfasst sowohl automatisierte als auch manuelle (menschliche) Verarbeitungsmethoden. Unsere automatisierten Methoden stehen häufig im Zusammenhang mit unseren manuellen Methoden und werden von diesen unterstützt. Um beispielsweise unsere automatisierten Verarbeitungsmethoden (einschließlich künstlicher Intelligenz oder KI) aufzubauen, zu trainieren und deren Genauigkeit zu verbessern, überprüfen wir manuell einige der von den automatisierten Methoden erzeugten Ausgaben mit den zugrunde liegenden Daten.
Im Rahmen unserer Bemühungen, unsere Produkte zu verbessern und weiterzuentwickeln, können wir Ihre Daten zur Entwicklung und zum Training unserer KI-Modelle verwenden. Weitere Informationen finden Sie
hier
.
Zwecke und Rechtsgrundlagen der Verarbeitung
Wenn wir personenbezogene Daten über Sie verarbeiten, tun wir dies mit Ihrer Einwilligung und/oder soweit dies erforderlich ist, um die von Ihnen verwendeten Produkte bereitzustellen, unser Geschäft zu betreiben, unsere vertraglichen und gesetzlichen Verpflichtungen zu erfüllen, die Sicherheit unserer Systeme und unserer Kunden zu schützen oder andere berechtigte Interessen von Microsoft oder Dritten zu erfüllen, wie in diesem Abschnitt und im Abschnitt
Gründe für die Weitergabe personenbezogener Daten
in dieser Datenschutzerklärung beschrieben. Unsere Grundlagen für die Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten können unterschiedlich sein, je nachdem, wie und für welche Produkte und Dienstleistungen wir Ihre Daten verarbeiten.
Wenn wir personenbezogene Daten auf der Grundlage unserer berechtigten Interessen oder der von Dritten verarbeiten, wägen wir diese Interessen gegen Ihre Rechte und Freiheiten ab und verarbeiten Ihre personenbezogenen Daten nur dann, wenn die berechtigten Interessen, die wir an der Verarbeitung haben, Ihre Interessen nicht überwiegen.
Wenn wir personenbezogene Daten aus dem Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum übertragen, erfolgt dies auf der Grundlage einer Vielzahl von rechtlichen Mechanismen, wie im Abschnitt
"Wo wir personenbezogene Daten speichern und verarbeiten"
dieser Datenschutzerklärung beschrieben.
Weitere Informationen zur Verarbeitung:
Bereitstellen unserer Produkte
. Wir verwenden Daten, um unserer Produkte zu verbessern und Ihnen umfangreiche, interaktive Benutzererfahrungen zu bieten. Wenn Sie beispielsweise OneDrive verwenden, verarbeiten wir die auf OneDrive hochgeladenen Dokumente, damit Sie diese auf Wunsch und im Rahmen des Dienstes abrufen, löschen, bearbeiten, weiterleiten oder verarbeiten können. Wenn Sie eine Suchabfrage in der Bing-Suchmaschine eingeben, verwenden wir die Abfrage auch, um Ihnen Suchergebnisse anzuzeigen. Da Kommunikation ein Merkmal verschiedener Produkte, Programme und Aktivitäten ist, verwenden wir Daten, um Sie zu kontaktieren. Beispielsweise können wir Sie per Telefon oder E-Mail oder anderweitig darüber informieren, wann ein Abonnement endet, oder um die Lizenz Ihres Kontos zu diskutieren. Wir kommunizieren ebenfalls mit Ihnen, um unsere Produkte zu schützen, indem wie Sie beispielsweise darüber informieren, wenn Produkt-Updates verfügbar sind.
Produktverbesserung
. Wir verwenden Daten, um unsere Produkte durch das Hinzufügen neuer Features oder Fähigkeiten ständig zu verbessern. Wir verwenden beispielsweise Fehlerberichte, um die Sicherheitsfunktionen zu verbessern, Suchanfragen und Klicks in Bing, um die Relevanz der Suchergebnisse zu verbessern, Nutzungsdaten, die uns bei der Priorisierung neuer Funktionen helfen oder Sprachdaten, um die Spracherkennungsgenauigkeit zu entwickeln und verbessern.
Personalisierung
. Viele Produkte umfassen personalisierte Features, wie zum Beispiel Empfehlungen, die Ihre Produktivität und Ihren Genuss erhöhen. Diese Features verwenden automatisierte Prozesse zum Anpassen Ihrer Produkterfahrungen, basierend auf den Daten, die wir über Sie erfasst haben, wie z. B. Rückschlüsse, die wir über Sie und Ihre Verwendung des Produkts, der Aktivitäten, Interessen und Standorte vornehmen. Wenn Sie Filme in einem Browser auf Ihrem Windows-Gerät streamen, sehen Sie möglicherweise je nach Ihren Einstellungen eine Empfehlung für eine App aus dem Microsoft Store, die effizienter streamt. Wenn Sie ein Microsoft-Konto besitzen, können wir mit Ihrer Erlaubnis die Einstellungen auf mehreren Geräten synchronisieren. Viele unserer Produkte bieten Steuerelemente, um personalisierte Funktionen zu deaktivieren.
Produktaktivierung
. Wir verwenden Daten wie Geräte- und Anwendungstyp, Standort und eindeutige Geräte-, Anwendungs-, Netzwerk- und Abonnementkennungen, um Produkte wenn erforderlich zu aktivieren.
Produktentwicklung
. Wir verwenden Daten, um neue Produkte zu entwickeln. So verwenden wir beispielsweise Daten, oft de-identifiziert, um die Computer- und Produktivitätsanforderungen unserer Kunden besser zu verstehen und um KI-Modelle zu trainieren und zu optimieren, die die Entwicklung neuer Produkte beeinflussen können.
Kundendienst
. Wir verwenden Daten, um Produktprobleme zu beheben und zu diagnostizieren, Kundengeräte zu reparieren und andere Kunden- und Supportdienste bereitzustellen, einschließlich um uns bei der Bereitstellung, Verbesserung und Sicherung der Qualität unserer Produkte, Dienste und Schulungen zu unterstützen und um Sicherheitsvorfälle zu untersuchen. Die Anrufaufzeichnung kann auch dazu verwendet werden, sie basierend auf ihrer Stimme zu authentifizieren oder zu identifizieren, damit Microsoft Supportdienste bereitstellen und Sicherheitsvorfälle untersuchen können.
Helfen Sie bei der Sicherheit und Problembehandlung
. Wir verwenden Daten, um unsere Produkte zu schützen und Probleme zu behandeln. Dazu gehört die Verwendung von Daten zum Schutz der Sicherheit unserer Produkte und Kunden, zum Erkennen von Schadsoftware und böswilligen Aktivitäten, zur Problembehandlung bei Leistungs- und Kompatibilitätsproblemen, um Kunden dabei zu helfen, ihre Umgebung optimal zu gestalten und die Kunden über Updates unserer Produkte zu benachrichtigen. Dazu gehören u. a. automatisierte Systeme, um Sicherheitsprobleme zu erkennen.
Sicherheit
. Wir verwenden Daten, um die Sicherheit unserer Produkte und unserer Kunden zu schützen. Unsere Sicherheitsfunktionen und -produkte können die Funktion von Schadsoftware unterbrechen und Benutzer darüber benachrichtigen, falls Schadsoftware auf deren Geräten gefunden wurde. Beispielsweise scannen unsere Produkte wie Outlook.com oder OneDrive systematisch Inhalte auf automatisierte Weise, um mutmaßlichen Spam, Viren, missbräuchliche Handlungen oder URLs, die als Betrug gekennzeichnet wurden, sowie Phishing- oder Malware-Links zu identifizieren. Wir können die Versendung einer Mitteilung blockieren oder Inhalte entfernen, wenn ein Verstoß gegen unsere AGB vorliegt.
In Übereinstimmung mit der Verordnung (EU) 2021/1232 der Europäischen Union haben wir die durch diese Verordnung erlaubte Abweichung von Artikel 5 (1) und 6 (1) der EU-Richtlinie 2002/58/EG in Anspruch genommen. Wir verwenden Scantechnologien, um digitale Signaturen (so genannte „Hashes“) von bestimmten Bildern und Videoinhalten auf unseren Systemen zu erstellen. Diese Technologien vergleichen dann die von ihnen erzeugten Hashes mit Hashes von gemeldeten Bildern von sexueller Ausbeutung und sexuellem Missbrauch von Kindern (bekannt als „Hash-Set“) in einem Prozess, der „Hash-Matching“ genannt wird. Microsoft bezieht Hash-Sets von Organisationen, die sich im öffentlichen Interesse gegen den sexuellen Missbrauch von Kindern einsetzen. Dies kann zu einem Informationsaustausch mit dem National Center for Missing and Exploited Children (NCMEC) und den Strafverfolgungsbehörden führen.
Updates
. Wir verwenden die erfassten Daten, um Produktupdates und Sicherheitspatches zu entwickeln. Beispielsweise verwenden wir Informationen zu den Funktionen Ihres Geräts, z. B. über den verfügbaren Arbeitsspeicher, um Ihnen ein Software-Update oder Sicherheitspatch bereitzustellen. Updates und Patches sollen Ihre Erfahrung mit unseren Produkten optimieren, Ihnen beim Datenschutz und der Sicherheit Ihrer Daten helfen, neue Features anbieten und feststellen, ob Ihr Gerät solche Updates verarbeiten kann.
Werbemitteilungen
. Wir verwenden erfasste Daten, um Ihnen Werbeaktionen anzubieten. Sie können sich für E-Mail-Abonnements registrieren und wählen, ob Sie Werbemitteilungen von Microsoft per E-Mail, SMS, Briefpost oder Telefon erhalten möchten. Informationen zur Verwaltung Ihrer Kontaktdaten, E-Mail-Abonnements und Werbemitteilungen finden Sie im Abschnitt
Zugriff auf persönliche Daten und Steuerung
in dieser Datenschutzerklärung.
Relevanten Angebote
. Microsoft verwendet Daten, um Ihnen relevante und wertvolle Informationen zu unseren Produkten bereitzustellen. Wir analysieren Daten aus einer Vielzahl von Quellen, um Informationen vorherzusagen, die interessant und für Sie relevant sind und um Ihnen solche Informationen auf verschiedene Art und Weise zu unterbreiten. Wir können z. B. Ihr Interesse an Spielen vorhersagen und Sie über neue Spiele informieren, die Sie interessieren könnten.
Werbung
. Microsoft verwendet keine Ihrer Inhalte aus E-Mails, Chats zwischen zwei Menschen, Videoanrufen oder Voicemails oder Ihren Dokumenten, Fotos oder anderen persönlichen Dateien, um damit Werbung für Sie zu erzeugen. Wir verwenden Daten, die wir durch unsere Interaktionen mit Ihnen, durch einige unserer Produkte, Dienste, Apps und Web-Objekte (Microsoft-Eigentum) sowie auf Web-Objekten von Drittanbietern gesammelt haben, für Werbung auf unserem Microsoft-Eigentum und auf Web-Eigentum von Drittanbietern. Und verwenden automatisierte Prozesse dazu, um der angezeigten Werbung mehr Relevanz zu verleihen. Weitere Informationen dazu, wie Ihre Daten für Werbung verwendet werden, finden Sie im Abschnitt
Werbung
dieser Datenschutzerklärung.
Gewinnaktionen und Events
. Wir verwenden Ihre Daten zum Verwalten von Gewinnaktionen und Events, die in unseren physischen Microsoft Stores verfügbar sind. Wenn Sie beispielsweise an einer Gewinnaktion teilnehmen, verwenden wir Ihre Daten zum Auswählen eines Gewinners und um Ihnen den Preis bereitzustellen, falls Sie gewinnen sollten. Oder wenn Sie sich für einen Coding-Workshop oder ein Gaming-Event registrieren, fügen wir Ihren Namen zur Liste der erwarteten Teilnehmer hinzu.
Transaktionsprozesse
. Wir verwenden Daten, um Ihre Transaktionen mit uns durchzuführen. Beispielsweise verarbeiten wir Zahlungsinformationen, um Kunden Produktabonnements anzubieten und mithilfe der Kontaktinformationen aus dem Microsoft Store erworbene Waren bereitzustellen.
Berichterstattung und Geschäftsvorgänge
. Wir verwenden Daten, um unsere Vorgänge zu analysieren und Business Intelligence auszuführen. Dadurch können wir informierte Entscheidungen treffen und die Leistung unserer Geschäftstätigkeit erfassen.
Schutz von Recht und Eigentum
. Wir verwenden Daten, um Betrug zu erkennen und zu verhindern, Streitfälle zu schlichten, Vereinbarungen durchzusetzen und unser Eigentum zu schützen. Beispielsweise verwenden wir Daten, um die Gültigkeit von Softwarelizenzen zu bestätigen und so Softwarepiraterie zu verringern. Wir können mithilfe von automatisierten Prozessen Aktivitäten erkennen und verhindern, die unsere Rechte und die Rechte Dritter verletzen, wie z. B. Betrug.
Einhaltung gesetzlicher Vorschriften
. Wir verarbeiten Daten, um die geltenden Gesetze einzuhalten. Beispielsweise verwenden wir das Alter unserer Kunden, um uns dabei zu helfen, unsere Verpflichtungen zum Schutz der Privatsphäre von Kindern zu erfüllen. Wir verarbeiten auch Kontaktinformationen und Anmeldeinformationen, um Kunden dabei zu helfen, ihre Datenschutzrechte auszuüben.
Rechereche.
Mit geeigneten technischen und organisatorischen Maßnahmen zum Schutz der Rechte und Freiheiten des Einzelnen nutzen wir Daten zur Durchführung von Forschungsarbeiten, einschließlich erweiterter Funktionen für maschinelles Lernen und künstliche Intelligenz, zum Wohle des öffentlichen Interesses und für wissenschaftliche Zwecke.
Zusammenfassung anzeigen
Weitere Infos
Zurück zum Anfang
Warum wir personenbezogene Daten teilen
Wir teilen Ihre personenbezogenen Daten mit Ihrer Zustimmung oder um eine Transaktion abzuschließen oder ein Produkt anbieten zu können, das Sie angefordert oder autorisiert haben. Wir teilen Daten auch mit von Microsoft kontrollierten Tochtergesellschaften und mit Lieferanten, die für uns arbeiten. Wir teilen Daten, wenn dies gesetzlich vorgeschrieben ist oder um auf rechtliche Verfahren zu reagieren; um unsere Kunden zu schützen; um Leben zu schützen; um die Sicherheit unserer Produkte zu gewährleisten und um die Rechte und das Eigentum von Microsoft und seinen Kunden zu schützen.
Bitte beachten Sie, dass sich die „Freigabe“ gemäß der Definition in bestimmten Datenschutzgesetzen von US-amerikanischen Staaten auch auf die Bereitstellung personenbezogener Daten an Drittanbieter für personalisierte Werbezwecke bezieht. Weitere Informationen finden Sie unten im Abschnitt
Datenschutz in U.S.-Bundesstaaten
und unseren
Hinweisen auf die Datenschutzgesetze der U.S.-Bundesstaaten
.
Wir teilen Ihre personenbezogenen Daten mit Ihrer Zustimmung oder nach Bedarf, um eine Transaktion abzuschließen oder ein Produkt anbieten zu können, das Sie angefordert oder autorisiert haben. Zum Beispiel teilen wir Ihre Inhalte mit Drittanbietern, wenn Sie uns anweisen, dies so zu tun, wie zum Beispiel, wenn Sie eine E-Mail an einen Freund senden, Fotos und Dokumente auf OneDrive teilen oder Konten mit einem anderen Dienst verknüpfen. Wenn Sie ein Microsoft-Produkt, das von einer mit Ihnen verbundenen Organisation wie Ihrem Arbeitgeber oder Ihrer Schule bereitgestellt wird, oder eine von einer solchen Organisation bereitgestellte E-Mail-Adresse verwenden, um auf Microsoft-Produkte zuzugreifen, geben wir bestimmte Daten, z. B. Interaktions- und Diagnosedaten frei, damit Ihre Organisation die Produkte verwalten kann. Wenn Sie Zahlungsdaten liefern, um einen Kauf zu tätigen, werden wir die Zahlungsdaten mit Banken und anderen Unternehmen teilen, die den Zahlungsverkehr bearbeiten oder andere Finanzdienstleistungen anbieten sowie zur Betrugsprävention und für die Kreditrisikominderung. Wenn Sie eine Zahlungsmethode (z. B. eine Karte) auf Ihrem Konto speichern, das Sie und andere Microsoft-Konto-Inhaber zum Tätigen von Käufen bei Microsoft oder seinen verbundenen Unternehmen verwenden, können Ihre Kaufbelege außerdem an alle anderen Personen weitergegeben werden, die die gleiche Zahlungsmethode verwenden und Zugriff auf diese haben, um einen Kauf bei Microsoft zu tätigen, einschließlich der Zahlungsmethode des benannten Kontoinhabers. Wenn Sie Push-Benachrichtigungen für Microsoft-Produkte oder -Anwendungen auf einem Nicht-Windows-Gerät zulassen, verarbeitet das Betriebssystem dieses Geräts einige personenbezogene Daten, um Push-Benachrichtigungen bereitzustellen. Entsprechend kann Microsoft Daten an einen externen Drittanbieter-Benachrichtigungsanbieter senden, um Push-Benachrichtigungen zu übermitteln. Die Push-Benachrichtigungsdienste Ihres Geräts unterliegen ihren eigenen dienstspezifischen Nutzungsbedingungen und Datenschutzbestimmungen.
Wir geben personenbezogene Daten auch für digitale Werbezwecke weiter. Wenn Sie eine Website besuchen oder eine App  verwenden, die Ihnen Werbung zeigen möchte, kann das digitale Objekt Microsoft den Zugriff auf oder den Erhalt von Gerätedaten oder bestimmten anderen Daten ermöglichen, die im Abschnitt Personenbezogene Daten, die wir erfassen oben aufgeführt sind. Wir können diese Informationen dann an Drittanbieter-Werbeplattformen und Werbetreibende weitergeben, um die Bereitstellung und Messung von Anzeigen auf solchen digitalen Objekten zu erleichtern.  Weitere Informationen über die Verwendung Ihrer Daten für Werbezwecke finden Sie in den Abschnitten Werbung und Datenschutz in den US-Bundesstaaten weiter unten.
Darüber hinaus teilen wir personenbezogene Daten mit Microsoft-kontrollierten verbundenen Unternehmen und Tochtergesellschaften. Wir teilen auch personenbezogene Daten mit Lieferanten oder Agenten, die in unserem Namen für die hier beschriebenen Zwecke tätig sind. Zum Beispiel benötigen Unternehmen, die wir beauftragt haben, um den Kundendienst zu unterstützen oder um zu helfen, die Sicherung unserer Systeme und Dienstleistungen zu schützen, Zugang zu personenbezogenen Daten, um diese Funktionen bereitzustellen. In solchen Fällen müssen diese Unternehmen unsere Datenschutz- und Sicherheitsbestimmungen einhalten und dürfen die von uns erhaltenen, personenbezogenen Daten nicht für andere Zwecke verwenden. Des Weiteren kann Microsoft personenbezogene Daten im Rahmen seines unternehmerischen Handelns wie z. B. einer Fusion oder der Veräußerung von Vermögenswerten weitergeben.
Schließlich werden wir personenbezogene Daten, einschließlich Ihrer Inhalte (z. B. den Inhalt Ihrer E-Mails in Outlook.com oder Dateien in privaten Ordnern auf OneDrive) sichern, lesen, übertragen oder offenlegen, wenn wir davon überzeugt sind, dass dies aus folgenden Gründen notwendig ist:
Wir sind dazu nach geltendem Recht gezwungen oder müssen auf gültige rechtliche Anforderungen reagieren, z. B. von Strafverfolgungs- oder anderen Regierungsbehörden.
Die Sicherheit unserer Kunden, Organisationen und der Öffentlichkeit schützen – zum Beispiel, um Spam oder Betrugsversuche oder anderweitige Schäden zu verhindern oder um schädliches oder illegales Verhalten, einschließlich der Erstellung und Weitergabe schädlicher oder illegaler Inhalte, zu erkennen, zu verhindern und zu bekämpfen.
Wir müssen die Sicherheit unserer Produkte gewährleisten oder einen Angriff auf unsere Computersysteme oder Netzwerke verhindern oder stoppen.
Wir müssen die Rechte oder das Eigentum von Microsoft oder die Voraussetzungen zur Nutzung der Dienste schützen. Wenn wir jedoch Informationen erhalten, dass jemand unsere Dienstleistungen für den Handel mit gestohlenem geistigem oder physischem Eigentum von Microsoft benutzt, werden wir Privatinhalte eines Kunden nicht selbst inspizieren, sondern die Angelegenheit an die Strafverfolgungsbehörden weiterleiten.
Weitere Informationen über Daten, die wir als Reaktion auf Anfragen von Strafverfolgungsbehörden und anderen staatlichen Stellen offenlegen, finden Sie in unserem Bericht
Anfragen von Strafverfolgungsbehörden
.
Beachten Sie, dass einige unserer Produkte den Zugriff auf Produkte von Drittanbietern ermöglichen (z. B. über Links), deren Datenschutzpraktiken sich von denen von Microsoft unterscheiden. Wenn Sie personenbezogene Daten an eines dieser Produkte übermitteln, unterliegen Ihre Daten den zugehörigen Datenschutzrichtlinien.
Zusammenfassung anzeigen
Weitere Infos
Zurück zum Anfang
Verwalten Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten
Sie können auch darüber entscheiden, wie Microsoft Ihre Daten erfasst und nutzt. Sie können Ihre personenbezogenen Daten, die Microsoft erworben hat, kontrollieren und die Datenschutzrechte ausüben, indem Sie sich an Microsoft wenden oder verschiedene Tools verwenden, die wir bereitstellen. In einigen Fällen sind Ihre Möglichkeiten zur Verwaltung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten eingeschränkt, je nachdem, ob dies gesetzlich vorgeschrieben oder zulässig ist. Wie Sie auf Ihre Daten zugreifen oder diese verwalten können, hängt auch davon ab, welche Produkte Sie verwenden. Sie haben beispielsweise folgende Möglichkeiten:
Steuern Sie die Verwendung Ihrer Daten für personalisierte Werbung von Microsoft, einschließlich Xandr, indem Sie unsere
Abmeldeseite
besuchen.
Sie können wählen, ob Sie Werbe-E-Mails, SMS-Nachrichten, Anrufe und Post von Microsoft erhalten möchten.
Sie können auf einige Ihrer Daten über das
Microsoft-Datenschutzdashboard
zugreifen und sie löschen.
Nicht alle von Microsoft verarbeiteten personenbezogenen Daten können über die oben genannten Tools abgerufen oder verwaltet werden. Wenn Sie auf von Microsoft verarbeitete personenbezogene Daten zugreifen möchten, die nicht über die oben genannten Tools oder direkt über die von Ihnen verwendeten Microsoft-Produkte verfügbar sind, können Sie sich jederzeit an Microsoft unter der Adresse im Abschnitt
Kontaktaufnahme
oder über unser
Webformular
wenden.
Wir stellen aggregierte Metriken zu Benutzeranforderungen zur Ausübung Ihrer Datenschutzrechte im
Microsoft-Datenschutzbericht
zur Verfügung.
Sie können auch darüber entscheiden, wie Microsoft Ihre Daten erfasst und nutzt. Sie können Ihre personenbezogenen Daten, die Microsoft erworben hat, kontrollieren und die Datenschutzrechte ausüben, indem Sie sich an Microsoft wenden oder verschiedene Tools verwenden, die wir bereitstellen. In einigen Fällen sind Ihre Möglichkeiten zur Verwaltung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten eingeschränkt, je nachdem, ob dies gesetzlich vorgeschrieben oder zulässig ist. Wie Sie auf Ihre Daten zugreifen oder diese verwalten können, hängt auch davon ab, welche Produkte Sie verwenden. Sie haben beispielsweise folgende Möglichkeiten:
Kontrollieren Sie die Verwendung Ihrer Daten für personalisierte Werbung von Microsoft, indem Sie unsere
Kündigungsseite
besuchen.
Sie können wählen, ob Sie Werbe-E-Mails, SMS-Nachrichten, Anrufe und Post von Microsoft erhalten möchten.
Über das
Microsoft Datenschutz-Dashboard
können Sie auf einige Ihrer Daten zugreifen und sie löschen.
Nicht alle von Microsoft verarbeiteten personenbezogenen Daten können über die oben genannten Tools abgerufen oder verwaltet werden. Wenn Sie auf von Microsoft verarbeitete personenbezogene Daten zugreifen oder diese kontrollieren möchten, die nicht über die oben genannten Tools oder direkt über die von Ihnen verwendeten Microsoft-Produkte verfügbar sind, können Sie sich jederzeit an Microsoft unter der Adresse im Abschnitt
Kontaktaufnahme
oder über unser
Webformular
wenden.
Über den
Microsoft-Datenschutzbericht
stellen wir aggregierte Metriken über Nutzeranfragen zur Ausübung ihrer Datenschutzrechte zur Verfügung.
Sie können Ihre personenbezogenen Daten mit Tools verwalten, die Microsoft für Sie bereitstellt und die nachfolgend beschrieben werden, oder indem Sie sich an Microsoft wenden. Beispiel:
Wenn Microsoft Ihre Zustimmung zur Nutzung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten erhalten hat, können Sie diese Zustimmung jederzeit zurückziehen.
Sie können den Zugriff auf Ihre personenbezogenen Daten anfordern, diese löschen und aktualisieren.
Wenn Sie Ihre Daten an anderer Stelle weiterleiten möchten, können Sie die Tools zu diesem Zweck von Microsoft verwenden oder wenn keine verfügbar sind, können Sie Microsoft kontaktieren, um Unterstützung zu erhalten.
Sie können der Verwendung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten durch Microsoft auch widersprechen oder die Verwendung einschränken. Beispielsweise können Sie unserer Verwendung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten für Folgendes jederzeit widersprechen:
Direkte Marketingzwecke.
Wenn wir eine Aufgabe im öffentlichen Interesse wahrnehmen oder unsere berechtigten Interessen oder die eines Dritten verfolgen.
Sind haben eventuell das Recht nach geltendem Recht, einschließlich der Datenschutz-Grundverordnung (General Data Protection Regulation, GDPR) der Europäischen Union. Wir bieten diese, unabhängig von Ihrem Standort, an. In einigen Fällen sind Ihre Möglichkeiten zur Verwaltung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten eingeschränkt, je nachdem, ob dies gesetzlich vorgeschrieben oder zulässig ist.
Wenn Ihre Organisation, z. B. Ihr Arbeitgeber, Ihre Schule oder Ihr Dienstanbieter Ihnen Zugriff auf Microsoft-Produkte ermöglicht und deren Verwendung steuert, wenden Sie sich an Ihre Organisation, um weitere Informationen darüber zu erhalten, wie Sie Ihre personenbezogenen Daten verwalten können.
Sie können Ihre personenbezogenen Daten, die Microsoft erworben hat, kontrollieren und darauf zugreifen, und die Datenschutzrechte auszuüben, indem Sie verschiedene Tools verwenden, die wir bereitstellen. Die nützlichsten Tools für Sie hängen von unserer Interaktionen mit Ihnen und Ihrer Verwendung unserer Produkte ab. Hier ist eine allgemeine Liste der Tools, die wir bereitstellen, damit Sie Ihre personenbezogenen Daten steuern. Bestimmte Produkte bieten weitere Steuerelemente.
Bing.
Wenn Sie bei Bing angemeldet sind, können Sie Ihren gespeicherten Such- und Chatverlauf in Ihrem
Datenschutz-Dashboard
einsehen und löschen. Wenn Sie nicht bei Bing angemeldet sind, können Sie den mit Ihrem Gerät verknüpften gespeicherten Suchverlauf in Ihren
Bing-Einstellungen
anzeigen und löschen.
Microsoft-Konto.
Wenn Sie auf die Profil- und Zahlungsinformationen in Ihrem Microsoft-Konto zugreifen, diese bearbeiten oder entfernen, Ihr Kennwort ändern, Sicherheitsinformationen hinzufügen oder Ihr Konto schließen möchten, können Sie dies auf der Website
Microsoft-Konto
tun.
Wenn Sie ein
Microsoft Developer Network
(MSDN)-Profil haben, können Sie auf Ihre Daten zugreifen und sie bearbeiten, indem Sie sich beim
MSDN-Forum
anmelden.
Microsoft-Datenschutzdashboard
. Sie können einige der Daten, die Microsoft verarbeitet, durch die Verwendung eines Microsoft-Kontos auf dem
Microsoft Datenschutz-Dashboard
kontrollieren. Dort können Sie beispielsweise Browser-, Such- und Positionsdaten, die mit Ihrem Microsoft-Konto verknüpft sind, anzeigen und löschen.
Microsoft Store.
Sie können auf Ihr Microsoft Store-Profil und Ihre Kontoinformationen zugreifen, indem Sie
Microsoft Store
besuchen und
Konto ansehen
oder
Bestellverlauf auswählen.
Microsoft Teams für den persönlichen Gebrauch.
Sie können herausfinden, wie Sie Teams-Daten, die sich auf Ihr persönliches Microsoft-Konto beziehen, exportieren oder löschen können, indem Sie diese
Seite
besuchen.
OneDrive.
Sie können Ihre Dateien und Fotos in OneDrive ansehen, herunterladen und löschen, indem Sie sich bei Ihrem
OneDrive
anmelden.
Outlook.com.
Sie können Ihre E-Mails in
Outlook.com
herunterladen, indem Sie sich bei Ihrem Konto anmelden und zu Ihren
Datenschutz- und Daten
-Einstellungen navigieren.
Skype
. Wenn Sie auf einige Profil- und Zahlungsinformationen für Skype zugreifen, diese bearbeiten oder entfernen oder Ihr Kennwort ändern möchten,
melden Sie sich bei Ihrem Konto an
. Wenn Sie Ihr Skype-Chat-Protokoll und die in Skype freigegebenen Dateien exportieren möchten, können Sie
eine Kopie anfordern
.
Volumenlizenz-Service-Center (VLSC).
Wenn Sie ein Volumenlizenz-Kunde sind, können Sie Ihre Kontaktinformationen, Abonnement- und Lizenzierungsdaten an einem Ort kontrollieren, indem Sie die
Volumenlizenz-Service-Center-Website
besuchen.
Xbox
. Wenn Sie das Xbox-Netzwerk oder Xbox.com nutzen, können Sie Ihre personenbezogenen Daten, einschließlich Abrechnungs- und Kontoinformationen, Datenschutzeinstellungen und Präferenzen für die Online-Sicherheit und die gemeinsame Nutzung von Daten anzeigen oder bearbeiten, indem Sie auf
Meine Xbox
auf der Xbox-Konsole oder auf der Website Xbox.com zugreifen.
Nicht alle von Microsoft verarbeiteten personenbezogenen Daten können über die oben genannten Tools abgerufen oder verwaltet werden. Wenn Sie auf von Microsoft verarbeitete personenbezogene Daten zugreifen oder diese kontrollieren möchten, die nicht über die oben genannten Tools oder direkt über die von Ihnen verwendeten Microsoft-Produkte verfügbar sind, können Sie sich jederzeit an Microsoft unter der Adresse im Abschnitt
Kontaktaufnahme
oder über unser
Webformular
wenden. Wir werden wie vom geltenden Recht gefordert auf Anfragen reagieren, um Ihre personenbezogenen Daten zu steuern.
Ihre Kommunikationspräferenzen
Sie haben die Wahl, ob Sie Werbemitteilungen von Microsoft per E-Mail, SMS, Briefpost oder Telefon erhalten möchten. Wenn Sie eine Werbe-E-Mail oder SMS-Nachricht von uns erhalten und diese aber in Zukunft nicht mehr erhalten möchten, befolgen Sie einfach die Anweisungen in dieser Nachricht. Sie können auch Entscheidungen über den Erhalt von Werbe-E-Mails, Telefonanrufen und Post treffen, indem Sie sich mit Ihrem persönlichen Microsoft-Konto anmelden und Ihre
Kommunikationsberechtigungen
einsehen, wo Sie Kontaktinformationen aktualisieren, Microsoft-weite Kontaktpräferenzen verwalten, E-Mail-Abonnements abbestellen und auswählen können, ob Ihre Kontaktinformationen an Microsoft-Partner weitergegeben werden sollen. Wenn Sie kein persönliches Microsoft-Konto haben, können Sie Ihre Microsoft-E-Mail-Kontaktpräferenzen mit diesem
Webformular
verwalten. Diese Auswahlmöglichkeiten gelten nicht für obligatorische Dienstkommunikationen, die Teil gewisser Microsoft-Produkte, Programme und Aktivitäten sind, oder für Umfragen und andere informative Kommunikationsformen mit eigenen Kündigungsverfahren.
Ihre Werbeoptionen
Wenn Sie keine personalisierte Werbung von Microsoft, einschließlich Xandr, mehr erhalten möchten, besuchen Sie unsere
Kündigungsseite
. Nach der Ablehnung wird Ihre Auswahl in einem für Ihren Computer und den verwendeten Webbrowser spezifischen Cookie gespeichert. Dieses Opt-Out-Cookie hat eine Gültigkeit von fünf Jahren. Falls Sie Cookies auf Ihrem Computer löschen, muss die Ablehnung wiederholt werden.
Sie können Ihre Opt-Out-Wahl auch mit Ihrem persönlichen Microsoft-Konto verknüpfen. Diese gilt dann für jedes Gerät, auf dem Sie dieses Konto verwenden, und bleibt bestehen, bis Sie sich mit einem anderen persönlichen Microsoft-Konto an diesem Gerät anmelden. Wenn Sie Cookies auf Ihrem Gerät löschen, müssen Sie sich erneut anmelden, damit die Einstellungen angewendet werden. Sie können
unsere externen Werbepartner
im
Hinweis auf die Datenschutzgesetze der US-Bundesstaaten
anzeigen und sich auf unserer Abmelde-
Seite
von der Freigabe von Daten mit Drittanbietern abmelden.
Für von Microsoft kontrollierte Werbung, die in Apps unter Windows angezeigt wird, können Sie die mit Ihrem persönlichen Microsoft-Konto verknüpfte Ablehnung verwenden. Sie können auch die Werbe-ID in den Windows-Einstellungen deaktivieren, um interessenbezogene Werbung abzulehnen.
Da die für die interessenbezogene Werbung verwendeten Daten auch für andere Zwecke benötigt werden (einschließlich der Bereitstellung unserer Produkte, Analysen und der Betrugserkennung), wird durch ein Abmelden der interessenbezogenen Werbung das Erheben dieser Daten nicht beendet. Sie werden weiterhin Werbung erhalten, auch wenn sie möglicherweise weniger relevant für Sie ist.
Sie können den Erhalt interessensbasierter Werbung von Drittanbietern, mit denen wir eine Partnerschaft haben, ablehnen, indem Sie deren Websites aufrufen (siehe oben).
Browserbasierte Steuerungen
Wenn Sie einen Browser verwenden, können Sie Ihre personenbezogenen Daten durch die Verwendung bestimmter Features steuern. Zum Beispiel:
Cookie-Steuerelemente
. Sie können die von Cookies gespeicherten Daten kontrollieren und Ihre Zustimmung zu Cookies widerrufen, indem Sie die im Abschnitt
Cookies
dieser Datenschutzerklärung beschriebenen browserbasierten Cookie-Kontrollen verwenden.
Nachverfolgungsschutz
. Sie können die Daten mithilfe des Tracking-Schutzes im Internet Explorer und Microsoft Edge steuern, die Drittanbieter-Websites über Sie erhalten (Versionen 9 und höher). Dieses Feature blockiert Drittanbieterinhalte, einschließlich der Cookies von allen Websites, die in der Liste für den Tracking-Schutz aufgeführt sind, die Sie hinzufügen.
Browsersteuerung für "Do Not Track."
Einige Browser haben "Do Not Track" (DNT)-Funktionen eingebaut, die den von Ihnen besuchten Websites signalisieren können, dass Sie nicht verfolgt werden möchten. Da es noch keine gemeinsame Verständigung darüber gibt, wie das DNT-Signal interpretiert werden soll, reagieren Microsoft-Dienste momentan nicht auf Browser-DNT-Signale. Wir werden weiterhin mit der Onlinebranche zusammenarbeiten, um eine allgemeine Übereinkunft der DNT-Signale zu definieren. In der Zwischenzeit können Sie die Bandbreite anderer Werkzeuge benutzen, die wir zur Verfügung stellen, um die Datenerfassung und die Nutzung zu steuern, einschließlich der oben beschriebenen Möglichkeit, sich vom Erhalt interessenbezogener Werbung von Microsoft abzumelden.
Zusammenfassung anzeigen
Weitere Infos
Zurück zum Anfang
Cookies und ähnliche Technologien
Cookies sind kleine Textdateien, die auf Ihrem Gerät platziert werden und Daten sammeln, die später von einem Webserver der Domain gelesen werden können, der das Cookie platziert hat. Wir verwenden Cookies und ähnliche Technologien, um Ihre Präferenzen und Einstellungen zu speichern und einzuhalten. So können Sie sich anmelden, interessenbezogene Werbung zulassen, Betrug bekämpfen, die Leistung unserer Produkte analysieren und andere legitime Zwecke erfüllen. Microsoft-Apps verwenden für ähnliche Zwecke zusätzliche Bezeichner, z. B. die Werbe-ID in Windows, die im Abschnitt
Werbe-ID
dieser Datenschutzerklärung beschrieben ist.
Wir verwenden auch Webbeacons, um dabei zu helfen, Cookies zu liefern und Nutzungs- und Leistungsdaten zu erheben. Unsere Websites können Webbeacons, Cookies oder ähnliche Technologien von Microsoft-Tochtergesellschaften und -Partnern sowie Drittanbietern enthalten, z.B. Dienstanbietern, die in unserem Auftrag handeln.
Cookies von Drittanbietern können Folgendes umfassen: Social Media-Cookies, um Ihnen Werbung und Inhalte auf der Grundlage Ihrer Social Media-Profile und Aktivitäten auf unseren Websites zu zeigen; Analytics-Cookies, um besser zu verstehen, wie Sie und andere unsere Websites nutzen, damit wir sie verbessern können und damit Drittanbieter ihre eigenen Produkte und Dienstleistungen verbessern können; Werbe-Cookies, um Ihnen Werbung zu zeigen, die für Sie relevant ist; und erforderliche Cookies, um wesentliche Website-Funktionen durchzuführen. Bei Bedarf holen wir Ihre Zustimmung ein, bevor wir optionale Cookies platzieren oder verwenden, die nicht (i) unbedingt erforderlich sind, um die Website bereitzustellen; oder (ii) um eine Kommunikation zu erleichtern.
Weitere Informationen zur Verwendung von Cookies von Drittanbietern, Webbeacons und Analysediensten sowie zu anderen ähnlichen Technologien auf unseren Websites und Diensten finden Sie weiter unten im Abschnitt "Weitere Informationen". Für eine Liste der Drittanbieter, die Cookies auf unseren Websites bereitstellen (einschließlich der in unserem Auftrag agierenden Dienstanbietern), besuchen Sie bitte unseren
Drittanbieter-Cookies
-Inventar. Auf einigen unserer Websites ist eine Liste von Drittanbietern direkt auf der Website verfügbar. Die Drittanbieter auf diesen Websites sind möglicherweise nicht in der Liste unseres
Drittanbieter-Cookieinventars
enthalten.
Sie haben eine Vielzahl von Tools zum Steuern der Cookies, Webbeacons und ähnlicher Technologien, um die gesammelten Daten zu steuern. Sie können beispielsweise mithilfe der Steuerelemente in Ihrem Internetbrowser festlegen, in welchem Umfang die von Ihnen besuchten Websites Cookies verwenden dürfen, und Zustimmungen widerrufen, indem Sie Cookies löschen oder blockieren.
Cookies sind kleine Textdateien, die auf Ihrem Gerät platziert werden und Daten sammeln, die später von einem Webserver der Domain gelesen werden können, der das Cookie platziert hat. Die Daten bestehen oft aus einer Reihe von Zahlen und Buchstaben, die Ihren Computer eindeutig identifizieren. Es kann jedoch auch weitere Informationen enthalten. Manche Cookies werden von Drittanbietern platziert, die in unserem Auftrag arbeiten. Wir verwenden Cookies und ähnliche Technologien für das Speichern Ihrer Präferenzen und Einstellungen, was Ihre Anmeldung, das Bereitstellen personalisierter Werbung, das Bekämpfen von Betrug, und Analysen, wie unsere Produkte funktionieren sowie andere seriöse Zwecke, erfüllt. Microsoft-Apps verwenden für ähnliche Zwecke zusätzliche Bezeichner, z. B. die Werbe-ID in Windows, und viele unserer Websites und Anwendungen enthalten auch Webbeacons oder ähnliche Technologien, wie unten beschrieben.
Unsere Verwendung von Cookies und ähnlicher Technologien
Je nach Produkt und Kontext verwendet Microsoft Cookies und ähnliche Technologien für verschiedene Zwecke, darunter:
Speichern Ihrer Präferenzen und Einstellungen
. Wir verwenden Cookies zum Speichern Ihrer Präferenzen und Einstellungen auf Ihrem Gerät, und um Ihre Erfahrung zu verbessern. Wenn Sie beispielsweise, je nach Ihren Einstellungen, auf einer Microsoft-Seite Ihre Stadt oder Ihre PLZ eingeben, um lokale Nachrichten oder Wetterinformationen über eine Microsoft-Website zu erhalten, speichern wir diese Angaben möglicherweise in einem Cookie, um Ihnen beim erneuten Aufrufen dieser Seite die relevanten lokalen Informationen anzuzeigen. Das Speichern Ihre Einstellungen in Cookies, z. B. Ihre bevorzugte Sprache, verhindert, dass Sie Ihre Einstellungen wiederholt festlegen müssen. Sollten Sie sich von interessenbezogener Werbung abmelden, dann speichern wir mithilfe eines Cookies Ihre Abmeldungspräferenz auf Ihrem Gerät. Auf ähnliche weise speichern wir in Szenarien, in denen wir Ihr Einverständnis erhalten haben, Cookies auf Ihrem Gerät zu speichern, diese Auswahl in einem Cookie ab.
Anmeldung und Authentifizierung
. Wir verwenden Cookies, um Sie zu authentifizieren. Sobald Sie sich mit Ihrem persönlichen Microsoft-Konto bei einer Website anmelden, werden eine eindeutige ID-Nummer sowie die Uhrzeit Ihrer Anmeldung in einem verschlüsselten Cookie auf Ihrem Gerät gespeichert. Dieses Cookie ermöglicht es Ihnen, verschiedene Seiten innerhalb der Website aufzurufen, ohne sich auf jeder Seite erneut anmelden zu müssen. Sie können ebenfalls Ihre Anmeldeinformationen speichern, damit Sie sich nicht jedes Mal anmelden müssen, wenn Sie zur Website zurückkehren.
Sicherheit
. Wir verwenden Cookies, um Informationen zu verarbeiten, die uns helfen, unsere Produkte zu sichern und Betrug oder Missbrauch aufzudecken.
Speicherung von Informationen, die Sie auf einer Website eingeben
. Wir verwenden Cookies, um Informationen zu speichern, die Sie freigegeben haben. Wenn Sie Informationen an Microsoft übermitteln, indem Sie beispielsweise auf Microsoft-Websites Produkte in einen Einkaufskorb übernehmen, speichern wir diese Informationen in einem Cookie, um den Einkauf zu ermöglichen.
Social Media
. Einige unserer Websites enthalten Cookies für soziale Netzwerke, einschließlich solcher Cookies, die es den im sozialen Netzwerk angemeldeten Benutzern ermöglichen, Inhalte über dieses Netzwerk zu teilen.
Feedback
. Microsoft verwendet Cookies, damit Sie Feedback auf einer Website bereitstellen können.
Interessenbezogene Werbung
. Microsoft setzt Cookies ein, um die Daten Ihrer Onlineaktivität zu erfassen und um Ihre Interessen zu identifizieren, sodass wir Ihnen solche Werbung anzeigen können, die für Sie relevant ist. Sie können den Erhalt von interessenbezogener Werbung von Microsoft ablehnen, wie im Abschnitt
Zugriff auf Ihre persönlichen Daten und Steuerung
in dieser Datenschutzerklärung beschrieben.
Anzeigen von Werbung
. Microsoft verwendet Cookies, um zu erfassen, wie viele Besucher auf eine Anzeige geklickt haben und welche Werbungen Sie sich beispielsweise angesehen haben, damit nicht dieselbe Werbung wiederholt angezeigt wird.
Analyse
. Wir verwenden Cookies von Erst- oder Drittanbietern und andere Bezeichner, die Nutzungs- und Leistungsdaten erheben. Wir benutzen beispielsweise Cookies, um die Zahl der individuellen Besucher einer Webseite oder eines Dienstes zu ermitteln oder um andere Statistiken im Hinblick auf den Betrieb unserer Produkte zu erheben.
Leistung
. Microsoft verwendet Cookies, um die Funktionsweise unserer Produkte zu verstehen und zu verbessern. Beispielsweise verwenden wir Cookies zum Sammeln von Daten, die mit dem Lastenausgleich zusammenhängen. Dies hilft uns, unsere Websites am Laufen zu halten.
Bei Bedarf holen wir Ihre Zustimmung ein, bevor wir optionale Cookies platzieren oder verwenden, die nicht (i) unbedingt erforderlich sind, um die Website bereitzustellen; oder (ii) um eine Kommunikation zu erleichtern. Weitere Informationen finden Sie im Abschnitt „Kontrolle von Cookies“ weiter unten.
Einige der Cookies, die wir normalerweise benutzen, sind im Folgenden aufgeführt. Diese Liste ist nicht vollständig, sondern soll die Hauptgründe verdeutlichen, wieso wir üblicherweise Cookies einsetzen. Wenn Sie eine unserer Websites besuchen, werden einige oder alle der folgenden Cookies bereitgestellt:
MSCC
. Enthält die Benutzeroptionen für die meisten Microsoft-Eigenschaften.
MUID, MC1, MSFPC und MSPTC
. Identifizieren eindeutige Webbrowser, die Microsoft-Websites besuchen. Diese Cookies werden für Werbung, Seitenanalyse und andere betriebliche Zwecke benutzt.
ANON
. Enthält die ANID, die einen eindeutigen Bezeichner darstellt, welcher von Ihrem Microsoft-Konto abgeleitet wurde und für Werbung, Personalisierung und betriebliche Zwecke verwendet wird. Diese wird auch benutzt, um Ihre Auswahl für eine Abmeldung von interessenbezogener Werbung von Microsoft zu erhalten, nachdem Sie diese Abmeldung für Ihr Microsoft-Konto vorgenommen haben.
CC
. Enthält den Ländercode, der über Ihre IP-Adresse bestimmt wurde.
PPAuth, MSPAuth, MSNRPSAuth, KievRPSAuth, WLSSC, MSPProf
. Hilft dabei, Sie zu authentifizieren, wenn Sie sich mit Ihrem Microsoft-Konto anmelden.
MC0
. Erkennt, ob Cookies im Browser aktiviert sind.
MS0
. Identifiziert eine bestimmte Sitzung.
NAP
. Enthält eine verschlüsselte Version folgender Daten: Land/Region, PLZ, Alter, Geschlecht, Sprache und Beruf (falls bekannt), basierend auf Ihrem Profil im Microsoft-Konto.
MH
. Erscheint auf Co-Branding-Websites, auf denen Microsoft eine Partnerschaft mit einem Werbepartner eingegangen ist. Dieses Cookie identifiziert den Anbieter, sodass die richtige Anzeige ausgewählt wird.
childinfo, kcdob, kcrelid, kcru, pcfm
. Enthält Informationen, die das Microsoft-Konto innerhalb der Seiten in Bezug auf Kinderkonten verwendet.
MR
. Dieses Cookie wird von Microsoft verwendet, um das MUID-Cookie zurückzusetzen oder zu aktualisieren.
x-ms-gateway-slice
. Identifiziert ein Gateway für den Lastenausgleich.
TOptOut
. Zeichnet Ihre Entscheidung auf, keine interessenbezogenen Anzeigen von Microsoft geliefert zu bekommen. Wo erforderlich, wird dieses Cookie standardmäßig platziert. Es wird entfernt, wenn Sie interessenbezogener Werbung zustimmen.
ApplicationGatewayAffinity
und
ApplicationGatewayAffinityCORS
. Diese Sitzungscookies werden für den Lastausgleich verwendet und um sicherzustellen, dass die Anfragen für eine Benutzersitzung vom selben Server bearbeitet werden.
Wir können auch die Cookies anderer Microsoft-Tochtergesellschaften, -Unternehmen und -Partner wie LinkedIn und Xandr verwenden.
Cookies von Drittanbietern
Zusätzlich zu den Cookies, die Microsoft beim Besuch unserer Websites festlegt, verwenden wir auch Cookies von Drittanbietern, um die Dienste auf unseren Websites zu verbessern. Einige Drittanbieter können Cookies auch festlegen, wenn Sie Microsoft-Websites besuchen. Zum Beispiel:
Beispielsweise platzieren Unternehmen, die wir für die Seitenanalyse beauftragt haben, Cookies, wenn Sie unsere Websites besuchen.
Unternehmen, die Inhalte wie z. B. Videos, Nachrichten oder Anzeigen bereitstellen, platzieren eigene Cookies auf Microsoft-Websites.
Diese Unternehmen verwenden die Daten, die sie gemäß ihren Datenschutzrichtlinien verarbeiten und die diesen Unternehmen erlauben, Informationen über Ihre Aktivitäten auf Websites, Apps oder Online-Dienste zu sammeln und zu kombinieren.
Je nach Kontext, Dienst oder Produkt sowie ihren Einstellungen und Berechtigungen können die folgenden Arten von Cookies von Drittanbietern verwendet werden:
Social Media-Cookies.
Wir und die Drittanbieter verwenden Social-Media-Cookies, um Ihnen Werbung und Inhalte auf der Grundlage Ihrer Social Media-Profile und den Aktivitäten auf unseren Websites anzuzeigen. Sie werden verwendet, um Ihre Aktivitäten auf unseren Websites mit Ihren Social Media-Profilen zu verknüpfen, damit die Werbung und Inhalte, die Sie auf unseren Websites und in sozialen Medien sehen, ihren Interessen besser entspricht.
Analyse-Cookies.
Wir gestatten Dritten die Verwendung von Analyse-Cookies, um zu verstehen, wie Sie unsere Websites nutzen, damit wir sie verbessern und die Dritten ihre Produkte entwickeln und verbessern können, die sie möglicherweise auf Websites verwenden, die nicht Microsoft gehören oder von Microsoft betrieben werden. Analysecookies werden z. B. verwendet, um Informationen zu den besuchten Seiten und zur Anzahl der Klicks zu sammeln, die Sie zum Ausführen einer Aufgabe benötigen. Diese Cookies können auch für Werbezwecke verwendet werden.
Werbe-Cookies.
Wir und Dritte verwenden Werbe-Cookies, um Ihnen neue Anzeigen zu zeigen, indem sie aufzeichnen, welche Anzeigen Sie bereits gesehen haben. Sie werden auch verwendet, um zu verfolgen, auf welche Anzeigen Sie klicken oder welche Käufe Sie tätigen, nachdem Sie zu auf eine Anzeige mit kostenpflichtigen Produkten geklickt haben, und um Ihnen Werbung anzuzeigen, die für Sie relevanter sind. Sie werden beispielsweise verwendet, um zu erkennen, wann Sie auf eine Anzeige klicken, und um Ihnen Werbung zu zeigen, die auf Ihren Interessen in den sozialen Medien und Ihrem Website-Besuchsverlauf basieren.
Erforderliche Cookies.
Wir verwenden erforderliche Cookies, um wesentliche Funktionen der Website auszuführen. Zum werden beispielsweise verwendet, um Sie anzumelden, Ihre Spracheinstellungen zu speichern, einen Einkaufswagen bereitzustellen, die Leistung zu verbessern, den Datenverkehr zwischen Webservern zu leiten, die Größe Ihres Bildschirms zu erkennen, die Ladezeiten der Seite zu bestimmen und die Besucherzahlen zu messen. Diese Cookies sind erforderlich, damit unsere Websites funktionieren.
Bei Bedarf holen wir Ihre Zustimmung ein, bevor wir optionale Cookies platzieren oder verwenden, die nicht (i) unbedingt erforderlich sind, um die Website bereitzustellen; oder (ii) um eine Kommunikation zu erleichtern.
Für eine Liste der Drittanbieter, die Cookies auf unseren Websites bereitstellen (einschließlich der in unserem Auftrag agierenden Dienstanbietern), besuchen Sie bitte unseren
Drittanbieter-Cookies
-Inventar. Der Drittanbieter-Cookiebestand enthält auch Links zu diesen Drittanbieterwebsites oder Datenschutzhinweisen. Weitere Informationen zu den Datenschutzpraktiken in Bezug auf Cookies, die auf unseren Websites festgelegt werden können, finden Sie auf den Websites von Drittanbietern oder in den Datenschutzhinweisen. Auf einigen unserer Websites ist eine Liste von Drittanbietern direkt auf der Website verfügbar. Die Drittanbieter auf diesen Websites sind möglicherweise nicht in der Liste unseres
Drittanbieter-Cookieinventars
enthalten.
Kontrollieren von Cookies
Die meisten Web-Browser akzeptieren Cookies automatisch, bieten jedoch Steuerungen, die es Ihnen erlauben, diese zu sperren oder zu löschen. In Microsoft Edge können Sie zum Beispiel Cookies blockieren oder löschen, indem Sie
Einstellungen
>
Datenschutz und Dienste
>
Browserdaten löschen
>
Cookies und andere Websitedaten
auswählen. Weitere Informationen zum Löschen von Cookies in Microsoft-Browsern finden Sie unter
Microsoft Edge
,
Vorgängerversion von Microsoft Edge
, oder
Internet Explorer
. Wenn Sie einen anderen Browser verwenden, richten Sie sich bitte nach den Anweisungen für diesen Browser.
Wie oben erwähnt, holen wir bei Bedarf Ihre Zustimmung ein, bevor wir optionale Cookies platzieren oder verwenden, die nicht (i) unbedingt erforderlich sind, um die Website bereitzustellen; oder (ii) um eine Kommunikation zu erleichtern. Wir separieren diese optionalen Cookies, z. B. für Werbezwecke und für soziale Medien, absichtlich. Sie können bestimmten Kategorien optionaler Cookies zustimmen und andere ablehnen. Sie können Ihre Auswahl auch anpassen, indem Sie in der Fußzeile der Website auf “Cookies verwalten” klicken oder die Einstellungen nutzen, die auf der Website bereitgestellt werden. Bestimmte Funktionen von Microsoft-Produkten basieren auf Cookies. Falls Sie sich dazu entscheiden, Cookies zu blockieren, sind Sie möglicherweise nicht in der Lage, sich anzumelden oder diese Funktionen zu verwenden, und Einstellungen, die auf Cookies basieren, gehen können. Wenn Sie Cookies löschen, werden alle Einstellungen, einschließlich Werbeeinstellungen, die von diesen Cookies gesteuert werden, gelöscht und müssen möglicherweise wiederhergestellt werden.
Zusätzliche Datenschutzsteuerelemente, die sich auf Cookies auswirken können, einschließlich des Tracking-Schutz-Features von Microsoft-Browsern, werden im Abschnitt
Zugriff auf Ihrer persönlichen Daten und Steuerung
dieser Datenschutzbestimmungen beschrieben.
Wofür wir Webbeacons und Analysedienste verwenden
Einige Microsoft-Webseiten enthalten elektronische Tags, sogenannte Webbeacons, mit denen wir Cookies auf unseren Websites bereitstellen, Nutzer zählen, die diese Websites besucht haben, und Co-Branded-Produkte liefern. Wir verwenden Webbeacons oder ähnliche Technologien in unseren elektronischen Kommunikationen oder in Newslettern, um zu ermitteln, ob die Nachrichten von Ihnen geöffnet werden und Sie darauf reagieren.
Neben der Platzierung von Webbeacons auf unseren eigenen Websites kooperieren wir manchmal mit anderen Unternehmen, indem wir unsere Webbeacons auf deren Websites oder in deren Werbung platzieren. Dies hilft uns beispielsweise, Statistiken darüber zu erstellen, wie oft das Klicken auf eine Anzeige auf einer Microsoft-Website zu einem Kauf oder einer anderen Aktion auf der Website des Inserenten führt. Zudem können wir Ihre Aktivitäten auf der Website eines Microsoft-Partners in Verbindung mit Ihrer Nutzung eines Microsoft-Produkts oder -Dienstes besser verstehen.
Schließlich enthalten Microsoft-Produkte häufig Webbeacons oder ähnliche Technologien von Drittanbietern für Analysen, die uns dabei helfen, zusammengefasste Statistiken über die Wirksamkeit unserer Werbekampagnen oder anderen Operationen zu kompilieren. Diese Technologien ermöglichen es den Analytics-Anbietern, ihre eigenen Cookies oder anderen Identifikatoren auf Ihrem Gerät festzulegen oder zu lesen, wodurch diese Informationen zu ihren Onlineaktivitäten in allen Anwendungen sowie auf allen Websites oder anderen Produkten sammeln können. Allerdings verbieten wir den Anbietern von Analysen, die Webbeacons auf unseren Seiten zu verwenden, um Informationen zu erheben oder darauf zuzugreifen, durch die Sie direkt identifiziert werden können (wie Name oder E-Mail-Adresse). Sie können die Datensammlung oder die Verwendung durch einige dieser Analyseanbieter deaktivieren, indem Sie eine der folgenden Websites besuchen:
Adjust
,
AppsFlyer
,
Clicktale
,
Flurry Analytics
,
Google Analytics
(erfordert die Installation eines Browser-Add-Ons),
Kissmetrics
,
Mixpanel
,
Nielsen
,
Acuity Ads
,
WebTrends
, oder
Optimizely
.
Weitere ähnliche Technologien
Zusätzlich zu den standardmäßigen Cookies und Webbeacons können unsere Produkte auch weitere, ähnliche Technologien benutzen, um Dateien auf Ihrem Computer zu speichern und zu lesen. Dies geschieht üblicherweise, um Ihre Präferenzen zu speichern oder die Geschwindigkeit und die Leistung zu verbessern, indem bestimmte Dateien lokal gespeichert werden. Wie auch bei Standard-Cookies können diese Technologien aber auch dafür benutzt werden, einen eindeutigen Bezeichner auf Ihrem Computer zu speichern, die dazu verwendet werden kann, Ihr Verhalten nachzuverfolgen. Zu diesen Technologien gehören lokale freigegebene Objekte (oder "Flash-Cookies") und Silverlight-Anwendungsspeicher.
Lokale freigegebene Objekte oder "Flash-Cookies"
Websites, die Adobe Flash-Technologien verwenden, können lokale freigegebene Objekte oder "Flash-Cookies" verwenden, um Daten auf Ihrem Computer zu speichern. Informationen zum Verwalten oder Blockieren von Flash-Cookies finden Sie auf der
Flash Player-Hilfeseite
.
Silverlight-Anwendungsspeicher
. Websites oder Anwendungen, die mit der Microsoft-Silverlight-Technologie arbeiten, sind auch in der Lage, Daten im Silverlight-Anwendungsspeicher abzulegen. Informationen zum Verwalten oder Blockieren eines solchen Speichers finden Sie im Abschnitt
Silverlight
dieser Datenschutzerklärung.
Zusammenfassung anzeigen
Weitere Infos
Zurück zum Anfang
Von Ihrer Organisation bereitgestellte Produkte – Hinweis für Endbenutzer
Wenn Sie ein Microsoft-Produkt mit einem Konto verwenden, das von einer mit Ihnen verbundenen Organisation bereitgestellt wird, wie z. B. Ihr Arbeits- oder Schulkonto, gilt für diese Organisation Folgendes:
Sie kann Ihr Microsoft-Produkt und -Produktkonto steuern und verwalten, einschließlich der Datenschutzeinstellungen des Produkts oder Produktkontos.
Sie kann auf Ihre Daten zugreifen und diese verarbeiten, einschließlich der Interaktions- und Diagnosedaten sowie der Inhalte Ihrer Mitteilungen und Dateien, die Ihrem Microsoft-Produkt und -Produktkonto zugeordnet sind.
Wenn Sie den Zugriff auf Ihr Arbeits- oder Schulkonto verlieren (z. B. weil Sie den Arbeitgeber wechseln), verlieren Sie möglicherweise den Zugriff auf Produkte (und deren Inhalte), die Sie zwar für sich selbst erworben haben, bei denen Sie sich jedoch mit Ihrem Arbeits- oder Schulkonto angemeldet haben.
Viele Microsoft-Produkte sind für die Verwendung in Organisationen, z. B. Schulen und Unternehmen vorgesehen. Weitere Informationen finden Sie im Abschnitt
Produkte für Unternehmen und Entwickler
dieser Datenschutzerklärung. Wenn Ihre Organisation Ihnen Zugriff auf Microsoft-Produkte bietet, unterliegt die Verwendung der Microsoft-Produkte den Richtlinien Ihres Unternehmens, sofern vorhanden. Sie sollten Ihre Privatsphäre-Anfragen, inklusive aller Anfragen über Ihre Datenschutzrechte an den Administrator Ihrer Organisation stellen. Wenn Sie die sozialen Eigenschaften der Microsoft-Produkte verwenden, können andere Benutzer in Ihrem Netzwerk einige Ihrer Aktivitäten sehen. Um mehr über die sozialen Eigenschaften und andere Funktionen zu erfahren, überprüfen Sie bitte die Dokumentation oder den spezifischen Hilfeinhalt für dieses Microsoft-Produkt. Microsoft ist nicht für die Datenschutz- oder Sicherheitspraktiken seiner Kunden, die von denen dieser Richtlinien abweichen können, verantwortlich.
Wenn Sie ein von Ihrem Unternehmen bereitgestelltes Microsoft-Produkt verwenden, wird die Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten durch Microsoft im Zusammenhang mit diesem Produkt durch einem Vertrag zwischen Microsoft und Ihrem Unternehmen geregelt. Microsoft verarbeitet Ihre personenbezogenen Daten, um das Produkt Ihrem Unternehmen und Ihnen zur Verfügung zu stellen, sowie in einigen Fällen für die legitimen Geschäftsabläufe von Microsoft im Zusammenhang mit der Bereitstellung des Produkts, wie im Abschnitt
Produkte für Unternehmen und Entwicklerprodukte
beschrieben. Wenn Sie Fragen zur Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten durch Microsoft im Zusammenhang mit der Bereitstellung von Produkten für Ihr Unternehmen haben, wenden Sie sich bitte, wie oben erwähnt, an Ihr Unternehmen. Wenn Sie Fragen zum Geschäftsablauf von Microsoft in Verbindung mit der Bereitstellung von Produkten für Ihre Organisation gemäß den Produktbedingungen haben, wenden Sie sich bitte wie im Abschnitt
So kontaktieren Sie uns
beschrieben an Microsoft. Weitere Informationen über unsere Geschäftsabläufe finden Sie im Abschnitt
Produkte für Unternehmen und Entwickler
.
Für Microsoft-Produkte, die von Ihrer K-12-Schule bereitgestellt werden, einschließlich Microsoft 365 Education, wird Microsoft:
neben den für autorisierte Bildungs- oder Schulzwecke erforderlichen Daten keine personenbezogenen Daten von Schülern/Studenten erfassen oder verwenden,
personenbezogene Daten von Schülern/Studenten weder verkaufen noch verleihen,
personenbezogene Daten von Schülern/Studenten weder zu Werbezwecken noch zu ähnlichen kommerziellen Zwecken wie Behavioral Targeting von Werbung für Schüler/Studenten verwenden oder freigegeben,
kein persönliches Profil eines Schülers/Studenten erstellen, es sei denn, dies dient der Unterstützung autorisierter Bildungs- oder Schulzwecke oder ist von den Eltern, Erziehungsberechtigten oder Schülern/Studenten im angemessenen Alter genehmigt, und
seine Anbieter, an die personenbezogene Daten von Schülern/Studenten ggf. zur Erbringung der Bildungsdienstleistung weitergegeben werden, dazu verpflichten, dieselben Verpflichtungen für personenbezogene Daten der Schüler/Studenten zu erfüllen.
Zurück zum Anfang
Microsoft-Konto
Mit einem Microsoft-Konto können Sie sich sowohl bei den Microsoft-Produkten als auch bei den von Microsoft ausgewählten Partnern anmelden. Personenbezogene Daten, die mit Ihrem Microsoft-Konto verknüpft sind, enthalten Anmeldeinformationen, Name und Kontaktdaten, Zahlungsdaten, Geräte- und Nutzungsdaten, Ihre Kontakte, Informationen über Ihre Aktivitäten und Ihre Interessen und Favoriten. Das Anmelden bei Ihrem Microsoft-Konto ermöglicht eine Personalisierung, bietet konsistente Erfahrungen für Produkte und Geräte und ermöglicht es Ihnen, Zugang zum Cloud-Datenspeicher zu erhalten und diesen zu verwenden, mithilfe der in Ihrem Microsoft-Konto gespeicherten Zahlungsmittel zu bezahlen und andere erweiterte Features und Einstellungen zu nutzen.
Es gibt drei Arten von Microsoft-Konten:
Wenn Sie Ihr eigenes Microsoft-Konto erstellen, beziehen wir uns auf dieses Konto als ein
persönliches Microsoft-Konto
.
Wenn Ihr Microsoft-Konto von Ihnen oder Ihrer Organisation (beispielsweise Ihrer Schule oder Ihrem Arbeitgeber) angelegt wird und mit der E-Mail-Adresse der Organisation verknüpft ist, beziehen wir uns auf dieses Konto als
Arbeits- oder Schulkonto
.
Wenn Ihr Microsoft-Konto von einem Dienstanbieter (beispielsweise dem Kabel- oder Internetdienstanbieter) angelegt wird und mit der E-Mail-Adresse des Dienstanbieters verknüpft ist, beziehen wir uns auf dieses Konto als
Drittanbieterkonto
.
Wenn Sie sich bei einem Drittanbieterdienst mit Ihrem Microsoft-Konto anmelden, werden Sie mit diesem Drittanbieter die von diesem Dienst benötigten Kontodaten teilen.
Mit einem Microsoft-Konto können Sie sich sowohl bei den Microsoft-Produkten als auch bei den von Microsoft ausgewählten Partnern anmelden. Personenbezogene Daten, die mit Ihrem Microsoft-Konto verknüpft sind, enthalten Anmeldeinformationen, Name und Kontaktdaten, Zahlungsdaten, Geräte- und Nutzungsdaten, Ihre Kontakte, Informationen über Ihre Aktivitäten und Ihre Interessen und Favoriten. Das Anmelden bei Ihrem Microsoft-Konto ermöglicht eine Personalisierung, bietet konsistente Erfahrungen für Produkte und Geräte und ermöglicht es Ihnen, Zugang zum Cloud-Datenspeicher zu erhalten und diesen zu verwenden, mithilfe der in Ihrem Microsoft-Konto gespeicherten Zahlungsmittel zu bezahlen und andere erweiterte Features und Einstellungen zu nutzen. Es gibt drei Arten von Microsoft-Konten:
Wenn Sie Ihr eigenes Microsoft-Konto erstellen, das mit Ihrer persönlichen E-Mail-Adresse verknüpft ist, bezeichnen wir dieses Konto als
persönliches Microsoft-Konto
.
Wenn Sie oder Ihre Organisation (z. B. ein Arbeitgeber oder Ihre Schule) Ihr Microsoft-Konto erstellen, das mit Ihrer von dieser Organisation bereitgestellten E-Mail-Adresse verknüpft ist, bezeichnen wir dieses Konto als
Geschäfts-, Schul- oder Unikonto
.
Wenn Sie oder Ihr Dienstanbieter (z. B. ein Kabel- oder Internetdienstanbieter) Ihr Microsoft-Konto erstellen, das an Ihre E-Mail-Adresse mit der Domäne Ihres Dienstanbieters gebunden ist, bezeichnen wir dieses Konto als
Drittanbieterkonto
.
Persönliche Microsoft-Konten
. Die Daten in Zusammenhang mit Ihrem persönlichen Microsoft-Konto, und wie diese Daten verwendet werden, hängt davon ab, wie Sie das Konto verwenden.
Erstellen Ihres Microsoft-Kontos
. Sobald Sie ein persönliches Microsoft-Konto erstellen, werden Sie nach bestimmten, personenbezogenen Daten gefragt und wir werden Ihnen eine eindeutige ID-Nummer zuweisen, um Ihr Konto und die zugehörigen Informationen zu identifizieren. Während einige Produkte (z. B. solche für Zahlungsvorgänge) einen richtigen Namen erfordern, können Sie sich bei anderen Microsoft-Produkten anmelden und diese verwenden, ohne dass Sie Ihren richtigen Namen angeben müssen. Einige Daten, die Sie bereitstellen, wie beispielsweise Ihr Anzeigename, Ihre E-Mail-Adresse und Telefonnummer, können dazu verwendet werden, anderen dabei zu helfen, Sie innerhalb der Microsoft-Produkte zu finden und sich mit Ihnen zu verbinden. Wenn Personen Ihren Anzeigenamen, Ihre E-Mail-Adresse oder Telefonnummer kennen, können sie anhand dieser Daten auf Skype oder Microsoft Teams für die private Nutzung nach Ihnen suchen und Ihnen eine Einladung zur Kontaktaufnahme senden. Beachten Sie, dass, wenn Sie eine Arbeits- oder Schul-E-Mail-Adresse erstellen, um ein persönliches Microsoft-Konto zu erstellen, Ihr Arbeitgeber oder Ihre Schule auf Ihre Daten zugreifen kann. In einigen Fällen müssen Sie die E-Mail-Adresse in eine persönliche E-Mail-Adresse ändern, um weiterhin auf verbraucherorientierte Produkte (z. B. das Xbox-Netzwerk) zugreifen zu können.
Anmelden bei einem Microsoft-Konto
. Sobald Sie sich bei Ihrem Microsoft-Konto anmelden, erstellen wir eine Aufzeichnung dieses Anmeldevorgangs, der das Datum und die Uhrzeit, Informationen über das Produkt, bei dem Sie sich angemeldet haben, Ihren Anmeldenamen, die eindeutige Nummer, die Ihrem Konto zugewiesen wurde, den eindeutigen Bezeichner, der Ihrem Gerät zugewiesen wurde, Ihre IP-Adresse und Ihr Betriebssystem sowie die Browser-Version enthält.
Anmelden bei Microsoft-Produkten
. Das Anmelden bei Ihrem Konto ermöglicht eine verbesserte Personalisierung, bietet nahtlose und konsistente Erfahrungen für Produkte und Geräte und ermöglicht es Ihnen, Zugang zum Cloud-Datenspeicher zu erhalten und diesen zu verwenden, mithilfe der in Ihrem Microsoft-Konto gespeicherten Zahlungsmittel zu bezahlen und andere erweiterte Features und Einstellungen zu nutzen. Microsoft stellt beispielsweise bei Ihrer Anmeldung in Ihrem Konto gespeicherte Informationen für Microsoft-Produkte zur Verfügung, damit wichtige Dinge genau dort sind, wo Sie sie benötigen. Nachdem Sie sich bei Ihrem Konto angemeldet haben, bleiben Sie angemeldet, bis Sie sich abmelden. Wenn Sie Ihr Microsoft-Konto einem Windows-Gerät (Version 8 oder höher) hinzufügen, meldet Windows Sie automatisch bei Produkten an, die ein Microsoft-Konto verwenden, wenn Sie auf diese Produkte auf diesem Gerät zugreifen. Sobald Sie angemeldet sind, werden einige Produkte Ihren Namen oder Benutzernamen und Ihr Profilfoto als Teil Ihrer Nutzung der Microsoft-Produkte, einschließlich in Ihren Kommunikationen, sozialen Interaktionen und öffentlichen Beiträgen anzeigen (falls Sie diese Ihrem Profil hinzugefügt haben).
Erfahren Sie mehr über Ihr Microsoft-Konto, Ihre Daten und Ihre Auswahlmöglichkeiten
.
Anmelden bei Drittanbieterprodukten
. Wenn Sie sich bei einem Drittanbieterprodukt mit Ihrem Microsoft-Konto anmelden, werden Sie Daten für den Drittanbieter gemäß den Datenschutzrichtlinien des Drittanbieters freigeben. Der Drittanbieter erhält außerdem die Versionsnummer, die Ihrem Konto zugeordnete wurde (eine neue Versionsnummer wird immer dann zugewiesen, wenn Sie Ihre Anmeldedaten ändern); und eine Mitteilung darüber, ob Ihr Konto deaktiviert wurde. Wenn Sie Ihre Profildaten freigeben, kann der Drittanbieter möglicherweise Ihren Anzeigenamen oder Benutzernamen und Ihr Profilfoto (falls Sie ein solches Ihrem Profil hinzugefügt haben) anzeigen, wenn Sie bei dem Drittanbieterprodukt angemeldet sind. Wenn Sie mithilfe Ihres Microsoft-Kontos Zahlungen an Drittanbieter durchführen möchten, gibt Microsoft die in Ihrem Microsoft-Konto gespeicherten Informationen an Drittanbieter oder deren Verkäufer (z. B. Kreditinstitute) weiter, damit Ihre Zahlung verarbeitet und Ihre Bestellung ausgeführt werden kann (z. B. den Namen, eine Kreditkartennummer, Rechnungs- und Lieferadressen und relevante Kontaktinformationen). Der Drittanbieter kann die von Ihnen bei der Anmeldung oder beim Kauf eingegebenen Daten gemäß seiner eigenen Praxis und Richtlinien nutzen.
Sie sollten die Datenschutzerklärung für jedes Produkt, bei dem Sie sich anmelden, und für jeden Händler, bei dem Sie einkaufen, sorgfältig prüfen, um festzustellen, wie die gesammelten Daten verwendet werden
.
Geschäfts-, Schul- oder Unikonten
. Die Daten für ein Geschäfts- oder Schulkonto und wie sie verwendet werden sollen, ist in der Regel ähnlich der Verwendung und der Sammlung der Daten von einem persönlichen Microsoft-Konto.
Wenn Ihr Arbeitgeber oder Ihre Schule Microsoft Entra ID für das für Sie bereitgestellte Konto verwendet, können Sie dieses Konto zur Anmeldung bei Microsoft-Produkten nutzen (z. B. Microsoft 365 und Office 365 oder Drittanbieterprodukte, die von Ihrer Organisation bereitgestellt werden). Falls von Ihrer Organisation gefordert, werden Sie gebeten, eine Telefonnummer oder eine alternative E-Mail-Adresse als zusätzliche Sicherheitsüberprüfung anzugeben. Wenn von Ihrer Organisation zugelassen, können Sie Ihr Arbeits- oder Schulkonto verwenden, um sich bei Microsoft oder Drittanbieterprodukten anzumelden, die Sie für sich selbst erwerben.
Wenn Sie sich bei bestimmten Microsoft-Produkten über ein Arbeits- oder Schulkonto anmelden, gilt Folgendes:
Der Besitzer der mit Ihrer E-Mail-Adresse verbundenen Domäne kann Ihr Konto sowie den Zugang zu Ihren Daten und die Verarbeitung Ihrer Daten, einschließlich der Inhalte Ihrer Mitteilungen und Dateien, kontrollieren und administrieren. Dazu gehören Daten in Produkten, die von Ihrer Organisation bereitgestellt wurden und Produkte, die Sie selbst erworben haben.
Ihre Nutzung der Produkte unterliegt gegebenenfalls den Richtlinien Ihres Unternehmens. Sie sollten sowohl die Richtlinien Ihres Unternehmens als auch die Frage berücksichtigen, ob es in Ihrem Interesse ist, dass Ihre Organisation auf Ihre Daten zugreifen kann, bevor Sie sich bei Produkten, die Sie für sich selbst erwerben, mit Ihrem Arbeits- oder Schulkonto anmelden.
Wenn Sie den Zugriff auf Ihr Arbeits- oder Schulkonto verlieren (z. B. weil Sie den Arbeitgeber wechseln), verlieren Sie möglicherweise den Zugriff auf Produkte (und deren Inhalte), die Sie zwar für sich selbst erworben haben, bei denen Sie sich jedoch mit Ihrem Arbeits- oder Schulkonto angemeldet haben.
Microsoft ist für die Datenschutz- oder Sicherheitspraktiken Ihrer Organisationen, die sich von denen von Microsoft unterschieden können, nicht verantwortlich.
Falls Ihr Unternehmen die Verwaltung für die Nutzung von Microsoft-Produkten vornimmt, richten Sie bitte Ihre Privatsphäre-Anfragen und inklusive aller Anfragen über Ihre Datenschutzrechte an Ihren Administrator. Lesen Sie auch den Abschnitt
Hinweis für Endbenutzer
dieser Datenschutzerklärung.
Wenn Sie nicht sicher sind, ob es sich bei Ihrem Konto um ein Arbeits- oder Schulkonto handelt, wenden Sie sich an Ihre Organisation.
Konten von Drittanbietern
. Die Daten für ein Drittanbieterkonto und wie sie verwendet werden sollen, ist in der Regel ähnlich der Verwendung und der Sammlung der Daten von einem persönlichen Microsoft-Konto. Ihr Dienstanbieter hat Einfluss auf Ihr Konto, einschließlich der Möglichkeit, auf Ihr Konto zuzugreifen oder es zu löschen.
Sie sollten die Ihnen von Drittanbieter zur Verfügung gestellten Bedingungen sorgfältig prüfen, um zu verstehen, was dies für Ihr Konto bedeuten kann.
Zusammenfassung anzeigen
Weitere Infos
Zurück zum Anfang
Erfassung der Daten von Kindern
Benutzer unter dem Alter von 13 Jahren oder dem im jeweiligen Rechtssystem per Gesetz bestimmten Alter werden von bestimmten Microsoft-Produkten und -Diensten entweder blockiert oder aufgefordert, Zustimmung oder Autorisierung von einem Elternteil oder Erziehungsberechtigten einzuholen, bevor sie es verwenden können, einschließlich bei der Erstellung eines Kontos für den Zugriff auf Microsoft-Dienste. Wir werden Kinder unter diesem Alter nicht wissentlich bitten, mehr Daten zur Verfügung zu stellen, als für das Produkt notwendig sind.
Wenn die Zustimmung oder das Einverständnis der Eltern erteilt wurde, wird das Konto ähnlich wie jedes andere Konto behandelt. Weitere Informationen zu persönlichen Konten sowie Schul- und Unikonten finden Sie im Abschnitt zum
Microsoft-Konto
der Datenschutzerklärung und unter
Microsoft Family Safety
im produktspezifischen Abschnitt. Das Kind kann auf Kommunikationsdienste zugreifen, z. B. Outlook und Skype, frei kommunizieren und Daten für andere Benutzer aller Altersklassen freigeben. Eltern oder Erziehungsberechtigte können die zuvor getroffenen Einwilligungsentscheidungen ändern oder widerrufen.
Weitere Informationen über die elterliche Zustimmung und Microsoft-Kinderkonten
. Als Organisator einer Microsoft Familiengruppe kann der Elternteil oder Erziehungsberechtigte die Informationen und Einstellungen seines Kindes auf seiner
Family Safety
-Seite verwalten und die Daten eines Kindes auf seinem
Datenschutzdashboard
anzeigen oder löschen. Konten, für deren Erstellung die Zustimmung der Eltern erforderlich ist, werden automatisch in die Familiengruppe der Person aufgenommen, die die Zustimmung zur Kontoerstellung erteilt hat. Für Kinderkonten, für deren Erstellung keine elterliche Zustimmung erforderlich ist (z. B. für Kinder, die älter als das gesetzlich vorgeschriebene Alter sind), kann der Elternteil oder Erziehungsberechtigte weiterhin eine Familiengruppe verwenden, muss jedoch das Kinderkonto hinzufügen ihre Familiengruppe, nachdem das Konto erstellt wurde. Wählen Sie unten „Weitere Informationen“ aus, um weitere Informationen zum Zugreifen auf und Löschen von Daten von Kindern sowie Informationen zu Kindern und Xbox-Profilen zu erhalten.
Benutzer unter dem Alter von 13 Jahren oder dem im jeweiligen Rechtssystem per Gesetz bestimmten Alter werden von bestimmten Microsoft-Produkten und -Diensten entweder blockiert oder aufgefordert, Zustimmung oder Autorisierung von einem Elternteil oder Erziehungsberechtigten einzuholen, bevor sie es verwenden können, einschließlich bei der Erstellung eines Kontos für den Zugriff auf Microsoft-Dienste. Wir werden Kinder unter diesem Alter nicht wissentlich bitten, mehr Daten zur Verfügung zu stellen, als für das Produkt notwendig sind.
Wenn die Zustimmung oder das Einverständnis der Eltern erteilt wurde, wird das Konto ähnlich wie jedes andere Konto behandelt. Das Kind kann auf Kommunikationsdienste wie Outlook und Skype zugreifen und frei kommunizieren und Daten mit anderen Benutzern aller Altersstufen teilen.
Erfahren Sie mehr über die elterliche Zustimmung und Microsoft-Kinderkonten
.
Eltern oder Erziehungsberechtigte können die zuvor getroffenen Zustimmungsentscheidungen ändern oder widerrufen. Als Organisator einer Microsoft Familiengruppe kann der Elternteil oder Erziehungsberechtigte die Informationen und Einstellungen seines Kindes auf seiner
Family Safety
-Seite verwalten und die Daten eines Kindes auf seinem
Datenschutzdashboard
anzeigen oder löschen. Konten, für deren Erstellung die Zustimmung der Eltern erforderlich ist, werden automatisch in die Familiengruppe der Person aufgenommen, die die Zustimmung zur Kontoerstellung erteilt hat. Für Kinderkonten, für deren Erstellung keine elterliche Zustimmung erforderlich ist (z. B. für Kinder, die älter als das gesetzlich vorgeschriebene Alter sind), können die Eltern oder Erziehungsberechtigten weiterhin eine Familiengruppe verwenden, müssen das Kinderkonto jedoch zu ihrer Gruppe hinzufügen Familiengruppe, nachdem das Konto erstellt wurde. Weitere Informationen zum Zugreifen auf und Löschen von untergeordneten Daten finden Sie unten.
Im Folgenden finden Sie zusätzliche Informationen über die Erfassung von Daten von Kindern, einschließlich weiterer Details im Zusammenhang mit Xbox.
Zugriff auf und Löschen von Kinderdaten
Bei Microsoft-Produkten und -Diensten, die die Zustimmung der Eltern erfordern, können Eltern bestimmte Daten ihres Kindes über das
Datenschutz-Dashboard
der Eltern einsehen und löschen: Browserverlauf, Suchverlauf, Standortaktivität, Medienaktivität, App- und Dienstaktivität sowie Produkt- und Dienstleistungsdaten. Um diese Daten zu löschen, kann sich ein Elternteil beim
Datenschutzdashboard
anmelden und die Aktivitäten seiner Kinder verwalten. Beachten Sie, dass die Fähigkeit eines Elternteils, auf persönliche Informationen eines Kindes in dessen Datenschutzdashboard zuzugreifen und/oder sie zu löschen, je nach den Gesetzen des Landes variiert, in dem Sie sich befinden.
Darüber hinaus kann sich ein Elternteil über das
Datenschutzsupport-Formular
an unser
Datenschutzsupportteam
wenden und nach der Authentifizierung anfordern, dass die Datentypen auf dem Datenschutzdashboard zusammen mit den folgenden Daten gelöscht werden: Software, Setup und Bestand; Gerätekonnektivität und -konfiguration; Feedback und Bewertungen; Fitness und Aktivität; Supportinhalte; Unterstützen von Interaktionen; und Umgebungssensor. Wir verarbeiten authentifizierte Löschanforderungen innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach Erhalt.
Bitte beachten Sie, dass Inhalte wie E-Mails, Kontakte und Chats über produktinterne Erfahrungen zugänglich sind. Weitere Informationen zu Daten, die Sie in Microsoft-Produkten steuern können, finden Sie in unseren
häufig gestellten Fragen zum Datenschutz
.
Wenn das Konto Ihres Kindes nicht Teil Ihrer Microsoft Family-Gruppe ist und Sie keinen Zugriff auf die Aktivitäten Ihres Kindes in Ihrem Datenschutzdashboard haben, müssen Sie über das
Datenschutzsupport-Formular
eine Anfrage im Zusammenhang mit den Daten Ihres Kindes übermitteln. Das Datenschutzteam fordert zur Kontoüberprüfung auf, bevor die Anforderung erfüllt wird.
Um alle persönlichen Informationen Ihres Kindes zu löschen, müssen Sie die Löschung des Kontos des Kindes über das
Formular zum Schließen Ihres Kontos
anfordern. Über diesen Link werden Sie aufgefordert, sich mit den Kontoanmeldeinformationen Ihres Kindes anzumelden. Überprüfen Sie, ob auf der Seite die richtigen Microsoft-Konto angezeigt werden, und befolgen Sie dann die Anweisungen, um die Löschung ihres Kinderkontos anzufordern.
Weitere Informationen zum Schließen eines Microsoft-Kontos
.
Nachdem Sie die Anforderung zum Schließen des Kontos Ihres Kindes übermittelt haben, warten wir 60 Tage, bevor wir das Konto endgültig löschen, falls Sie Ihre Meinung ändern oder auf ein Konto zugreifen müssen, bevor es endgültig geschlossen und gelöscht wird. In dieser Zeit ist das Konto zur Schließung und endgültigen Löschung markiert, aber immer noch vorhanden. Wenn Sie das Microsoft-Konto Ihres Kindes wieder öffnen möchten, melden Sie sich einfach innerhalb des Zeitraums von 60 Tagen erneut an. Wir brechen die Kontoschließung ab, und das Konto wird wiederhergestellt.
Was ist Xbox?
Xbox ist die Spiele- und Unterhaltungsabteilung von Microsoft. Xbox hostet ein Onlinenetzwerk, das aus Software besteht, und Onlineerfahrungen über mehrere Plattformen hinweg ermöglicht. Mit diesem Netzwerk kann Ihr Kind Spiele suchen und spielen, Inhalte anzeigen und sich mit Freunden auf Xbox und anderen Spiel- und sozialen Netzwerken verbinden.
Wenn sich Benutzer bei Xbox, in Apps, Spielen oder auf einer Xbox-Konsole anmelden, weisen wir ihrem Gerät einen eindeutigen Bezeichner zu. Wenn ihre Xbox-Konsole beispielsweise mit dem Internet verbunden ist, und sie melden sich bei der Konsole an, dann stellen wir fest, welche Konsole und welche Version des Betriebssystems der Konsole sie verwenden.
Xbox bietet weiterhin neue Anwendungen in Client-Apps, die mit Diensten wie Xbox-Netzwerk und Cloud-Spielen verbunden sind und von diesen unterstützt werden. Wenn Sie sich bei eine Xbox-Erfahrung anmelden, erfassen wir die erforderlichen Daten, damit diese Erfahrungen sicher, aktuell und erwartungsgemäß funktionieren.
Daten, die wir sammeln, wenn Sie ein Xbox-Profil erstellen
. Sie als Elternteil oder Erziehungsberechtigter müssen der Erfassung von personenbezogenen Daten eines Kindes unter 13 Jahren oder dem im jeweiligen Rechtssystem per Gesetz bestimmten Alter zustimmen. Mit Ihrer Zustimmung kann Ihr Kind ein Xbox-Profil haben und das Online-Xbox-Netzwerk nutzen. Während der Erstellung des Xbox-Profils für Kinder melden Sie sich mit Ihrem eigenen Microsoft-Konto an, um zu bestätigen, dass Sie ein erwachsener Organisator in Ihrer Microsoft Family-Gruppe sind. Wir erfassen eine alternative E-Mail-Adresse oder Telefonnummer, um die Kontosicherheit zu erhöhen. Wenn Ihr Kind Hilfe beim Zugriff auf sein Konto benötigt, kann es eine dieser Alternativen verwenden, um zu bestätigen, dass es das Microsoft-Konto besitzt.
Wir sammeln begrenzte Informationen zu Kindern, einschließlich Name, Geburtsdatum, E-Mail-Adresse und Region. Wenn Sie Ihr Kind für ein Xbox-Profil registrieren, erhält es ein Gamertag (einen öffentlichen Spitznamen) und einen eindeutigen Bezeichner. Wenn Sie ein Xbox-Profil für Ihr Kind erstellen, erklären Sie sich damit einverstanden, dass Microsoft Informationen gemäß den Datenschutz- und Kommunikationseinstellungen Ihres Kindes im Xbox-Online-Netzwerk erfasst, verwendet und weitergibt. Die Datenschutz- und Kommunikationseinstellungen Ihres Kindes sind standardmäßig auf die restriktivsten Einstellungen eingestellt.
Von uns erfasste Daten
. Wir erfassen Informationen über die Nutzung von Xbox-Diensten, -Spielen, -Apps und -Geräten durch Ihr Kind, einschließlich:
Wann sie sich bei Xbox an- und abmelden, den Kaufverlauf und die Inhalte, die sie erhalten.
Welche Spiele sie spielen und welche Apps sie verwenden, ihren Spielfortschritt, Erfolge, Spielzeit pro Spiel und andere Spielstatistiken.
Leistungsdaten über Xbox-Konsolen, Xbox Game Pass und andere Xbox-Apps, das Xbox-Netzwerk, verbundenes Zubehör und die Netzwerkverbindung, einschließlich aller Software- oder Hardware-Fehler.
Inhalte, die sie über das Xbox-Netzwerk hinzufügen, hochladen oder teilen, einschließlich SMS, Bilder und Videos, die sie in Spielen und Apps erfassen.
Soziale Aktivitäten, einschließlich Chatdaten und Interaktionen mit anderen Spielern und Verbindungen (von ihnen hinzugefügte Freunde und Personen, die ihnen folgen), die sie im Xbox-Netzwerk machen.
Wenn Ihr Kind eine Xbox-Konsole oder Xbox App auf einem anderen Gerät verwendet, das auf das Xbox-Netzwerk zugreifen kann, und dieses Gerät ein Speichervorrichtung (Festplatte oder Speichereinheit) enthält, werden Nutzungsdaten auf der Speichervorrichtung gespeichert und bei der nächsten Xbox-Anmeldung an Microsoft gesendet, auch wenn sie offline gespielt haben.
Xbox-Diagnosedaten
. Wenn Ihr Kind eine Xbox-Konsole verwendet, wird Xbox die erforderlichen Daten an Microsoft senden. Erforderliche Daten sind die Mindestdaten, die erforderlich sind, um Xbox zu schützen, auf dem neuesten Stand zu halten und dafür zu sorgen, dass sie ordnungsgemäß funktioniert.
Spielaufzeichnungen
. Jeder Spieler in einer Multiplayer-Spielsitzung kann Video (Spiel-Clips) aufzeichnen und Screenshots von ihrer Ansicht des Spiels erfassen. Die Spiele-Clips und Screenshots anderer Player können während dieser Sitzung den In-Game-Charakter und Gamertag Ihres Kindes erfassen. Wenn ein Spieler Spielclips und Screenshots auf einem PC aufnimmt, können die resultierenden Spielclips auch Audio-Chat aufzeichnen, wenn die Datenschutz- und Kommunikationseinstellungen Ihres Kindes im Xbox-Online-Netzwerk dies zulassen.
Untertitel
. Bei Xbox Echtzeit- („Party“) Chat können Spieler ein Sprache-zu-Text-Feature aktivieren, das es ihnen ermöglicht, diesen Chat als SMS anzuzeigen. Wenn ein Player dieses Feature aktiviert, verwendet Microsoft die resultierenden SMS-Daten, um Untertitel für Benutzer zu erstellen, die diese benötigen. Diese Daten können auch verwendet werden, um eine sichere Spielumgebung zu schaffen und die
Community-Standards für Xbox
durchzusetzen.
Datennutzung
. Microsoft verwendet die Daten, die wir sammeln, wenn Ihr Kind die Xbox verwendet, um Spieleprodukte und -erlebnisse zu verbessern – damit es mit der Zeit sicherer und unterhaltsamer wird. Unsere gesammelten Daten ermöglichen es uns auch, Ihrem Kind kuratierte Erfahrungen bereitzustellen. Dazu gehört, dass sie mit Spielen, Inhalten, Diensten und Empfehlungen verbunden werden.
Xbox-Daten, die von anderen angezeigt werden können
. Wenn Ihr Kind das Xbox-Netzwerk verwendet, sind seine Onlinepräsenz (die auf "offline angezeigen" oder "gesperrt" eingestellt werden kann), sein Gamertag, seine Spielstatistiken und seine Erfolge für andere Spieler im Netzwerk sichtbar. Je nachdem, wie Sie die Xbox-Sicherheitseinstellungen Ihres Kindes eingestellt haben, kann es beim Spielen oder Kommunizieren mit anderen im Xbox-Netzwerk Informationen weitergeben.
Sicherheit
. Um dazu beizutragen, das Xbox-Netzwerk zu einer sicheren Spielumgebung zu machen und die Community-Standards für Xbox durchzusetzen, können wir Sprache, Text, Bilder, Videos und spielinterne Inhalte (z. B. Spielclips, die Ihr Kind hochlädt, Unterhaltungen, die es führt, und Dinge, die es in Clubs und Spielen postet) sammeln und überprüfen.
Anti-Cheat und Betrugsverhütung
. Die Bereitstellung einer fairen Spielumgebung ist uns sehr wichtig. Wir verbieten Betrug, Hacking, Kontodiebstahl und jegliche andere nicht autorisierte oder betrügerische Aktivitäten, wenn Ihr Kind ein Xbox-Online-Spiel oder eine netzwerkverbundene App auf der Xbox Konsole, dem PC oder einem Mobilgerät verwendet. Zur Erkennung und Verhinderung von Betrug und Täuschung setzen wir u. U. diesem Zweck dienende Tools, Anwendungen und andere Technologien ein. Solche Technologien erstellen u. U. digitale Signaturen (als “Hashes” bezeichnet) aus bestimmten Informationen, die von seiner Xbox-Konsole, seinem PC oder Mobilgerät sowie dazu, wie es das jeweilige Gerät verwendet, gesammelt werden. Dies kann Informationen über den Browser, das Gerät, Aktivitäten, Spiel-IDs und das Betriebssystem umfassen.
Xbox-Daten, die mit Spiele- und Apps-Herausgeber geteilt werden
. Wenn Ihr Kind ein Xbox-Onlinespiel oder eine mit dem Netzwerk verbundene App auf der Xbox-Konsole, dem PC oder Mobilgerät verwenden, hat der Herausgeber dieses Spiels oder dieser Anwendung Zugriff auf Daten über seine Nutzung, um den Herausgeber bei der Bereitstellung, Unterstützung und Verbesserung seines Produkts zu unterstützen. Diesen Daten können umfassen: die Xbox-Benutzer-ID Ihre Kindes, Gamertag, eingeschränkte Kontoinformationen wie Land/Region und Altersgruppe, Daten über die Kommunikation Ihres Kindes im Spiel, alle Xbox Durchsetzungsaktivitäten, Spielsitzungen (z. B. im Spiel ausgeführte Spielzüge oder im Spiel verwendete Fahrzeugtypen), die Präsenz Ihres Kindes im Xbox-Netzwerk, die Zeit, die es mit dem Spiel oder der App verbringt, Ranglisten, Statistiken, Spielerprofile, Avatare oder Gamerpics, Freundeslisten, Aktivitätsfeeds für offizielle Clubs, denen es angehört, offizielle Clubmitgliedschaften und alle Inhalte, die es im Spiel oder in der App erstellt oder übermittelt.
Drittanbieter, die Spiele und Apps herausgeben und entwickeln, haben eine eigene und unabhängige Beziehung zu den Benutzern und die Erhebung und Verwendung personenbezogener Daten unterliegt den spezifischen Datenschutzrichtlinien dieser Dritten. Sie sollten deren Richtlinien sorgfältig überprüfen, um festzustellen, wie die Daten Ihres Kindes verwendet werden. Herausgeber können beispielsweise Spieldaten über ihre eigenen Dienste offenlegen oder anzeigen (z. B. in Bestenlisten). Sie finden ihre Richtlinien möglicherweise über Links von den Spiel- oder App-Detailseiten in unseren Stores.
Weitere Informationen finden Sie unter
Datenfreigabe für Spiele und Apps
.
Um die Freigabe von Spiel- oder App-Daten für einen Herausgeber zu beenden, entfernen Sie dessen Spiele oder App von allen Geräten, auf denen sie installiert wurden. Der Zugriff einiger Herausgeber auf die Daten Ihres Kindes kann unter
microsoft.com/consent
widerrufen werden.
Verwalten von Kindereinstellungen
. Als Organisator einer Microsoft Family-Gruppe können Sie die Informationen und Einstellungen eines Kindes auf der Seite
Family Safety
sowie die Datenschutzeinstellungen für das Xbox-Profil auf der Seite
Xbox-Datenschutz und Onlinesicherheit& verwalten
.
Sie können auch die App
Xbox-Jugendschutz
verwenden, um die Erfahrungen Ihres Kindes im Xbox-Netzwerk zu verwalten, einschließlich: Ausgaben für Microsoft und Xbox Stores, Anzeigen der Xbox-Aktivitäten Ihres Kindes und Festlegen von Altersfreigaben und der Bildschirmzeit. Xbox-spezifische Family Safety-Einstellungen gelten auf der Xbox-Konsole oder über Xbox auf dem PC oder Mobilgerät, können jedoch möglicherweise nicht auf anderen Plattformen angewendet werden.
Weitere Informationen zur Verwaltung von Xbox-Profilen finden Sie unter
Xbox-Onlinesicherheit und Datenschutzeinstellungen
.
Weitere Informationen zu Microsoft Family-Gruppen finden Sie unter
Vereinfachen Sie das Leben Ihrer Familie
.
Legacy
.
Xbox 360
. Diese Xbox-Konsole sammelt eingeschränkte erforderliche Diagnosedaten. Diese Daten tragen dazu bei, dass die Konsole Ihres Kindes wie erwartet funktioniert.
Kinect
. Der Kinect Sensor ist eine Kombination aus Kamera, Mikrofon und Infrarot-Sensor, die es ermöglicht, Bewegungen und Stimme zur Steuerung des Spielverlaufs zu nutzen. Zum Beispiel:
Wenn ihr wollt, könnt ihr die Kamera nutzen, um euch automatisch per Gesichtserkennung im Xbox-Netzwerk anzumelden. Diese Daten bleiben auf der Konsole, werden nicht an Dritte weitergegeben und können jederzeit gelöscht werden.
Beim Spielen bildet Kinect die Abstände zwischen den Gelenken am Körper Ihres Kindes ab, um eine Strichmännchen-Darstellung zu erstellen.
Mit dem Kinect-Mikrofon kann während des Spiels ein Voice-Chat zwischen den Spielern stattfinden. Das Mikrofon ermöglicht auch Sprachbefehle zur Steuerung der Konsole, des Spiels oder der App oder zur Eingabe von Suchbegriffen.
Kinect Sensor kann auch für die Audio- und Videokommunikation über Dienste wie Skype verwendet werden.
Weitere Informationen zu Kinect finden Sie unter
Xbox Kinect und Datenschutz
.
Zusammenfassung anzeigen
Weitere Infos
Zurück zum Anfang
Weitere wichtige Informationen zum Datenschutz
Im Folgenden finden Sie zusätzliche Datenschutzinformationen, z. B. wie wir Ihre Daten schützen, wo wir Ihre Daten verarbeiten und wie lange wir Ihre Daten beibehalten. Weitere Informationen zu Microsoft und unserem Engagement zum Schutz Ihrer Privatsphäre finden Sie unter
Microsoft Privacy
.
Im Folgenden finden Sie zusätzliche Datenschutzinformationen, z. B. wie wir Ihre Daten schützen, wo wir Ihre Daten verarbeiten und wie lange wir Ihre Daten beibehalten. Weitere Informationen zu Microsoft und unserem Engagement zum Schutz Ihrer Privatsphäre finden Sie unter
Microsoft Privacy
.
Sicherheit personenbezogener Daten
Microsoft sorgt für die Sicherheit Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten. Wir verwenden eine Reihe unterschiedlicher Sicherheitstechnologien und -verfahren, um Ihre personenbezogenen Daten vor unbefugtem Zugriff, Missbrauch oder unzulässiger Offenlegung zu schützen. Ihre personenbezogenen Daten werden von uns z. B. auf Computersystemen an kontrollierten Standorten und mit begrenztem Zugriff gespeichert. Wenn wir personenbezogene Daten (wie Kreditkartennummern oder Kennwörter) über das Internet übertragen, werden diese von uns durch Verschlüsselungstechniken geschützt. Microsoft beachtet die geltenden Datenschutzgesetze, einschließlich der Gesetze zur Meldung von Sicherheitsverletzungen.
Zurück zum Anfang
Wo wir personenbezogene Daten speichern und verarbeiten
Die von Microsoft gesammelten personenbezogenen Daten können in Ihrer Region, in den USA und in jeder anderen Gerichtsbarkeit gespeichert und verarbeitet werden, in dem Microsoft oder seine verbundenen Unternehmen, Tochtergesellschaften oder Dienstanbieter Einrichtungen unterhalten. Microsoft verwaltet große Rechenzentren in Australien, Österreich, Brasilien, Kanada, Finnland, Frankreich, Deutschland, Hong Kong, Indien, Irland, Japan, Korea, Luxemburg, Malaysia, den Niederlanden, Singapur, Südafrika, dem Vereinigten Königreich und den USA. In der Regel befindet sich der primäre Speicherort in der Region des Kunden oder in den Vereinigten Staaten, mit einer Datensicherung in einem Rechenzentrum in einer anderen Region. Der/die Speicherort(e) werden ausgewählt, um unsere Dienste effizient zu betreiben und bereitzustellen, die Leistung zu verbessern und Redundanzen zu schaffen, um die Daten im Falle eines Ausfalls oder eines anderen Problems zu schützen. Wir ergreifen Maßnahmen, um die Daten, die wir im Rahmen dieser Datenschutzerklärung erfassen, gemäß den Bestimmungen dieser Erklärung und den Anforderungen des geltenden Rechts zu verarbeiten.
Wir übertragen personenbezogene Daten aus dem Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum, dem Vereinigten Königreich und der Schweiz in andere Länder, von denen einige von der Europäischen Kommission noch nicht als Länder mit angemessenem Datenschutz festgelegt wurden. Deren Gesetze können beispielsweise nicht garantieren, dass Sie dieselben Rechte haben, oder es gibt möglicherweise keine Aufsichtsbehörde für den Datenschutz, die Ihre Beschwerden verarbeiten kann. Wenn wir solche Übermittlungen vornehmen, verwenden wir eine Reihe von rechtlichen Mechanismen, einschließlich Verträgen wie die Standardvertragsklauseln, die von der Europäischen Kommission im Rahmen des Durchführungsbeschlusses 2021/914 der Kommission veröffentlicht wurden, um Ihre Rechte zu schützen und zu ermöglichen, dass diese Schutzmaßnahmen mit Ihren Daten reisen. Weitere Informationen zu den Entscheidungen der Europäischen Kommission über die Angemessenheit des Schutzes personenbezogener Daten in den Ländern, in denen Microsoft personenbezogene Daten verarbeitet, finden Sie in diesem Artikel auf der
Website der Europäischen Kommission
.
Microsoft Corporation entspricht dem EU-USA-Datenschutzabkommen (EU-U.S. DPF), der UK-Erweiterung für die EU-US-DPF und der Schweiz-USA-Datenschutzabkommen (Schweiz–USA DPF), wie vom US-Handelsministerium festgelegt. Microsoft Corporation hat dem Handelsministerium der USA gegenüber zertifiziert, dass es die Grundsätze des EU-USA-Datenschutzabkommens (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) in Bezug auf die Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten einhält, die von der Europäischen Union im Vertrauen auf die DPF zwischen der EU und den USA und des Vereinigten Königreichs (und von Gibraltar) im Vertrauen auf die UK-Erweiterung der EU-USA DPF empfangen wurden. Die Microsoft Corporation hat gegenüber dem US-Handelsministerium zertifiziert, dass sie sich an die Schweiz-USA hält. Datenschutzgrundsätze (Schweiz-USA, DPF-Grundsätze) in Bezug auf die Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten, die aus der Schweiz im Vertrauen auf die Schweiz-USA erhalten werden DPF. Im Rahmen einer Weiterübermittlung ist die Microsoft Corporation für die Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten verantwortlich, die sie im Rahmen des DPF erhält und anschließend an einen Dritten weitergibt, der in unserem Auftrag als Agent fungiert. Microsoft Corporation bleibt im Rahmen des DPF haftbar, wenn unser Vertreter solche personenbezogenen Daten in einer Weise verarbeitet, die nicht mit dem DPF vereinbar ist, es sei denn, Microsoft Corporation kann nachweisen, dass wir für das Ereignis, das den Schaden verursacht hat, nicht verantwortlich sind. Im Falle eines Konflikts zwischen den Bestimmungen in dieser Datenschutzerklärung und den DPF-Grundsätzen der EU und/oder der Schweiz und den USA DPF-Grundsätzen, gelten die Grundsätze. Weitere Informationen zum Data Privacy Framework(DPF)-Programm und zur Anzeige unserer Zertifizierung finden Sie auf der
Data Privacy Framework-Website des US-Handelsministeriums
. Die kontrollierten US-Tochtergesellschaften der Microsoft Corporation, die in unserem Selbstzertifizierungsantrag genannt sind, befolgen ebenfalls die DPF-Grundsätze. Weitere Informationen finden Sie in der Liste der durch die
Data Privacy Framework-Zertifizierung abgedeckten US-amerikanischen Microsoft-Einheiten
.
Wenn Sie eine Frage oder eine Beschwerde im Zusammenhang mit der Teilnahme von Microsoft an den DPF-Abkommen haben, wenden Sie sich bitte über unser
Webformular
an uns. Für alle Beschwerden im Zusammenhang mit dem DPF-Abkommen, die nicht direkt mit Microsoft gelöst werden können, haben wir uns entschlossen, mit der jeweiligen EU-Datenschutzbehörde oder einem von den europäischen Datenschutzbehörden für die Beilegung von Streitigkeiten mit EU-Bürgern eingerichteten Gremium zusammenzuarbeiten. Streitigkeiten mit Bürgern des Vereinigten Königreichs werden vom UK Information Commissioner beigelegt. Streitigkeiten mit Schweizer Bürgern werden in Zusammenarbeit mit dem Eidgenössischen Datenschutz- und Öffentlichkeitsbeauftragten (EDÖB) beigelegt. Bitte nehmen Sie Kontakt mit uns auf, wenn Sie möchten, dass wir Ihnen Kontakte für Datenschutzbehörden geben. Wie bereits in den DPF-Grundsätzen beschrieben, gibt es ein bindendes Schiedsverfahren für Beschwerden, die auf andere Art und Weise nicht zu lösen sind. Microsoft unterliegt den Untersuchungs- und Vollstreckungsbefugnissen der U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC).
Personen, deren personenbezogene Daten durch das japanische Gesetz zum Schutz personenbezogener Informationen geschützt sind, sollten im Artikel auf der
Website der japanischen Personal Information Protection Commission
(nur in Japanisch veröffentlicht) weitere Informationen zur Überprüfung bestimmter Länder des Schutzes personenbezogener Daten durch die Kommission erhalten. Für Einzelpersonen in Japan klicken Sie
hier
für weitere Informationen zur Verarbeitung von Informationen im Rahmen des Telekommunikationsgeschäftsakts (nur in Japanisch).
Zurück zum Anfang
Unser Umgang mit personenbezogenen Daten
Microsoft speichert personenbezogene Daten so lange wie es nötig ist, Produkte zu erbringen und Transaktionen zu vollenden, die Sie angefordert haben oder für andere legitime Zwecke, wie die Einhaltung unserer gesetzlichen Verpflichtung, Streitbeilegung und für die Durchsetzung unserer Verträge. Da diese Maßnahmen für andere Datentypen im Kontext unserer Interaktionen mit Ihnen oder der Verwendung anderer Produkte variieren, kann die tatsächliche Aufbewahrungsdauer erheblich variieren.
Andere Kriterien, die die Aufbewahrungsdauer ermitteln, lauten wie folgt:
Stellen Kunden die Daten bereit, erstellen oder verwalten sie in der Erwartung, dass wir sie so lange aufbewahren, bis sie sie ausdrücklich entfernen?
Beispiele hierfür sind ein Dokument, das Sie in OneDrive speichern, oder eine E-Mail-Nachricht, die Sie in Ihrem Outlook.com-Posteingang speichern. In diesem Fall werden die Daten von uns beibehalten, bis Sie diese selbst löschen, z. B. wenn Sie eine E-Mail aus Ihrem Posteingang in Outlook.com in den Ordner „Gelöschte Objekte” verschieben und diesen Ordner anschließend leeren (wenn der Ordner „Gelöschte Objekte” geleert wird, bleiben die gelöschten Elemente in unserem System für bis zu 30 Tage erhalten, bevor sie endgültig gelöscht werden). (Beachten Sie, dass es möglicherweise andere Gründe gibt, warum die Daten früher gelöscht werden sollen, z. B. wenn Sie das Limit für die Daten, die auf Ihrem Konto gespeichert werden können, überschreiten).
Gibt es ein automatisiertes Steuerelement, z. B. im Microsoft-Datenschutzdashboard, mit dem der Kunde jederzeit auf die personenbezogenen Daten zugreifen und diese löschen kann?
Falls nicht, wird in der Regel eine verkürzte Datenaufbewahrungszeit verwendet.
Sind die personenbezogenen Daten vertraulich?
Wenn ja, wird in der Regel eine verkürzte Aufbewahrungsdauer verwendet.
Hat Microsoft einen bestimmten Aufbewahrungszeitraum für einen bestimmten Datentyp eingeführt und angekündigt?
Bei Bing-Suchabfragen heben wir beispielsweise die Identifizierung gespeicherter Abfragen auf, indem wir die gesamte IP-Adresse nach 6 Monaten sowie Cookie-IDs und andere sitzungsübergreifende Bezeichner entfernen, die nach 18 Monaten zur Identifizierung eines bestimmten Kontos oder Geräts verwendet werden.
Hat der Benutzer seine Zustimmung für einen längeren Aufbewahrungszeitraum erteilt?
Wenn ja, werden wir Daten gemäß Ihrer Einwilligung aufbewahren.
Unterliegt Microsoft einer gesetzlichen, vertraglichen oder ähnlichen Verpflichtung zur Aufbewahrung oder Löschung der Daten?
Beispiele hierfür sind zwingende Datenaufbewahrungsgesetze in der jeweiligen Gerichtsbarkeit, behördliche Anordnungen zur Aufbewahrung von Daten, die für eine Untersuchung relevant sind, oder Daten, die für Rechtsstreitigkeiten aufbewahrt werden. Im umgekehrten Fall, wenn wir aus rechtswidrigen Gründen Inhalte entfernen müssen, werden wir dies tun.
Zurück zum Anfang
Datenschutz in US-Bundesstaaten
Wenn Sie in den USA wohnhaft sind, verarbeiten wir Ihre persönlichen Daten gemäß der in US-Bundesstaaten geltenden Datenschutzgesetze, einschließlich des Gesetzes über den Verbraucherdatenschutz des US-amerikanischen Bundesstaates Kalifornien (California Consumer Privacy Act, CCPA). Dieser Abschnitt unserer Datenschutzerklärung enthält die vom CCPA und den Datenschutzbestimmungen anderer US-Bundesstaaten geforderten Informationen und ergänzt unsere Datenschutzerklärung.
Beachten Sie, dass die Regeln zur Implementierung einiger dieser Gesetze noch nicht abgeschlossen wurden. Wir werden unsere Prozesse, Offenlegungen und diesen Hinweis aktualisieren, sobald diese Implementierungsregeln abgeschlossen sind und sofern dies andernfalls erforderlich ist.
Weitere Informationen zu den von uns gesammelten, verarbeiteten, freigegebenen und offengelegten Daten sowie zu Ihren Rechten gemäß den geltenden Datenschutzgesetzen der USA finden Sie auch in unseren
Hinweise zu Datenschutzgesetzen in US-Bundesstaaten
und unseren
Datenschutzbestimmungen für Integritätsdaten von Verbrauchern
.
Verkauf
. Wir verkaufen Ihre personenbezogenen Daten nicht. Wir bieten also keine Zustimmung zum Verkauf persönlicher Daten an.
Profilerstellung
.  Wir führen keine "Profilerstellung" durch, bei dem Ihre personenbezogenen Daten für eine automatisierte Entscheidungsfindung verwendet werden, die rechtliche oder ähnlich bedeutende Auswirkungen hat. Daher bieten wir für diese Art der Profilerstellung kein Opt-out an.
Freigabe
. Wir sind berechtigt, Ihre persönlichen Daten gemäß der Gesetze in Kalifornien und anderen US-Staaten zu personalisierten Werbezwecken „freizugeben“. Wie im Abschnitt
Werbung
erwähnt, schalten wir keine personalisierte Werbung für Kinder, deren Alter gemäß ihrem Geburtsdatum in ihrem Microsoft-Konto unter 18 Jahren liegt.
In der nachstehenden Aufzählung werden die Kategorien von Daten, die wir für personalisierte Werbezwecke weitergeben, die Empfänger der personenbezogenen Daten und unsere Verarbeitungszwecke beschrieben. Eine Beschreibung der Daten, die in den einzelnen Kategorien enthalten sind, finden Sie im Abschnitt
von uns gesammelte personenbezogene Daten
.
Kategorien von personenbezogenen Daten
Name und Kontaktdaten
Empfänger: Dritte, die Online-Werbedienste für Microsoft erbringen oder die Werbetechnologien von Microsoft verwenden
Zwecke der Verarbeitung: Zur Bereitstellung personalisierter Werbung auf der Grundlage Ihrer Interessen
Demografische Daten
Empfänger: Dritte, die Online-Werbedienste für Microsoft  erbringen oder die Werbetechnologien von Microsoft verwenden
Zwecke der Verarbeitung: Zur Bereitstellung personalisierter Werbung auf der Grundlage Ihrer Interessen
Daten über Lizenzen und Abonnements
Empfänger: Dritte, die Online-Werbedienste für Microsoft  erbringen oder die Werbetechnologien von Microsoft verwenden
Zwecke der Verarbeitung: Zur Bereitstellung personalisierter Werbung auf der Grundlage Ihrer Interessen
Interaktionen
Empfänger: Dritte, die Online-Werbedienste für Microsoft  erbringen oder die Werbetechnologien von Microsoft verwenden
Zwecke der Verarbeitung: Zur Bereitstellung personalisierter Werbung auf der Grundlage Ihrer Interessen
Im Abschnitt
Werbung
finden Sie weitere Informationen zu unseren Werbepraktiken und in unserem
Hinweis zu Datenschutzgesetzen in US-Bundesstaaten
, um weitere Informationen zum „Teilen“ zu personalisierten Werbezwecken gemäß den geltenden US-Bundesstaaten zu erhalten.
Rechte.
Sie haben das Recht, (i) zu erfahren, welche personenbezogenen Daten wir erheben, verwenden, weitergeben, „teilen“ und verkaufen, (ii) Ihre personenbezogenen Daten zu löschen, (iii) Ihre personenbezogenen Daten zu korrigieren, (iv) die Verwendung und Weitergabe Ihrer vertraulichen Daten einzuschränken, (v) eine Kopie Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten zu erhalten und (vi) der „Weitergabe“ Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten an Dritte zu Zwecken personalisierter Werbung auf Websites Dritter zu widersprechen. Sie können diese Forderungen selbst oder über einen bevollmächtigten Vertreter stellen. Wenn Sie einen bevollmächtigten Vertreter einsetzen, stellen wir ihm
ausführliche Anleitungen
zur Verfügung, wie er Ihre Datenschutzrechte ausüben kann. Weitere Informationen über die Wahrnehmung dieser Rechte finden Sie in unserem
Hinweis zu den Datenschutzgesetzen der US-Bundesstaaten
.
Universelle Abmeldung.
Microsoft empfängt und reagiert auf das Global Privacy Control (GPC) Browser-Deaktivierungssignal. Microsoft deaktiviert die Freigabe Ihrer Daten an Dritte für personalisierte Werbung, wenn wir beim Besuch unserer Websites ein GPC-Signal von Ihnen erhalten.
Sie können zusätzliche Rechte in Bezug auf Ihre Gesundheitsdaten haben, die in den geltenden staatlichen Gesetzen zum Schutz der Gesundheit von Verbrauchern festgelegt sind. Bitte lesen Sie unsere
Datenschutzrichtlinie für Gesundheitsdaten von Verbrauchern
, um sich über die Rechte zu informieren, die Ihnen nach dem My Health My Data Act (MHMDA) des Bundesstaates Washington und anderen geltenden US-Gesetzen zum Integritätsdatenschutz für Verbraucher.
Wenn Sie ein Microsoft-Konto besitzen, müssen Sie Ihre Rechte über das
Microsoft-Datenschutzdashboard
, geltend machen, was erfordert, dass Sie sich bei Ihrem Microsoft-Konto anmelden. Wenn Sie nach der Nutzung des Dashboards zusätzliche Forderungen oder Fragen haben, können Sie sich über die Adresse im Abschnitt
Kontaktaufnahme
an Microsoft wenden, unser
Webformular
verwenden, oder uns über die gebührenfreie US-Nummer +1 (844) 931 2038 anrufen. Wenn Sie noch kein-Konto besitzen, können Sie Ihre Rechte ausüben, indem Sie sich wie oben beschrieben an uns wenden. Um Ihre personenbezogenen Daten noch besser zu schützen, bitten wir Sie möglicherweise um zusätzliche Informationen, wie z. B. Ihr Wohnsitzland, Ihre E-Mail-Adresse und Ihre Telefonnummer, um Ihre Identität und Ihre Anfrage zu überprüfen, bevor wir die Anfrage bearbeiten.
Sie können angeben, dass Sie sich gegen die Freigabe Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten an Dritte für personalisierte Werbung auf Websites von Drittanbietern entscheiden, indem Sie unsere
Webseite zur Deaktivierung der Freigabe
besuchen. Sie können auch die personalisierte Werbung kontrollieren, die Sie auf Microsoft-Eigentum sehen, indem Sie unsere
Deaktivierungsseite
besuchen.
Wir verwenden oder veröffentlichen Ihre vertraulichen Daten nicht für andere Zwecke als die unten aufgeführten, ohne Ihre Zustimmung oder gemäß den geltenden Gesetzen zulässig oder erforderlich. Daher bieten wir keine Möglichkeit, die Verwendung vertraulicher Daten einzuschränken.
Wenn Sie bei Microsoft einen Antrag auf Kenntnisnahme, Löschung, Berichtigung oder Erhalt Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten gestellt haben und der Meinung sind, dass Ihr Antrag von Microsoft abgelehnt wurde, können Sie Ihr Recht auf Einspruch gegen die Ergebnisse Ihres Antrags wahrnehmen, indem Sie sich über unser Webformular an unser Datenschutz-Supportteam wenden. Wenn Ihre Beschwerde nicht erfolgreich ist und abhängig vom Bundesstaat, in dem Sie sich befinden, haben Sie möglicherweise das Recht, Ihr Anliegen vorzubringen oder eine Beschwerde bei Ihrem Staatsanwalt einzulegen.
Sie haben ein Recht darauf, bei der Ausübung Ihrer Datenschutzrechte nicht diskriminiert zu werden. Wir werden Sie nicht diskriminieren, wenn Sie Ihre Datenschutzrechte ausüben.
Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten
. In der nachstehenden Aufzählung beschreiben wir die Kategorien der von uns erfassten personenbezogenen Daten, deren Quellen, unsere Verarbeitungszwecke und die Kategorien der externen Empfänger, denen wir die personenbezogenen Daten bereitstellen. Eine Beschreibung der Daten, die in den einzelnen Kategorien enthalten sind, finden Sie im Abschnitt
von uns gesammelte personenbezogene Daten
. Lesen Sie bitte den Abschnitt
Unser Umgang mit personenbezogenen Daten
unserer Datenschutzbestimmungen zu Aufbewahrungskriterien für personenbezogene Daten.
Kategorien von personenbezogenen Daten
Name und Kontaktdaten
Quellen für personenbezogene Daten: Interaktionen mit Benutzern und Partnern, mit denen wir Dienste mit Co-Branding anbieten
Zwecke der Verarbeitung (Erhebung und Weitergabe an Dritte): Bereitstellung unserer Produkte, Beantwortung von Kundenfragen, Hilfe, Sicherheit und Fehlerbehebung sowie Marketing
Empfänger: Dienstanbieter und benutzergesteuerte Einrichtungen
Anmeldeinformationen
Quellen für personenbezogene Daten: Interaktionen mit Benutzern und Organisationen, die Benutzer vertreten
Zwecke der Verarbeitung (Erhebung und Weitergabe an Dritte): Bereitstellung unserer Produkte, Authentifizierung und Kontozugang sowie Hilfe, Sicherheit und Fehlerbehebung
Empfänger: Dienstanbieter und benutzergesteuerte Einrichtungen
Demografische Daten
Quellen für personenbezogene Daten: Interaktionen mit Benutzern und Käufe bei Datenmaklern
Zwecke der Verarbeitung (Erhebung und Weitergabe an Dritte): Bereitstellung und Personalisierung unserer Produkte; Produktentwicklung; Hilfe, Sicherheit und Fehlerbehebung; und Marketing
Empfänger: Dienstanbieter und benutzergesteuerte Einrichtungen
Zahlungsdaten
Quellen für personenbezogene Daten: Interaktionen mit Benutzern und Finanzinstituten
Zwecke der Verarbeitung (Erhebung und Weitergabe an Dritte): Handel treiben, Transaktionen verarbeiten, Aufträge ausführen, Hilfe, Sicherheit und Fehlerbehebung leisten sowie Betrug erkennen und verhindern
Empfänger: Dienstanbieter und benutzergesteuerte Einrichtungen
Daten über Lizenzen und Abonnements
Quellen für personenbezogene Daten: Interaktionen mit Nutzern und Organisationen, die Nutzer vertreten, sowie mit Drittanbieter-Shops und Plattformen, auf denen unsere Produkte gekauft werden
Zwecke der Verarbeitung (Erhebung und Weitergabe an Dritte): Bereitstellung, Personalisierung und Aktivierung unserer Produkte; Kundensupport; Hilfe, Sicherheit und Fehlerbehebung; Marketing; und Buchhaltung
Empfänger: Dienstanbieter und benutzergesteuerte Einrichtungen
Interaktionen
Quellen für personenbezogene Daten: Interaktionen mit Benutzern, einschließlich der Daten, die Microsoft durch diese Interaktionen generiert
Zwecke der Verarbeitung (Erhebung und Weitergabe an Dritte): Bereitstellung und Personalisierung unserer Produkte, Produktverbesserung, Produktentwicklung, Marketing und Hilfe, Sicherheit und Fehlerbehebung
Empfänger: Dienstanbieter und benutzergesteuerte Einrichtungen
Inhalte
Quellen für personenbezogene Daten: Interaktionen mit Benutzern und Organisationen, die Benutzer vertreten
Zwecke der Verarbeitung (Erhebung und Weitergabe an Dritte): Bereitstellung unserer Produkte, Sicherheit und Hilfe, Sicherung und Fehlerbehebung
Empfänger: Dienstanbieter und benutzergesteuerte Einrichtungen
Videos oder Aufzeichnungen
Quellen für personenbezogene Daten: Interaktionen mit Benutzern und öffentlich zugänglichen Quellen
Zwecke der Verarbeitung (Erhebung und Weitergabe an Dritte): Bereitstellung unserer Produkte; Produktverbesserung; Produktentwicklung; Marketing; Hilfe, Sicherheit und Fehlerbehebung; und Sicherheit
Empfänger: Dienstanbieter und benutzergesteuerte Einrichtungen
Feedback und Bewertungen
Quellen für personenbezogene Daten: Interaktionen mit Benutzern
Zwecke der Verarbeitung (Erhebung und Weitergabe an Dritte): Bereitstellung unserer Produkte, Produktverbesserung, Produktentwicklung, Kundensupport sowie Hilfe, Sicherheit und Fehlerbehebung
Empfänger: Dienstanbieter und benutzergesteuerte Einrichtungen
Die obige Aufzählung enthält nur die wichtigsten Quellen und Verarbeitungszwecke für jede Kategorie personenbezogener Daten. Wir erfassen zudem auch personenbezogene Daten aus den im Abschnitt
Von uns erfasste personenbezogene Daten
aufgeführten Quellen (wie z. B. Entwickler und deren Erfahrungen mit Microsoft-Produkten). Ebenso verarbeiten wir alle Kategorien personenbezogener Daten für die im Abschnitt
Verwendung personenbezogener Daten
beschriebenen Zwecke, z. B. die Erfüllung unserer rechtlichen Verpflichtungen, die Entwicklung unserer Mitarbeiter und die Durchführung von Recherchen.
Abhängig von Ihren
Datenschutzeinstellungen
, Ihrer Zustimmung, den von Ihnen verwendeten Produkten und den von Ihnen ausgewählten Optionen, können wir bestimmte personenbezogene Daten verfassen, verarbeiten oder offenlegen, die gemäß den geltenden Datenschutzgesetzen der USA als “vertrauliche Daten” qualifiziert sind. Vertrauliche Daten sind eine Untergruppe der personenbezogenen Daten. In der nachstehenden Aufzählung werden die Kategorien vertraulicher Daten, die wir erfassen, deren Quellen, unsere Verarbeitungszwecke und die Kategorien von externen Empfängern, an die wir die vertraulichen Daten weitergeben, beschrieben. Weitere Informationen über die von uns gesammelten vertraulichen Daten, finden Sie im Abschnitt
Von uns gesammelte personenbezogene Daten
.
Kategorien vertraulicher Daten
Kontoanmeldung, Finanzkonto, Debit- oder Kreditkartennummer und die Mittel für den Zugriff auf das Konto (Sicherheits- oder Zugriffscode, Kennwort, Anmeldeinformationen usw.)
Quellen für sensible Daten: Interaktionen mit Benutzern und Organisationen, die Benutzer vertreten
Zwecke der Verarbeitung (Erhebung und Weitergabe an Dritte): Das Produkt bereitstellen und die gewünschten finanziellen Transaktionen durchführen
Empfänger: Dienstleister und Anbieter von Zahlungsdiensten
Präzise Informationen zum geografischen Standort
Quellen für sensible Daten: Interaktionen der Benutzer mit den Produkten
Zwecke der Verarbeitung (Erhebung und Weitergabe an Dritte): Erbringung der gewünschten Dienstleistung; Produktverbesserung; einige Attribute können an Dritte weitergegeben werden, um die Dienstleistung zu erbringen
Empfänger: Benutzer und Dienstanbieter (weitere Informationen finden Sie im Abschnitt
Windows-Ortungsdienste und Aufzeichnung
unserer Datenschutzbestimmungen)
Ethnische Zugehörigkeit, religiöse oder philosophische Überzeugungen oder Mitgliedschaft in Gewerkschaften
Quellen für sensible Daten: Kommunikation mit den Benutzern
Zwecke der Verarbeitung (Erhebung und Weitergabe an Dritte): Durchführung von Forschungsstudien, um besser zu verstehen, wie unsere Produkte genutzt und wahrgenommen werden, und um die Produkterfahrung zu verbessern
Empfänger: Dienstleister
Gesundheitszustand, psychische Gesundheit, Sexualleben oder sexuelle Orientierung
Quellen für sensible Daten: Kommunikation mit den Benutzern
Zwecke der Verarbeitung (Erhebung und Weitergabe an Dritte): Durchführung von Forschungsstudien, um besser zu verstehen, wie unsere Produkte genutzt und wahrgenommen werden, und um das Produkterlebnis und die Zugänglichkeit zu verbessern
Empfänger: Dienstleister
Inhalt Ihrer Post, E-Mails oder Textnachrichten (wenn Microsoft nicht der beabsichtigte Empfänger der Kommunikation ist)
Quellen für sensible Daten: Interaktionen der Benutzer mit den Produkten
Zwecke der Verarbeitung (Erhebung und Weitergabe an Dritte): Bereitstellung unserer Produkte, Verbesserung der Produkterfahrung, Sicherheit und Hilfe, Sicherheit und Fehlerbehebung
Empfänger: Dienstleister
Personenbezogene Daten, die von einem bekannten Kind unter 13 Jahren erfasst wurden
Quellen für sensible Daten: Interaktionen mit Benutzern und Organisationen, die Benutzer vertreten
Zwecke der Verarbeitung (Erhebung und Weitergabe an Dritte): Bereitstellung unserer Produkte; Produktverbesserung; Produktentwicklung; Empfehlungen; Hilfe, Sicherheit und Fehlerbehebung; und Sicherheit
Empfänger: Dienstanbieter und benutzerorientierte Entitäten (in Übereinstimmung mit Ihren Microsoft Family Safety-
Einstellungen
)
Die obige Aufzählung enthält zwar die primären Quellen und Verarbeitungszwecke der erfassten personenbezogene Daten von Kindern unter 13 Jahren, wir erfassen aber auch personenbezogene Daten aus den Quellen, die im Abschnitt
Erfassung von Daten von Kindern
aufgeführt sind.
Wir verwenden oder legen Ihre vertraulichen Daten nicht für andere Zwecke als die folgenden offen:
Ausführen der Dienste oder Bereitstellen der Produkte, die Sie erwarten
Dazu beitragen, die Sicherheit und Integrität unserer Dienste, Systeme und Daten zu gewährleisten, böswillige, betrügerische oder unzulässige Handlungen zu bekämpfen und die körperliche Sicherheit von Einzelpersonen zu schützen, sofern die Verarbeitung angemessen notwendig und angemessen ist.
Für die kurzfristige vorübergehende Verwendung (einschließlich nicht personalisierter Werbung), solange die personenbezogenen Daten nicht an Dritte weitergegeben werden, nicht für die Profilerstellung oder dazu verwendet werden, die Erfahrung einer Person außerhalb der aktuellen Interaktion mit Microsoft zu ändern.
Ausführen von Diensten im Auftrag von Microsoft, z. B. Verwalten von Konten, Bereitstellen von Kundendienst, Verarbeitung oder Erfüllen von Bestellungen/Transaktionen, Überprüfen von Kundeninformationen, Verarbeiten von Zahlungen, Bereitstellen von Finanzen, Bereitstellen von Analysen, Bereitstellen von Speicherplatz und ähnlichen Diensten
Durchführen von Aktivitäten zur Überprüfung oder Aufrechterhaltung der Qualität oder Sicherheit eines Diensts oder Geräts, der bzw. das von Microsoft kontrolliert wird, oder zum Verbessern, Aktualisieren oder Verbessern eines Diensts oder Geräts
Erfassung oder Verarbeitung vertraulicher Daten, bei denen die Erfassung oder Verarbeitung nicht zum Ableiten von Merkmalen der Person dient
Alle anderen Aktivitäten in Übereinstimmung mit zukünftigen Bestimmungen, die im Rahmen der Datenschutzgesetze von US-Staaten erlassen werden
Deidentifizierte Daten
. In einigen Situationen verarbeitet Microsoft möglicherweise nicht identifizierte Daten. Daten befinden sich in diesem Zustand, wenn wir sie mit keiner Person, mit der sie verknüpft sein könnten, verbinden können, ohne zusätzliche Schritte auszuführen. In solchen Fällen und außer wenn dies nach geltendem Recht nicht zulässig ist, bewahren wir diese Informationen in einem nicht identifizierten Zustand auf und versuchen nicht, die Person, auf die sich diese Daten beziehen, erneut zu identifizieren.
Offenlegung personenbezogener Daten für geschäftliche oder kommerzielle Zwecke
. Wie im Abschnitt
Gründe für die Weitergabe personenbezogener Daten
dargelegt, geben wir personenbezogene Daten für verschiedene geschäftliche und kommerzielle Zwecke an Dritte weiter. Die wichtigsten geschäftlichen und kommerziellen Zwecke, für die wir personenbezogene Daten weitergeben, sind die in der obigen Tabelle aufgeführten Verarbeitungszwecke. Wir teilen jedoch alle Kategorien von personenbezogenen Daten für geschäftliche und kommerzielle Zwecke aus Abschnitt
Gründe für die Weitergabe personenbezogener Daten
.
Parteien, die die Erfassung personenbezogener Daten kontrollieren
. In bestimmten Situationen könnten wir einem Drittanbieter erlauben, die Erfassung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten zu steuern. Beispielsweise könnten Anwendungen oder Erweiterungen von Drittanbietern, die unter Windows oder in Microsoft Edge ausgeführt werden, personenbezogene Daten nach ihren eigenen Methoden erfassen.
Microsoft gestattet Werbeunternehmen, Informationen über Ihre Interaktionen mit unseren Websites zu erfassen, um personalisierte Anzeigen im Auftrag von Microsoft auszuliefern.  Sie können
unsere externen Werbepartner
im
Hinweis auf die Datenschutzgesetze der US-Bundesstaaten
einsehen und sich auf unserer Abmelde-
Seite
vom Austausch von Daten mit Drittanbietern abmelden.
Zurück zum Anfang
Werbung
Werbung ermöglicht uns, einige unserer Produkte zu unterstützen und zu verbessern. Microsoft verwendet keine Ihrer Inhalte aus E-Mails, Chats zwischen zwei Menschen, Videoanrufen oder Voicemails oder Ihren Dokumenten, Fotos oder anderen persönlichen Dateien, um damit Werbung für Sie zu erzeugen. Wir verwenden andere Daten (s. unten) für Werbung auf Microsoft-Eigentum und auf Eigentum von Drittanbietern. Zum Beispiel:
Microsoft verwendet von uns gesammelte Daten, um einige der Anzeigen auszuwählen und anzubieten, die in den Microsoft-Webeigenschaften wie z. B.
Microsoft.com
, Microsoft Start und Bing angezeigt werden. Wir können diese Daten auch verwenden, um Anzeigen auf digitalen Objekten Dritter auszuwählen und bereitzustellen.
Wenn die Werbe-ID in Windows als Teil Ihrer Datenschutzeinstellungen aktiviert ist, können Dritte auf die Werbe-ID zugreifen und sie verwenden (ähnlich wie Websites auf eine in einem Cookie gespeicherte eindeutige Kennung zugreifen und sie verwenden können), um Werbung in solchen Anwendungen auszuwählen und bereitzustellen.
Wir teilen die Daten, die wir erfassen, mit internen und externen Partnern wie Xandr, Yahoo oder Facebook (siehe unten), damit die Werbeanzeigen in unseren oder deren Produkten für Sie möglichst relevant und nützlich sind.
Werbetreibende können unsere Webbeacons auf ihren Websites platzieren oder ähnliche Technologien verwenden, um Microsoft zu erlauben, auf deren Websites Informationen wie Aktivitäten, Einkäufe und Besuche zu erfassen. Wir nutzen diese Daten im Auftrag unserer Werbekunden, um deren Werbung bereitzustellen.
Die dargestellte Werbung kann auf Daten wie Ihren Interessen und Favoriten, Ihrem aktuellen Standort, Ihren Transaktionen, der Verwendung unserer Produkte, Suchkriterien oder auf Inhalten basieren, die Sie sich gerade ansehen. Wenn Sie sich beispielsweise Inhalte auf Microsoft Start zum Thema Auto anschauen, zeigen wir Autowerbungen an. Wenn Sie „Pizzerien in Seattle” auf Bing suchen, sehen Sie Werbungen in Ihren Suchergebnissen für Restaurants in Seattle.
Weitere Werbung basiert auf andere Informationen, die wir im Laufe der Zeit aus demografischen Daten, Positionsdaten, Suchabfragen, Interessen, Hobbys und Favoriten, Nutzungsdaten von unseren eigenen Produkten und Websites sowie die Informationen, die wir über Sie von den Websites und Apps unserer Partner über Sie erfahren haben. Diese Art von Werbung wird in diesen Bestimmungen als "personalisierte Werbung" klassifiziert. Wenn Sie zum Beispiel Spielinhalte auf
xbox.com
ansehen, sehen Sie möglicherweise Werbung für Spiele auf Microsoft Start. Um personalisierte Werbung zu bieten, speichern wir, sobald Ihr Browser mit unseren Websites interagiert, Cookies auf Ihrem Gerät, die von uns erfasste Informationen (beispielsweise Ihre IP-Adresse) enthalten. Wenn Sie den Empfang personalisierter Werbung ablehnen, werden die diesen Cookies zugeordneten Daten nicht verwendet.
Wir verwenden möglicherweise Informationen über Sie, um Ihnen bei der Verwendung von Microsoft-Diensten personalisierte Werbung zu bieten. Wenn Sie mit Ihrem Microsoft-Konto angemeldet sind und zugestimmt haben, dass Microsoft Edge Ihre Online-Aktivitäten für personalisierte Werbung nutzen darf, werden Ihnen Anzeigen für Produkte und Dienste angezeigt, die auf Ihren Online-Aktivitäten während der Nutzung von Microsoft Edge basieren. Um Ihre Datenschutzeinstellungen für Edge zu konfigurieren, wechseln Sie zu Microsoft Edge > Einstellungen > Datenschutz und Dienste. Um Ihre Datenschutzeinstellungen und Anzeigeneinstellungen für Ihr Microsoft-Konto in Bezug auf Ihre Online-Aktivitäten in verschiedenen Browsern, einschließlich Microsoft Edge, oder beim Besuch von Websites oder Apps von Drittanbietern zu konfigurieren, rufen Sie Ihr Dashboard unter auf
privacy.microsoft.com
.
Weitere Details zu werbebezogenen Verwendungen von Daten umfassen:
Bewährte Methoden und Verpflichtungen der Werbebranche
. Microsoft ist Mitglied der
Network Advertising Initiative
(NAI) und hält sich an den NAI-Verhaltensregeln. Wir halten uns ebenfalls an die folgenden Selbstregulierungsprogramme:
In den USA:
Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA)
In Europa:
European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA)
In Kanada:
Anzeigenoptionen: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)
/
Choix de Pub: l'Alliance de la publicité numérique du Canada (DAAC)
Gesundheitsbezogene Zielgruppenwerbung
. In den Vereinigten Staaten bieten wir personalisierte Werbung auf der Grundlage einer begrenzten Anzahl von einfachen, unempfindlichen und gesundheitsbezogenen Interessenkategorien an, einschließlich Allergien, Arthritis, Cholesterin, Erkältung und Grippe, Diabetes, Magen-Darm-Gesundheit, Kopfschmerzen/Migräne, gesunde Ernährung, gesundes Herz, Männergesundheit, Mundgesundheit, Osteoporose, die Gesundheit der Haut, Schlaf und Vision/Augenpflege. Wir personalisieren auch Anzeigen basierend auf benutzerdefinierten, nicht sensiblen gesundheitsbezogenen Interessenkategorien, wie von Werbetreibenden gewünscht.
Kinder und Werbung
. Wir versenden keine personalisierte Werbung an Kinder, deren Geburtsdatum in ihrem Microsoft-Konto diese als unter 18 Jahre alt identifiziert.
Datenaufbewahrung
. Die Daten aus personalisierter Werbung werden von uns nicht länger als 13 Monate aufbewahrt, es sei denn, dass wir Ihr Einverständnis bekommen, die Daten länger aufzubewahren.
Vertrauliche Daten
. Microsoft Advertising erfasst, verarbeitet oder legt keine personenbezogenen Daten offen, die gemäß den in US-Bundesstaaten geltenden Datenschutzgesetzen als “vertrauliche Daten” gelten, um personalisierte Werbung zu schalten.
Datenfreigabe
. In einigen Fällen teilen wir Berichte mit den Werbungtreibenden über solche Daten, die wir auf ihren Websites oder von ihrer Werbung erfasst haben.
Von anderen Werbefirmen gesammelte Daten
. Inserenten fügen manchmal ihre eigenen Webbeacons (oder die ihrer anderen Werbepartner) in ihren Anzeigen ein, die wir anzeigen, damit sie ihren eigenen Cookie setzen und lesen können. Zusätzlich werden Microsoft-Partner mittels
Xandr
, einem Microsoft-Unternehmen, und Drittanbieter-Anzeigenunternehmen dabei helfen, einige unserer Werbe-Dienste anzubieten und wir erlauben auch anderen Drittanbieter-Anzeigenunternehmen, Werbung auf unseren Seiten zu platzieren. Diese Drittanbieter können Cookies auf Ihrem Computer platzieren und Daten über Ihre Onlineaktivitäten auf Websites oder Onlinediensten sammeln. Dazu gehören momentan u. a. folgende Unternehmen:
Facebook
,
Media.ne
t
,
Outb
rain
,
Taboola
und
Yah
oo
. Wählen Sie einen der obigen Links aus, um weitere Informationen zu den Praktiken des jeweiligen Unternehmens zu erhalten, einschließlich der angebotenen Auswahlmöglichkeiten. Viele dieser Unternehmen sind auch Mitglieder der
NAI
oder
DAA
, die jeweils eine einfache Methode zur Ablehnung von Zielgruppenwerbung von Seiten der teilnehmenden Unternehmen anbieten.
Um den Empfang personalisierter Werbung von Microsoft zu deaktivieren, besuchen Sie unsere
Abmelde
-Seite. Nach der Ablehnung wird Ihre Auswahl in einem für Ihren Computer und den verwendeten Webbrowser spezifischen Cookie gespeichert. Dieses Opt-Out-Cookie hat eine Gültigkeit von fünf Jahren. Falls Sie Cookies auf Ihrem Computer löschen, muss die Ablehnung wiederholt werden.
Zurück zum Anfang
Spracherkennungstechnologien
Spracherkennungstechnologien sind in vielen Microsoft-Produkten und -Diensten integriert. Microsoft bietet sowohl gerätebasierte Spracherkennungsfunktionen an als auch cloudbasierte (Online-) Spracherkennungsfunktionen. Die Spracherkennungstechnologie von Microsoft transkribiert Sprachdaten zu Text. Mit Ihrem Einverständnis können Microsoft-Mitarbeiter und Lieferanten, die im Auftrag von Microsoft arbeiten, Ausschnitte Ihrer Sprachdaten oder Sprachclips überprüfen, um unsere Spracherkennungstechnologien aufzubauen und zu verbessern. Diese Verbesserungen ermöglichen es uns, bessere sprachgesteuerte Funktionen zu entwickeln, von denen Benutzer bei allen unseren Produkten und Diensten für Heimanwender und Unternehmen profitieren. Vor der Überprüfung von Sprachdaten durch Mitarbeiter oder Lieferanten schützen wir die Privatsphäre der Benutzer, indem wir Schritte unternehmen, um die Daten zu anonymisieren. Wir schließen Geheimhaltungsvereinbarungen mit relevanten Lieferanten und ihren Mitarbeitern ab und verlangen, dass Mitarbeiter wie Lieferanten hohe Datenschutzstandards einhalten.
Weitere Informationen über Microsoft und Ihre Sprachdaten
.
Zurück zum Anfang
Vorschau- oder kostenlose Veröffentlichungen
Microsoft bietet Vorschau-, Insider-, Beta- oder andere kostenlose Produkte und Features ("Vorschauen") an, damit Sie diese bewerten können und Microsoft Informationen über Ihre Nutzung des Produkts übermitteln können, einschließlich Feedback, Geräte- und Nutzungsdaten. Als Ergebnis können Vorschau-Optionen automatisch zusätzliche Daten sammeln, weniger Kontrollelemente bereitstellen und auch sonst andere Datenschutz- und Sicherheitsmaßnahmen verwenden als diejenigen, welche typischerweise bei unseren Produkten verwendet werden. Wenn Sie sich an Vorschauoptionen beteiligen, nehmen wir möglicherweise mit Ihnen Kontakt bezüglich Ihrer Rückmeldung oder Ihres Interesses an der Nutzung des besagten Produkts nach deren allgemeinen Veröffentlichung auf.
Zurück zum Anfang
Änderungen an diesen Datenschutzbestimmungen
Wir aktualisieren diese Datenschutzbestimmungen bei Bedarf, um sie transparenter zu machen oder als Reaktion auf:
Feedback von Kunden, Behörden, Branchen oder anderen Beteiligten.
Änderungen an unseren Produkten.
Änderungen an unseren Datenverarbeitungsaktivitäten oder Richtlinien.
Wenn Änderungen an diesen Datenschutzbestimmungen vorgenommen wurden, können Sie das anhand des geänderten Datums unter "letzte Aktualisierung" am Anfang der Datenschutzbestimmungen erkennen. Die Änderungen werden ebenfalls auf der Seite
Änderungsverlauf
beschrieben. Bei grundlegenden Änderungen oder bei Änderungen in Bezug auf die Verwendung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten, die nicht mit dem Zweck übereinstimmen, für den die Daten erhoben wurden, wird entweder vor der Implementierung dieser Änderungen an hervorgehobener Stelle ein Hinweis angezeigt oder Sie erhalten direkt eine Benachrichtigung. Sie sollten diese Datenschutzbestimmungen deshalb regelmäßig überprüfen, um zu erfahren, wie Microsoft Ihre personenbezogenen Daten schützt.
Zurück zum Anfang
So erreichen Sie uns
Wenn Sie Fragen oder Beschwerden zum Thema Datenschutz oder eine Frage an den Datenschutzbeauftragten von Microsoft haben (Leitender Microsoft Datenschutzbeauftragter oder Datenschutzbeauftragter Ihrer Region), verwenden Sie unser
Webformular
, um uns zu kontaktieren. Wir antworten auf Fragen oder Bedenken wie gesetzlich vorgeschrieben und innerhalb eines Zeitraums von höchstens 30 Tagen. Sie können eine Warnung oder eine Beschwerde bei einer Datenschutzbehörde oder einer anderen offiziellen zuständigen Behörde einreichen.
Wenn Microsoft ein Datenverantwortlicher ist, gilt (sofern nicht anders angegeben), dass Microsoft Corporation der Datenverantwortliche für die Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten ist, die wir über die Produkte erfassen, für die diese Erklärung gilt. Im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum, im Vereinigten Königreich und in der Schweiz ist Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited dieser Datenverantwortliche. Unsere Adressen sind:
Microsoft Privacy, Microsoft Corporation, One Microsoft Way, Redmond, Washington 98052, USA. Telefon: +1 (425) 882 8080.
Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited, Attn: Datenschutzbeauftragter, One Microsoft Place, South County Business Park, Leopardstown, Dublin 18, Irland. Telefon +353 1 706 3117.
Die Microsoft-Niederlassung in Ihrem Land oder Ihrer Region finden Sie in der Liste der
Microsoft-Niederlassungen auf der ganzen Welt
.
Der Vertreter von Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited im Sinne von Art. 14 des Schweizerischen Bundesgesetzes über den Datenschutz ist Microsoft Schweiz GmbH, The Circle 02, 8058 Zürich-Flughafen, Schweiz.
Wenn Sie Ihre Rechte gemäß den in US-Bundesstaaten geltenden Datenschutzgesetzen wahrnehmen möchten, können Sie sich unter der oben genannten US-Adresse an Microsoft wenden, unser
Webformular
verwenden, oder uns über unsere gebührenfreie USA-Nummer +1 (844) 931 2038 anrufen.
Wenn Sie in einer der Provinzen Kanadas wohnhaft sind, können Sie sich an den Microsoft Data Protection Officer für Kanada wenden bei Microsoft Canada Head Office, 4400-81 Bay St, Toronto, ON, M5J 0E7, +1 (416) 349 2506, oder unser
Webformular
verwenden.
Nach französischem Recht können Sie uns hier zudem spezifische Anweisungen über die Verwendung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten nach Ihrem Tod senden, indem Sie unser
Webformular
verwenden.
Rufen Sie bei Technik- oder Supportfragen
Microsoft-Support
auf, um mehr über die Microsoft-Supportangebote zu erfahren. Rufen Sie
Microsoft-Kontosupport
auf, wenn Sie eine Frage zum Kennwort eines persönlichen Microsoft-Kontos haben.
Wir bieten verschiedene Möglichkeiten, wie Sie Ihre personenbezogenen Daten, die Microsoft erworben hat, kontrollieren und auf diese zugreifen können, und Ihre Datenschutzrechte ausüben können. Wenden Sie sich hierzu an Microsoft über unser
Webformular
oder die oben genannten Informationen, oder verwenden Sie die verschiedenen Tools, die wir bereitstellen. Weitere Informationen finden Sie im Abschnitt
Zugriff auf Ihre personenbezogenen Daten und Steuerung
.
Zusammenfassung anzeigen
Weitere Infos
Zurück zum Anfang
Künstliche Intelligenz und Microsoft Copilot-Funktionen
Microsoft nutzt die Leistungsfähigkeit von künstlicher Intelligenz (KI) in vielen unserer Produkte und Dienste, einschließlich der Integration von generativen KI-Features wie Microsoft Copilot-Funktionen. Die Bereitstellung und Nutzung von KI durch Microsoft unterliegt den
KI-Grundsätzen
und dem
Standard für verantwortungsvolle KI
von Microsoft. Die Erhebung und Nutzung personenbezogener Daten durch Microsoft bei der Entwicklung und Bereitstellung von KI-Funktionen steht im Einklang mit den in dieser Datenschutzerklärung dargelegten Verpflichtungen. Produktspezifische Details enthalten zusätzliche relevante Informationen. Weitere Informationen dazu, wie Microsoft KI verwendet, finden Sie
hier
.
Microsoft Copilot-Funktionen.
Microsoft Copilot
ist der alltägliche KI-Begleiter von Microsoft und wurde entwickelt, um Ihnen dabei zu helfen, mehr zu erreichen – durch eine einzige Erfahrung, die geräteübergreifend ist und den relevanten Kontext im Web, auf Ihrem PC und in verschiedenen Apps versteht, um Ihnen die richtigen Fähigkeiten zur richtigen Zeit zur Verfügung zu stellen. Mithilfe von Copilot können Benutzer unter anderem mit dem Entwurf eines neuen Word-Dokuments beginnen, beim Zugriff auf Copilot in M365-Apps eine PowerPoint-Präsentation erstellen, schnell Antworten auf komplexe Suchabfragen online finden, relevante Dokumente oder andere persönliche Inhalte finden oder sich zum Erstellen neuer Lieder, Geschichten, Bilder oder anderer Inhalte inspirieren lassen. Copilot ist eine Familie von Diensten, und die Sammlung und Verwendung von Daten durch Microsoft kann sich je nach Dienst und beabsichtigter Funktionalität in einem bestimmten Szenario unterscheiden.
Die Copilot
Website
und App (verfügbar für iOS und Android) ist das Herzstück der Copilot-Erfahrung für Verbraucher. Innerhalb dieser Kernerfahrung können Benutzer das Web durchsuchen, Texte, Bilder, Lieder oder andere Ausgaben erstellen oder sonstige Funktionen wie Plug-Ins nutzen. Auf der Website und in der App geben Benutzer „Eingabeaufforderungen“ ein, die Copilot Anweisungen geben (z. B. „Geben Sie mir Empfehlungen für ein Restaurant, das Gruppen von 10 Personen in meiner Nähe beherbergt“). Um eine relevante Antwort bereitzustellen, verwendet Copilot diese Eingabeaufforderung zusammen mit dem Standort, der Sprache und ähnlichen Einstellungen des Benutzers, um eine hilfreiche Antwort zu formulieren. In einigen Märkten können authentifizierte Benutzer Copilot Zugriff auf den vorherigen Aufforderungsverlauf gewähren, um das Produkt besser zu personalisieren. Das Copilot-Produkt des Verbrauchers verwendet die gesammelten Daten, um die Copilot-Dienste bereitzustellen und zu verbessern, einschließlich relevanter Werbung. Benutzer, die bei ihrem Konto angemeldet sind, können ihren Aufforderungsverlauf im Produkt und auf dem Microsoft-Datenschutzdashboard verwalten und ihren Standort, ihre Sprache und andere Einstellungen im Produkt anpassen.
Copilot wird auch als Assistent in anderen Microsoft-Verbraucherprodukten wie Bing und Microsoft Edge angezeigt. In diesen Situationen sind Datenverarbeitungsaktivitäten in der Regel auf die primären Verwendungszwecke dieser Produkte abgestimmt. Beispielsweise steht Copilot bei der Nutzung und Erfassung personenbezogener Daten durch Bing im Einklang mit dem Kernangebot der Websuche von Bing, wie im Abschnitt für das Suchen und Durchsuchen dieser Datenschutzerklärung beschrieben. Weitere Informationen über Copilot in Bing finden Sie unter
Copilot in Bing: Unser Ansatz für verantwortungsvolle KI
. In Microsoft Edge erscheint Copilot in der Seitenleiste und kann dem Benutzer dabei helfen, Aufgaben im Zusammenhang mit den von ihm besuchten Webseiten zu erledigen (z. B. „Diese Seite zusammenfassen“). Diese Daten werden in Übereinstimmung mit dem Microsoft Edge-Abschnitt dieser Datenschutzerklärung verwendet.
Copilot Pro
ist ein weiteres Copilot-Angebot für Verbraucher und bietet Abonnenten vorrangigen Zugriff auf die neuesten Modelle, verbesserte Möglichkeiten zur Bilderstellung und Zugriff auf Copilot in Microsoft Word, PowerPoint, OneNote, Excel und Outlook. Die Hauptwebsite und -app von Copilot Pro verfügt über ähnliche Datenerfassung, -nutzung und -steuerelemente wie die oben beschriebene Copilot-App für Verbraucher. Ähnliche Copilot-Funktionen sind auch in Microsoft 365 Family- und Microsoft 365 Personal-Abonnements enthalten. Wenn Copilot in Microsoft 365-Produkte integriert ist, entspricht die Datenerfassung durch Copilot der Art und Weise, wie die Datenerfassung und -nutzung im Abschnitt „Produktivität und Kommunikation“ dieser Datenschutzerklärung beschrieben wird.
Es gibt auch Copilot-Angebote für Unternehmensbenutzer. Bei Aktivierung durch ein berechtigtes Unternehmen wird Benutzern, die mit ihrer Entra-ID angemeldet sind und auf Copilot-Verbraucherdienste zugreifen möchten, Copilot mit kommerziellem Datenschutz angeboten, wodurch die Datenerfassung und -nutzung im Einklang mit den Erwartungen von Unternehmensbenutzern minimiert wird. Weitere Informationen zu Copilot mit kommerziellem Datenschutz finden Sie
hier
.
Microsoft 365 Copilot, verfügbar für Microsoft 365-Enterprise-Angebote, bietet Datenschutz auf Unternehmensniveau sowie Zugriff auf das Unternehmensdiagramm, Copilot innerhalb von Microsoft 365 und Teams und zusätzliche Anpassungsfeatures. Die Datenerfassung und -verwendung in Microsoft 365 Copilot entspricht den im Abschnitt „Enterprise- und Developerprodukte“ dieser Datenschutzerklärung beschriebenen Methoden.
Zurück zum Anfang
Produkte für Unternehmen und Entwickler
Produkte für Unternehmen und Entwickler sind Microsoft-Produkte und ähnliche Software, die in erster Linie Organisationen und Entwicklern angeboten werden und für diese konzipiert sind. Diese Supportoptionen umfassen:
Cloud-Dienste, die in den Produktbedingungen als Online-Dienste bezeichnet werden, wie Microsoft 365 und Office 365, Microsoft Azure, Microsoft Dynamics365 und Microsoft Intune, für die eine Organisation (unser Kunde) mit Microsoft einen Vertrag über die Dienste abschließt ("Enterprise Online Services").
Andere Unternehmens- und Entwicklertools und cloudbasierte Dienste, z. B. Azure PlayFab-Dienste (weitere Informationen finden Sie in den
Azure PlayFab-Nutzungsbedingungen
).
Server-, Entwickler- und Hybrid-Cloud-Plattformprodukte wie Windows Server, SQL Server, Visual Studio und System Center, Azure Stack sowie Open Source-Software wie Bot Framework-Lösungen („Software für Unternehmen und Entwickler”).
Anwendungen und Hardware für die Speicherinfrastruktur, z. B. StorSimple („Unternehmensanwendungen”).
Professionelle Dienstleistungen, auf die in den Produktbedingungen Bezug genommen wird und die mit den Enterprise Online Services verfügbar sind, wie z. B. Onboarding-Services, Datenmigrationsservices, Data-Science-Services oder Services zur Ergänzung bestehender Funktionen der Enterprise Online Services.
Im Falle eines Konflikts zwischen diesen Microsoft-Datenschutzbestimmungen und den Bedingungen einer bzw. mehrerer Vereinbarung(en) zwischen einem Kunden und Microsoft für Produkte für Unternehmen und Entwickler, sind die Bedingungen dieser Vereinbarung(en) ausschlaggebend.
In der Produktdokumentation erhalten Sie ebenfalls Informationen über die Funktionen und Einstellungen unserer Produkte für Unternehmen und Entwickler, einschließlich der Optionen, die Auswirkungen auf Ihre Privatsphäre oder den Datenschutz unserer Endbenutzer haben.
Wenn einer der nachstehenden Begriffe in dieser Datenschutzerklärung oder den
Produktbedingungen
nicht definiert ist, gelten für ihn die nachstehenden Definitionen.
Allgemein
. Wenn ein Kunde Unternehmens- und Entwicklerprodukte ausprobiert, erwirbt, verwendet oder abonniert oder Support oder professionelle Dienste für diese Produkte in Anspruch nimmt, erhält Microsoft Daten von Ihnen und sammelt und generiert Daten, um den Dienst bereitzustellen (einschließlich der Verbesserung, Sicherung und Aktualisierung des Dienstes), unsere Geschäftsabläufe durchzuführen und mit dem Kunden zu kommunizieren. Zum Beispiel:
Wenn ein Kunde mit einem Microsoft-Vertriebsmitarbeiter zusammenarbeitet, erfassen wir den Namen des Kunden und die Kontaktdaten zusammen mit Informationen über das Unternehmen des Kunden, das diesen Auftrag unterstützt.
Wenn ein Kunde mit einem Supportmitarbeiter von Microsoft interagiert, erfassen wir diese Geräte- und Nutzungsdaten oder Fehlerberichte, um Probleme zu diagnostizieren und zu beheben.
Wenn ein Kunde für die Produkte zahlt, erfassen wir die Kontaktinformationen und Zahlungsdaten.
Wenn Microsoft Mitteilungen an einen Kunden sendet, verwenden wir die Daten zur Personalisierung des Inhalts der Mitteilung.
Wenn ein Kunde sich für professionelle Dienstleistungen von Microsoft interessiert, erfassen wir den Namen und die Kontaktdaten der vom Kunden benannten Kontaktstelle und verwenden die vom Kunden zur Verfügung gestellten Informationen, um die vom Kunden angeforderten Dienstleistungen auszuführen.
Mit den Produkten für Unternehmen und Entwickler können Sie andere Produkte und Onlinedienste mit unterschiedlichen Datenschutzpraktiken von Microsoft oder von Drittanbietern erwerben, abonnieren oder verwenden. Diese anderen Produkte und Onlinedienste unterliegen ihren jeweiligen Datenschutzbestimmungen und Richtlinien.
Produkte für Unternehmen und Entwickler sind Microsoft-Produkte und ähnliche Software, die in erster Linie Organisationen und Entwicklern angeboten werden und für diese konzipiert sind. Diese Supportoptionen umfassen:
Cloud-Dienste, die in den Produktbedingungen als Online-Dienste bezeichnet werden, wie Microsoft 365 und Office 365, Microsoft Azure, Microsoft Dynamics365 und Microsoft Intune, für die eine Organisation (unser Kunde) mit Microsoft einen Vertrag über die Dienste abschließt ("Enterprise Online Services").
Andere Unternehmens- und Entwicklertools und cloudbasierte Dienste, z. B. Azure PlayFab-Dienste (weitere Informationen finden Sie in den
Azure PlayFab-Nutzungsbedingungen
).
Server-, Entwickler- und Hybrid-Cloud-Plattformprodukte wie Windows Server, SQL Server, Visual Studio und System Center, Azure Stack sowie Open Source-Software wie Bot Framework-Lösungen („Software für Unternehmen und Entwickler”).
Anwendungen und Hardware für die Speicherinfrastruktur, z. B. StorSimple („Unternehmensanwendungen”).
Professionelle Dienstleistungen, auf die in den Produktbedingungen Bezug genommen wird und die mit den Enterprise Online Services verfügbar sind, wie z. B. Onboarding-Services, Datenmigrationsservices, Data-Science-Services oder Services zur Ergänzung bestehender Funktionen der Enterprise Online Services.
Im Falle eines Konflikts zwischen diesen Microsoft-Datenschutzbestimmungen und den Bedingungen einer bzw. mehrerer Vereinbarung(en) zwischen einem Kunden und Microsoft für Produkte für Unternehmen und Entwickler, sind die Bedingungen dieser Vereinbarung(en) ausschlaggebend.
In der Produktdokumentation erhalten Sie ebenfalls Informationen über die Funktionen und Einstellungen unserer Produkte für Unternehmen und Entwickler, einschließlich der Optionen, die Auswirkungen auf Ihre Privatsphäre oder den Datenschutz unserer Endbenutzer haben.
Wenn einer der nachstehenden Begriffe in dieser Datenschutzerklärung oder den
Produktbedingungen
nicht definiert ist, gelten für ihn die nachstehenden Definitionen.
Allgemein
. Wenn ein Kunde Unternehmens- und Entwicklerprodukte ausprobiert, erwirbt, verwendet oder abonniert oder Support oder professionelle Dienste für diese Produkte in Anspruch nimmt, erhält Microsoft Daten von Ihnen und sammelt und generiert Daten, um den Dienst bereitzustellen (einschließlich der Verbesserung, Sicherung und Aktualisierung des Dienstes), unsere Geschäftsabläufe durchzuführen und mit dem Kunden zu kommunizieren. Zum Beispiel:
Wenn ein Kunde mit einem Microsoft-Vertriebsmitarbeiter zusammenarbeitet, erfassen wir den Namen des Kunden und die Kontaktdaten zusammen mit Informationen über das Unternehmen des Kunden, das diesen Auftrag unterstützt.
Wenn ein Kunde mit einem Supportmitarbeiter von Microsoft interagiert, erfassen wir diese Geräte- und Nutzungsdaten oder Fehlerberichte, um Probleme zu diagnostizieren und zu beheben.
Wenn ein Kunde für die Produkte zahlt, erfassen wir die Kontaktinformationen und Zahlungsdaten.
Wenn Microsoft Mitteilungen an einen Kunden sendet, verwenden wir die Daten zur Personalisierung des Inhalts der Mitteilung.
Wenn ein Kunde sich für professionelle Dienstleistungen von Microsoft interessiert, erfassen wir den Namen und die Kontaktdaten der vom Kunden benannten Kontaktstelle und verwenden die vom Kunden zur Verfügung gestellten Informationen, um die vom Kunden angeforderten Dienstleistungen auszuführen.
Mit den Produkten für Unternehmen und Entwickler können Sie andere Produkte und Onlinedienste mit unterschiedlichen Datenschutzpraktiken von Microsoft oder von Drittanbietern erwerben, abonnieren oder verwenden. Diese anderen Produkte und Onlinedienste unterliegen ihren jeweiligen Datenschutzbestimmungen und Richtlinien.
Onlinedienste für Unternehmen
Um die Enterprise-Onlinedienste bereitzustellen, verwendet Microsoft Daten, die Sie zur Verfügung stellen (einschließlich Kundendaten, personenbezogene Daten, Verwaltungsdaten, Zahlungsdaten und Supportdaten) sowie Daten, die Microsoft erfasst oder im Zusammenhang mit Ihrer Nutzung der Enterprise-Onlinedienste generiert. Wir verarbeiten Daten wie in den
Produktbedingungen
,
Nachtrag zum Datenschutz für Microsoft-Produkte (Products and Services DPA)
und im
Microsoft Trust Center
beschrieben.
Personenbezogene Daten
. Der Kunde ist der Controller personenbezogener Daten, und Microsoft ist der Verarbeiter dieser Daten, es sei denn, (a) der Kunde handelt als Verarbeiter personenbezogener Daten, wobei in diesem Fall Microsoft ein Unterverarbeiter ist, oder (b) es ist in der
Standard-DPA für Produkte und Dienstleistungen (https://aka.ms/dpa) anders angegeben
. Darüber hinaus hat Microsoft gemäß der
Standard-DPA für Produkte und Dienste
die zusätzlichen Zuständigkeiten eines Datenverantwortlichen im Rahmen der DSGVO übernommen, wenn personenbezogene Daten im Zusammenhang mit seinem Geschäftsbetriebsvorfall verarbeitet werden, um seine Dienste für kommerzielle Kunden von Microsoft bereitzustellen, z. B. Abrechnung und Kontoverwaltung, Kompensation, interne Berichterstellung und Geschäftsmodellierung sowie Finanzberichte. Wir verwenden personenbezogene Daten in der am wenigsten identifizierbaren Form, um die für diese Geschäftsvorgänge erforderliche Verarbeitung zu unterstützen. Wir verlassen uns auf statistische Daten und fassen pseudonymisierte personenbezogene Daten zusammen, bevor wir sie für unsere Geschäftsabläufe verwenden, so dass keine Möglichkeit besteht, bestimmte Personen zu identifizieren.
Administratordaten
. Administratordaten sind die Informationen, die Microsoft während der Registrierung, dem Kauf oder der Verwaltung von Unternehmens-Onlinediensten zur Verfügung gestellt werden. Wir verwenden Administratordaten, um Onlinedienste für Unternehmen, komplette Transaktionen sowie die Wartung des Kontos anzubieten, und um einen Betrug zu erkennen und zu verhindern und für die Einhaltung unserer gesetzlichen Verpflichtung. Administratordaten enthalten den Namen, die Adresse, Telefonnummer und E-Mail-Adresse, die von Ihnen zur Verfügung gestellt werden sowie aggregierte Nutzungsdaten Ihres Kontos, wie beispielsweise die von Ihnen ausgewählten Steuerelemente. Administratordaten können auch Kontaktinformationen Ihrer Kollegen und Freunde enthalten, falls Sie damit einverstanden sind, diese Microsoft für den begrenzten Zweck der Zusendung einer Einladung für die Enterprise-Onlinedienste zu liefern. Wir werden diese Personen möglicherweise mit Informationen über Sie kontaktieren, wie beispielsweise Ihrem Namen und Ihrem Profilfoto.
Bei Bedarf werden wir Administratordaten verwenden, um Sie zu kontaktieren, und um Informationen über ihr Konto, Ihre Abonnements, Abrechnungen und Aktualisierungen der Onlinedienste für Unternehmen bereitzustellen, einschließlich Informationen über neue Funktionen, Sicherheit oder technische Probleme. Wir werden Sie möglicherweise auch bezüglich Anfragen von Dritten kontaktieren, die wir aus Ihrer Verwendung der Onlinedienste für Unternehmen erhalten, wie im Vertrag festgelegt. Sie können sich von diesen werbungsfreien Kommunikationen nicht abmelden. Wir können Sie auch bezüglich Informationen und Angeboten über andere Produkte und – Dienstleistungen kontaktieren oder Ihre Kontaktinformationen mit Microsoft-Partnern teilen. Wenn solche Partner bestimmte Dienste oder Lösungen für Ihre Bedürfnisse haben oder die Nutzung der Onlinedienste für Unternehmen optimieren, kann Microsoft beschränkte, zusammengefasste Informationen zum Konto Ihres Unternehmens an den Partner weitergeben. Microsoft teilt keine vertraulichen Daten oder Kontaktinformationen mit autorisierten Partnern, wenn wir nicht über eine ausreichende Berechtigung verfügen. In Ihrem Kontoprofil können Sie Ihre Kontakteinstellungen verwalten oder Ihre Informationen aktualisieren.
Zahlungsdaten
. Wir verwenden Zahlungsdaten, um Transaktionen abzuschließen oder um Betrug zu erkennen und zu verhindern.
Supportdaten
. Kunden stellen Microsoft Daten zur Verfügung oder ermächtigen Microsoft, Daten im Zusammenhang mit dem Erhalt von technischem Support für die Enterprise-Onlinedienste zu erfassen. Wir verarbeiten Supportdaten, um technischen Support bereitzustellen und wie in der
DPA für Produkte und Dienste
beschrieben.
Lokale Software- und Diagnosedaten
. Einige Onlinedienste erfordern möglicherweise die Installation lokaler Software (z. B. Agenten, Geräteverwaltungsanwendungen) oder können durch diese erweitert werden. Die lokale Software kann Diagnosedaten (wie in der
Produkt- und Dienst-DPA
definiert) über die Verwendung und Leistung dieser Software sammeln. Diese Daten können an Microsoft übermittelt und für die im
DPA für Produkte und Dienste
beschriebenen Zwecke verwendet werden.
Bing-Suche-Dienstdaten
. Bing-Suchdienste, wie in den Produktbedingungen definiert, verwenden Daten wie Suchanfragen, wie im Abschnitt
Bing
dieser Datenschutzerklärung beschrieben.
Zurück zum Anfang
Software für Unternehmen und Entwickler und Unternehmensanwendungen
Software für Unternehmen und Entwickler und Unternehmensanwendungen sammeln Daten, um einen effektiven Betrieb zu garantieren und Ihnen die besten Erfahrungen zu bieten. Die Daten, die wir erheben, hängen zwar von den von Ihnen verwendeten Funktionen sowie der Konfiguration und den Einstellungen ab, sie sind allerdings in der Regel auf Geräte- und Nutzungsdaten beschränkt. Kunden haben die Wahl zu bestimmen, welche Daten sie bereitstellen möchten. Hier einige Beispiele für die von uns erhobenen Daten:
Während der Installation oder beim Ausführen eines Upgrades für eine Entwickler- oder Unternehmenssoftware erfassen wir möglicherweise Geräte- und Nutzungsdaten, um zu erfahren, ob Probleme aufgetreten sind.
Wenn Sie Unternehmenssoftware oder Unternehmensanwendungen verwenden, erfassen wir möglicherweise Geräte- und Nutzungsdaten zur Verbesserung der Sicherheitsfunktionen Ihrer Betriebsumgebung.
Bei einem Absturz der Software oder Unternehmensanwendungen können Sie Microsoft einen Fehlerbericht senden, damit wir das Problem diagnostizieren und Kundensupport anbieten können.
Microsoft verwendet die von der Software für Unternehmen und Entwickler sowie von Unternehmensanwendungen erfassten Daten, um unsere Produkte zu verbessern, Kundensupport zum Aktivieren des Produkts anzubieten, mit Ihnen zu kommunizieren und für unsere Geschäftstätigkeit.
Microsoft SQL Server ist ein relationales Datenbankmanagementsystem und umfasst Produkte, die separat installiert werden können (z. B. SQL Server Management Studio). Ausführliche Informationen dazu, welche Daten wir sammeln, wie wir sie verwenden und wie Sie Ihre Datenschutzoptionen verwalten, finden Sie auf der
SQL Server-Datenschutzseite
. Wenn Sie in einer Organisation arbeiten, kann Ihr Administrator in Microsoft SQL Server über Gruppenrichtlinien bestimmte Einstellungen für Telemetrie festlegen.
HoloLens
. HoloLens-Headsets sind eigenständige Windows-Computer mit WLAN-Verbindung, die für Anwendungen und Lösungen ein Mixed Reality-Erlebnis ermöglichen. Microsoft sammelt Diagnosedaten, um Probleme zu lösen und um Windows auf HoloLens aktuell, sicher und funktionstüchtig zu halten. Diagnosedaten helfen uns auch bei der Verbesserung von HoloLens und verwandten Microsoft-Produkten und -Diensten, je nachdem, welche Diagnosedateneinstellungen Sie für Ihr Gerät ausgewählt haben.
Weitere Informationen über Windows-Diagnosedaten
.
HoloLens verarbeitet und sammelt auch Daten im Zusammenhang mit der HoloLens-Erfahrung und dem HoloLens-Gerät, zu dem Kameras, Mikrofone und Infrarotsensoren gehören, welche die Navigation durch Bewegungen und Stimme ermöglichen.
Wenn Sie es wünschen, können Kameras verwendet werden, um Sie automatisch mit Ihrer Irisblende anzumelden. Zu diesem Zweck nimmt HoloLens ein Bild Ihrer Iris auf und misst die Abstände zwischen den Schlüsselpunkten, um einen numerischen Wert zu erstellen und zu speichern, der nur Sie repräsentiert. Diese Daten verbleiben auf der Microsoft HoloLens und werden an niemanden weitergegeben. Sie können diese Daten jederzeit von Ihrer HoloLens löschen lassen.
HoloLens erkennt auch Handgesten für Systeminteraktionen (z. B. Menünavigation, Schwenken/Zoomen und Scrollen). Diese Daten werden auf Ihrem HoloLens-Gerät verarbeitet und nicht gespeichert.
HoloLens leitet auf der Grundlage Ihrer Umgebung Tracking-Punkte ab, die ermöglichen, Oberflächen im Raum zu kennen und digitale Objekte darauf zu platzieren. Mit diesen Umgebungsdaten sind keine Bilder verbunden, und sie werden lokal auf dem HoloLens-Gerät gespeichert. Sie können diese Daten jederzeit von Ihrer Microsoft HoloLens löschen lassen.
Die Mikrofone des Headsets ermöglichen Sprachbefehle zur Navigation, Steuerung von Apps oder zur Eingabe von Suchbegriffen.
Weitere Informationen über Sprachdatenerfassung
.
Zusammenfassung anzeigen
Weitere Infos
Zurück zum Anfang
Produktivitäts- und Kommunikationsprodukte
Produktivitäts- und Kommunikationsprodukte sind Anwendungen, Software und Dienste, die Sie zum Erstellen, Speichern und Freigeben von Dokumenten verwenden und um mit anderen zu kommunizieren.
Produktivitäts- und Kommunikationsprodukte sind Anwendungen, Software und Dienste, die Sie zum Erstellen, Speichern und Freigeben von Dokumenten verwenden und um mit anderen zu kommunizieren.
Microsoft 365, Office und andere Produktivitäts-Apps
Microsoft 365 (frühere Versionen wurden als Office 365 bezeichnet) ist eine Sammlung von Produktivitäts-Abonnementdiensten und Anwendungen wie Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, and OneNote. Office ist die einmalig zu erwerbende Version dieser Anwendungen, die auf PC oder Mac verfügbar ist und Access und Publisher beinhaltet. Sowohl Microsoft 365 als auch Office umfassen Client-Softwareanwendungen und verbundene Onlinedienste (oder Web-Apps im Falle von Microsoft 365 für das Web) für mehrere Plattformen mit zahlreichen ineinandergreifenden Anwendungen. Weitere Informationen zu Outlook finden Sie im Abschnitt
Outlook
dieser Datenschutzerklärung.
Die verschiedenen cloudbasierten Microsoft 365-Dienste bieten Ihnen die Möglichkeit, Ihre Dateiinhalte für Designs und Empfehlungen zu verwenden, gemeinsam mit anderen Benutzern an Dokumenten zu arbeiten und die Funktionen anderer Microsoft-Produkte, wie z. B. Bing, oder verbundene Produkte von Drittanbietern zu nutzen. Wenn Sie in einem Unternehmen arbeiten, kann Ihr Administrator diese verbundenen Dienste aktivieren oder deaktivieren. Sie können auf die Datenschutzkontrollen in Ihren Microsoft 365- und Office-Apps zugreifen. Weitere Informationen finden Sie unter
Konto-Datenschutzeinstellungen
.
Office-Roamingdienst
. Der Office-Roamingdienst hilft Ihnen dabei, Ihre Einstellungen, einschließlich jener für den Datenschutz, auf all Ihren Microsoft 365-Geräten oder in Office-Apps auf dem neuesten Stand zu halten. Wenn Sie sich bei Ihren Apps entweder mit Ihrem Microsoft-Konto oder einem Konto Ihrer Organisation anmelden, synchronisiert der Dienst einige Ihrer benutzerdefinierten Einstellungen mit Microsoft-Servern. Beispielsweise synchronisiert der Dienst eine Liste der zuletzt verwendeten Dokumente oder die letzte Stelle, die in einem Dokument angezeigt wurde. Wenn Sie sich auf einem anderen Gerät mit demselben Konto anmelden, lädt der Office-Roamingdienst Ihre Einstellungen von den Microsoft-Servern herunter und wendet diese bei dem zusätzlichen Gerät an. Wenn Sie sich von Ihren Apps abmelden, entfernt der Dienst Ihre Einstellungen von Ihrem Gerät. Alle durch Sie an Ihren benutzerdefinierten Einstellungen vorgenommenen Änderungen werden an Microsoft-Server gesendet.
Updates von Microsoft
. Microsoft verwendet Dienste wie Klick-und-Los, Microsoft AutoUpdate (für Mac) oder Microsoft Update (für einige Versionen von Office), um Ihnen Sicherheitsupdates und weitere wichtige Updates zur Verfügung zu stellen.
Diese Dienste können die Verfügbarkeit von Onlineupdates für Microsoft 365- oder Office-Apps auf Ihrem Gerät automatisch erkennen und diese automatisch herunterladen und installieren.
Diagnosedaten
. Diagnosedaten dienen dazu, (i) Ihre Microsoft 365- oder Office-Anwendungen zu schützen und auf dem neuesten Stand zu halten, (ii) Probleme zu erkennen, zu diagnostizieren und zu beheben und (iii) Produktverbesserungen vorzunehmen. Diese Daten enthalten weder Namen oder E-Mail-Adressen von Benutzern, Inhalte der Dateien der Benutzer noch Informationen zu Apps, die nicht mit Microsoft 365 oder Office im Zusammenhang stehen. Die Benutzer können zwischen zwei verschiedenen Ebenen der Diagnosedatensammlung wählen: „Erforderlich“ und „Optional“.
Erforderlich
. Die Daten, die mindestens erforderlich sind, um Anwendungen zu schützen, auf dem neuesten Stand zu halten und dafür zu sorgen, dass sie ordnungsgemäß auf dem Gerät, auf dem sie installiert sind, funktionieren.
Optional
. Zusätzliche Daten, die uns dabei helfen, Produktverbesserungen vorzunehmen. Sie umfassen erweiterte Informationen zur Erkennung, Diagnose und Behebung von Problemen.
Weitere Informationen finden Sie unter
Diagnosedaten
.
Verbundene Umgebungen
. Microsoft 365 bietet immer wieder neue Erfahrungen in Client-Anwendungen an, die mit cloudbasierten Diensten verbunden sind, und von diesen Diensten unterstützt werden. Eine Untergruppe dieser verbundenen Anwendungen ist auch in Office verfügbar. Wenn Sie sich für die Verwendung verbundener Anwendungen entscheiden, werden die erforderlichen Dienstdaten gesammelt, damit diese verbundenen Erfahrungen zuverlässig, aktuell und sicher bleiben und wie erwartet funktionieren. Nachstehend finden Sie weitere Informationen zu den erforderlichen Dienstdaten.
Beispiele für verbundene Anwendungen sind die Zusammenarbeit an einem Dokument, das auf OneDrive gespeichert ist, oder die Übersetzung eines Word-Dokuments in eine andere Sprache. Es gibt zwei Arten von verbundenen Anwendungen:
Erfahrungen, die Ihre Inhalte analysieren
. Anwendungen, die Ihre Dateiinhalte verwenden, um Ihnen z. B. Designempfehlungen, Bearbeitungstipps oder Dateneinblicke bereitzustellen. Beispiele: PowerPoint-Designer oder -Editor in Word.
Umgebungen, die Onlineinhalte herunterladen
. Anwendungen, mit denen Sie Online-Inhalte suchen und herunterladen können, z. B. Vorlagen, Bilder, 3D-Modelle, Videos und Referenzmaterial, um Ihre Dokumente zu optimieren. Beispiele: Vorlagen oder PowerPoint QuickStarter.
Sie können auf die Datenschutzkontrollen in Ihren Microsoft 365- und Office-Client-Apps zugreifen. Über diese Datenschutzeinstellungen können Sie Ihre verbundenen Anwendungen konfigurieren. Sie könnten z. B. verbundene Anwendungen so einstellen, dass Online-Inhalte heruntergeladen, jedoch keine Inhalte analysiert werden können. Durch das Deaktivieren verbundener Anwendungen werden auch alle zusätzlichen Erfahrungen deaktiviert, z. B. die gemeinsame Dokumenterstellung und die Online-Speicherung von Dateien. Auch wenn Sie diese Datenschutzeinstellung verwenden, um verbundene Anwendungen zu deaktivieren, stehen bestimmte Funktionen weiterhin zur Verfügung, z. B. die Synchronisierung Ihres Outlook-Postfachs und einige erforderliche Dienste (siehe unten). Diese Steuerelemente sind nicht verfügbar, wenn Sie Microsoft 365 für das Web verwenden, da Sie in diesem Fall bereits mit der Cloud verbunden sind. Weitere Informationen zum Zugriff auf diese Steuerelemente finden Sie unter
Kontodatenschutzeinstellungen.
Wenn Sie bestimmte Arten von verbundenen Anwendungen deaktivieren, wird entweder das Menüband oder der Menübefehl für diese verbundenen Anwendungen abgeblendet oder Sie erhalten eine Fehlermeldung, wenn Sie versuchen, diese verbundenen Anwendungen zu nutzen.
Essential Dienste
. Es gibt eine Reihe von Diensten, die für das Funktionieren von Microsoft 365 und Office unerlässlich sind. Diese können nicht deaktiviert werden. Beispielsweise ist der Lizenzierungsdienst, der bestätigt, dass Sie für die Nutzung von Microsoft 365 ordnungsgemäß lizenziert sind, ein erforderlicher Dienst. Erforderliche Dienstdaten zu diesen Diensten werden erfasst und an Microsoft gesendet, unabhängig von etwaigen anderen Einstellungen, die Sie konfiguriert haben. Weitere Informationen finden Sie unter
wesentliche Dienste
.
Erforderliche Dienstdaten für verbundene Umgebungen
. Wenn Sie eine verbundene Anwendung nutzen, werden Daten an Microsoft gesendet und dort verarbeitet, um Ihnen diese verbundene Anwendung verfügbar zu machen. Diese Daten sind von entscheidender Bedeutung, da sie uns in die Lage versetzen, diese Cloud-basierten verbundenen Anwendungen zu liefern. Wir nennen diese Daten „erforderliche Dienstdaten“.
Zu den erforderlichen Dienstdaten können Informationen zum Betrieb der verbundenen Umgebung gehören, die für die Gewährleistung der Sicherheit, Aktualität und erwarteten Leistung des zugrunde liegenden Dienstes erforderlich sind. Wenn Sie sich für eine verbundene Anwendung entscheiden, die Ihren Inhalt analysiert, z. B. Übersetzen in Word, wird der von Ihnen eingegebene und zum Übersetzen ausgewählte Text ebenfalls weiter gesendet und verarbeitet, um Ihnen die verbundene Anwendung zu bieten. Ihr Text und die Übersetzung werden von unserem Dienst nicht gespeichert. Zu den erforderlichen Dienstdaten können auch Informationen gehören, die von einer verbundenen Anwendung zur Erfüllung ihrer Aufgabe benötigt werden, beispielsweise Konfigurationsinformationen über eine Microsoft 365- oder Office-App.
Weitere Informationen finden Sie unter
Erforderliche Dienstdaten
.
Copilot in Microsoft 365 und Copilot Pro
. Die Copilot-Funktionen, die in ausgewählten Ländern als separater Abonnementdienst in Microsoft 365 Apps als Teil eines Microsoft 365 Personal-, Microsoft 365 Family- oder Copilot Pro-Abonnements verfügbar sind, bieten KI-gestützte Produktivitätsfunktionen durch Konversationserlebnisse in Echtzeit, indem sie die Verarbeitung großer Sprachmodelle (Large Language Model, LLM) auf die Inhalte anwenden, die Sie in Microsoft 365 Apps wie Word, Excel, OneNote, Outlook und PowerPoint bereitstellen möchten. Copilot in Microsoft 365 und Copilot Pro stehen nicht zur Verwendung in Office-Desktoplizenzen zur Verfügung. Bei Verwendung mit verfügbaren Microsoft 365 Apps verwendet Copilot den Inhalt Ihrer Dateien nur, wenn Sie ihn auffordern, eine bestimmte Aktion für diesen bestimmten Inhalt auszuführen – beispielsweise, wenn Sie Copilot bitten, Ihnen beim Umschreiben eines Absatzes in einem Word-Dokument zu helfen, oder wenn Sie Copilot bitten, aus Ihren Notizen in OneNote eine Aufgabenliste zu erstellen. Ähnlich wie bei verbundenen Erlebnissen werden während Ihrer Nutzung von Copilot erforderliche Dienstdaten erfasst, darunter betriebsbezogene Informationen, die erforderlich sind, um die Sicherheit und Aktualität des zugrunde liegenden Dienstes sowie die erwartete Leistung zu gewährleisten.
Weitere Informationen unter
Copilot Pro: 
              Weitere Informationen finden Sie unterMicrosoft 365 Apps und Ihre Privatsphäre
und
Häufig gestellte Fragen zu Copilot in Microsoft 365 Family- und Personal-Abonnements
.
Weitere Produktivitäts-Apps
. Microsoft bietet mehrere Produktivitäts-Apps, unabhängig von Microsoft 365 und Office an, darunter Whiteboard (ein frei gestaltbarer digitaler Zeichenbereich mit Toucheingabe, Schrift und Stift), To Do (eine Cloud-basierte Aufgabenverwaltungs-App) und Kurznotizen (eine Desktop-Notizen-App).
Die Apps nutzen verschiedene Cloud-basierte Dienste, um Ihnen Funktionen aus anderen Microsoft-Produkten zur Verfügung zu stellen, wie z. B. die Bereitstellung von Bildern aus Bing in Whiteboard, die Empfehlung von Aufgabenvorschlägen für „Mein Tag“ in Aufgaben und die Nutzung der Integration von Kurznotizen in Outlook.
Verwenden von Gerätefunktionen
. Einige Microsoft 365-Anwendungen nutzen Ihre Gerätefunktionen mit bestimmten Features. In PowerPoint kann das Präsentationsaufzeichnungsfeature auf das Mikrofon und die Kamera Ihres Geräts zugreifen, um Präsentationen mit Audio und Video aufzuzeichnen. Der Zugriff auf das Mikrofon Ihres Geräts erfolgt auch über das Audiofeature und bei Verwendung des Sprechercoachs. Während Sie sprechen, gibt Ihnen der Sprechercoach auf dem Bildschirm Hinweise zu Tempo, inklusiver Sprache, Verwendung von Kraftausdrücken und Füllwörtern sowie dazu, ob Sie den Folientext lesen. Beim Erstellen einer PowerPoint-Präsentation können Sie auch das „Screenshot“- und „Bildschirmausschnitt“-Feature verwenden, um Bildschirminhalte zu erfassen. Einige Microsoft 365-Anwendungen, PowerPoint, Word und OneNote, bieten „Diktieren“, eine verbundene Oberfläche, mit der Sie mithilfe der Spracherkennung Inhalte mit Ihrem Mikrofon erstellen können. In Word und OneNote wandelt die verbundene Transkriptionsoberfläche Sprache, die direkt in der App mit dem Mikrofon oder einer Sprachaufnahme aufgezeichnet wurde, in eine Texttranskription um, wobei jeder Sprecher separat aufgeführt wird. OneNote kann Fotos einfügen oder Videos mit ihrer Kamera aufzeichnen. Alle Microsoft 365-Apps verfügen zusammen mit To Do und Whiteboard über Freigabefunktionen, die auf Ihre Kontakte zugreifen, damit Sie Ihre Dokumente für andere Personen in Ihrer Kontaktliste freigeben können. Anwendungen greifen erst dann auf Ihre Gerätefunktionen zu, wenn Sie mit der Verwendung des Features beginnen.
Sie können ihre Mikrofon- und Kamerazugriffseinstellungen im Menü „Windows-Datenschutzeinstellungen“ verwalten. Wechseln Sie zu
Start > Einstellungen > Datenschutz oder Datenschutz & Sicherheit
. Weitere Informationen zum Steuern Ihrer Datenschutzeinstellungen in Apps finden Sie unter
Windows-Datenschutzeinstellungen, die von Apps verwendet werden
.
Zurück zum Anfang
Microsoft Family
Dieser Abschnitt bezieht sich auf das M365-Produkt von Microsoft Family Safety, mit dem eine Familiengruppe sich über die Microsoft Family Safety-App auf ihren Windows-, Xbox- oder mobilen Geräten verbinden kann. Lesen Sie die Informationen unter
Microsoft Family Safety
sorgfältig durch, wenn Sie eine Familiengruppe erstellen oder einer Familiengruppe beitreten möchten.
Microsoft Family Safety kann Eltern und Erziehungsberechtigten dabei helfen, mithilfe digitaler Inhaltsfilterung, Bildschirmzeitlimits, Kontrolle der Ausgaben für Microsoft und Xbox Stores, Altersfreigaben für Apps und Spiele sowie Standortfreigabe eine sicherere Umgebung für ihre Familiengruppe zu schaffen. Informationen dazu, wie Microsoft Daten von Kindern sammelt und verwendet, finden Sie in der Datenschutzerklärung im Abschnitt
Erfassung der Daten von Kindern
. Wenn Sie Microsoft Family Safety in Windows verwenden, finden Sie weitere Informationen in der Datenschutzerklärung im Abschnitt
Schutz- und Sicherheitsfunktionen von Windows
.
Um Family Safety-Steuerelemente für ein Kinderkonto zu aktivieren, muss das Kinderkonto Teil einer Familiengruppe sein. Konten, für deren Erstellung die Zustimmung der Eltern erforderlich ist, werden automatisch in die Familiengruppe der Person aufgenommen, die der Erstellung des Kinderkontos zugestimmt hat. Für Konten, für die keine elterliche Zustimmung erstellt werden muss, muss der Elternteil oder Erziehungsberechtigte das Konto seiner Familiengruppe hinzufügen, um Family Safety- Steuerelemente verwenden zu können.
Wenn Sie die Berichterstellung über Aktivitäten der Familie für ein Kind aktiviert haben, sammelt Microsoft Details dazu, wie das Kind das Gerät verwendet (Suchen, Web-, App- und Spieleaktivitäten) und den Eltern Berichte über die Onlineaktivitäten des Kinds bereitstellen. Die Tätigkeitsberichte werden routinemäßig von den Microsoft-Servern gelöscht.
Bei bestimmten Family Safety-Features wie Standortfreigabe, Fahrsicherheit, Freigabelaufwerke, Orte und Standortwarnungen werden Ihre Standortinformationen verwendet, sofern aktiviert. Wenn Sie die Standortfreigabe aktiviert haben, lädt Ihr Gerät beispielsweise Standortdaten in die Cloud hoch und gibt sie für andere Personen in Ihrer Familiengruppe frei. Microsoft Speichert im Rahmen des Features „Standortfreigabe“ nur Ihren jeweils letzten bekannten Standort (jeder neue Standort ersetzt den vorherigen). Wenn Sie Fahrsicherheit aktivieren, wird Ihr Standort verwendet, um Ihre Fahrgewohnheiten zu erfassen, z. B. ob Sie innerhalb der Geschwindigkeitsbegrenzungen fahren, ob Sie Ihr Smartphone während des Fahrens verwenden und ob Sie plötzlich beschleunigen oder bremsen. Diese Berichte werden in die Cloud hochgeladen, und Sie können Ihre Laufwerksberichte für Ihre Familiengruppe freigeben. Sie können diese Standortfeatures jederzeit in den Family Safety-Einstellungen deaktivieren. Sie können die Standortdaten Ihres Geräts im Microsoft-Datenschutzdashboard verwalten. Erfahren Sie mehr über
Family Safety und Ihre Standortdaten
.
Zurück zum Anfang
Microsoft Launcher
Der Microsoft Launcher ist eine Android-App, die ein hochgradig anpassbares App-Launch-Erlebnis auf Android-Geräten bietet.
Mit Microsoft Launcher können Sie sich mit Ihrem persönlichen Microsoft-Konto oder Ihrem Arbeitskonto anmelden oder den Launcher ohne ein Konto verwenden. Einige Funktionen können jedoch eingeschränkt sein, wenn Sie bestimmte Berechtigungen nicht gewähren.
Um Microsoft Launcher verwenden zu können, muss die Anwendung auf Ihrem Android-Gerät installiert sein, und es sind optionale Berechtigungen erforderlich, um die folgenden Funktionen zu aktivieren:
Microsoft Copilot
. Wenn Sie mit Ihrem persönlichen Microsoft-Konto angemeldet sind, können Sie Copilot-Funktionen wie Chat, Websuche, Sprachsuche und Bildsuche nahtlos nutzen. Bestimmte Copilot-Funktionen erfordern den Zugriff auf die Funktionen Ihres Geräts, z. B. Ihre Gerätekamera, Ihr Mikrofon, Ihre Fotos und Videos. Weitere Informationen finden Sie in unserem Abschnitt Künstliche Intelligenz und Copilot-Funktionen.
Hier
erfahren Sie mehr über die Copilot-Nutzungsbedingungen.
Übersichtsfeed
. Glance unterstützt Sie bei der Organisation Ihrer täglichen Aktivitäten, z. B. Outlook-Kalender, Aufgabenliste, Haftnotizen und aktuelle Dokumente in Ihren M365-Anwendungen. Nach der Anmeldung mit Ihrem persönlichen Microsoft-Konto oder Ihrem Arbeitskonto werden die Daten mit allen Geräten synchronisiert, die mit demselben Konto angemeldet sind, um Ihnen personalisierte Erlebnisse zu bieten. Außerdem können Sie die letzten Aktivitäten überprüfen, wie z. B. die letzten Fotos und die App-Nutzung, für die die Berechtigung zum Zugriff auf Gerätefotos, Dateien und App-Nutzungsdaten erforderlich ist.
Nachrichten-Feed
. Wenn Sie sich mit Ihrem Microsoft-Konto anmelden, können Sie einen personalisierten News-Feed und Werbung im Launcher News-Feed genießen, der auf allen Ihren Geräten synchronisiert wird. Sie können auch lokale kuratierte Nachrichten erhalten, wenn Sie Microsoft Launcher die Erlaubnis erteilen, auf Ihre Standortinformationen zuzugreifen. Sie können Ihre Werbeeinstellungen über das Microsoft-Datenschutz-Dashboard verwalten, um Ihre Erfahrungen anzupassen.
Wetterbenachrichtigungen
. Microsoft Launcher ermöglicht es Ihnen, die neuesten und wichtigsten Wetteränderungen auf Ihrem Startbildschirm mit MSN Wetter zu empfangen. Sie können aktuelle lokale Wetterinformationen erhalten, wenn Sie Launcher den Zugriff auf Ihren Standort erlauben oder Ihre Postleitzahl angeben.
Sichern und Wiederherstellen
: Mit der Sicherungs- und Wiederherstellungsfunktion von Microsoft Launcher können Sie mühelos zwischen verschiedenen Telefonen wechseln oder verschiedene Startbildschirme ausprobieren. Backups können lokal auf Ihrem Gerät gespeichert oder in Ihrem OneDrive-Konto, das mit Ihrem Microsoft-Konto verknüpft ist, abgelegt werden, um den Zugriff zu erleichtern.
Microsoft Launcher unterstützt die Arbeitsprofil-Funktionen von Android, so dass Sie auf Ihrem Gerät eine klare Grenze zwischen personenbezogenen und beruflichen Daten ziehen können. Das bedeutet, dass Sie sicher auf Arbeitsressourcen zugreifen können, ohne sie mit Ihren persönlichen Anwendungen und Daten zu vermischen.
Hier
erfahren Sie mehr über Microsoft Launcher und seine unterstützten Features.
Zurück zum Anfang
Microsoft Teams
Dieser Abschnitt bezieht sich auf das Verbraucherangebot von Teams; wenn Sie Teams mit einem Uni-, Schul- oder Geschäftskonto verwenden, lesen Sie das
Unternehmens- und Entwicklerprodukte
dieser Datenschutzbestimmungen.
Teams ist ein zentraler Hub für Zusammenarbeit und Kommunikation. Mit Teams können Sie Ihr ganzes Leben lang organisiert und in Verbindung bleiben. Teams ermöglicht es Ihnen, Personen mit Sprach- oder Videoanruf anzurufen. Teams ermöglicht es Ihnen, Personen, Dateien, Fotos, Gespräche, Aufgaben und Kalender an einem bequemen und sicheren Ort zu finden. Teams ermöglicht es Ihnen, vertrauliche Informationen wie Passwörter, Belohnungsnummern oder Anmeldeinformationen zu speichern und sie mit anderen innerhalb von Teams zu teilen. Mit Ihrer Zustimmung können Sie Ihren Standort mit Freunden und Familie teilen.
Im Rahmen der Bereitstellung dieser Features sammelt Microsoft Daten über die Nutzung der Features sowie Informationen über Ihre Kommunikation, einschließlich der Uhrzeit und des Datums der Kommunikation und der Benutzer, die Teil der Kommunikation sind. Microsoft kann diese Informationen für Enterprise-Kunden freigeben, wenn Sie über Besprechungen und Chats mit Endbenutzern interagieren, die ihr Schul- oder Geschäftskonto verwenden. Wenn Sie beispielsweise an einem Teams-Chat mit einem Benutzer teilnehmen, der Teams verwendet, das mit dem zugehörigen Schulkonto verknüpft ist, kann Microsoft Ihre Informationen im Rahmen der Bereitstellung des Teams-Diensts mit der Schule dieses Benutzers teilen.
Kompatibilität mit Skype
. Als Teams-Benutzer können Sie sich auch mit Ihrem Teams-Konto bei Skype anmelden. Wenn Sie sich mit Ihren Teams-Anmeldeinformationen bei Skype anmelden, können Sie über Skype mit anderen Skype- und Teams-Benutzern chatten und sie anrufen und über Skype auf Ihren Teams-Chatverlauf zugreifen. Skype-Benutzer können Sie in Teams kontaktieren und Ihren Teams-Anwesenheitsstatus anzeigen. Weitere Informationen zu Skype finden Sie im
Abschnitt Skype
dieser Datenschutzbestimmungen.
Suchen nach Teams- und Skype-Kontakten
. Ihr Teams-Profil enthält Informationen, die Sie beim Einrichten eines Microsoft-Kontos bereitgestellt haben. Damit andere Personen Sie in Teams (oder Produkten, die für den persönlichen Gebrauch mit Teams interagieren, einschließlich Teams für Unternehmen und Skype) finden können, wird Ihr Teams-Profil in die öffentlichen Suchverzeichnisse von Teams und Skype aufgenommen und kann in Skype und Teams angezeigt werden. Abhängig von Ihren Einstellungen können Skype- und Teams-Benutzer Sie anhand Ihres Namens, Ihrer E-Mail-Adresse und/oder Telefonnummer finden. Ihr Profil enthält Ihren Benutzernamen, Avatar sowie alle anderen Daten, die Sie Ihrem Profil hinzufügen oder Dritten anzeigen. Ihr Teams-Profil ist möglicherweise für Enterprise-Kunden und deren Endbenutzer sichtbar, wenn Sie mit einem Endbenutzer einer Organisation in Chats und Besprechungen interagieren.
Teams-Kontakte
. Mit Ihrer Zustimmung synchronisiert Teams Ihre Geräte-, Outlook- und Skype-Kontakte in regelmäßigen Abständen und sucht nach anderen Teams-Benutzern, die mit Kontakten in Ihren Geräte-, Outlook- oder Skype-Adressbüchern übereinstimmen. Sie haben jederzeit die Kontrolle über Ihre Kontakte und können die Synchronisierung jederzeit beenden. Wenn Sie die Synchronisierung Ihrer Geräte-, Outlook- oder Skype-Kontakte beenden oder auf Ihrem Gerät inaktiv sind, werden alle Kontakte, die während des Synchronisierungsprozesses nicht abgeglichen wurden, aus Teams gelöscht. Wenn Sie einen Ihrer Geräte-, Outlook- oder Skype-Kontakte zur Teilnahme an einer Unterhaltung einladen möchten, können Sie Benutzer direkt zu einer 1:1-Unterhaltung einladen, oder Microsoft kann eine Einladung in Ihrem Namen per SMS oder E-Mail zu Gruppenunterhaltungen senden. Sie können Benutzer blockieren, wenn Sie ihre Mitteilungen nicht erhalten möchten; zusätzlich können Sie Microsoft ein Problem melden.
Hinweis für Nichtbenutzerkontakte.
Wenn Ihre Informationen in den Geräte-, Outlook- oder Skype-Adressbüchern eines Teams-Benutzers angezeigt werden, der seine Geräte-, Outlook- oder Skype-Kontakte mit seinen Teams-Kontakten synchronisiert, kann Microsoft Ihre Daten verarbeiten, um zu bestimmen, ob Sie ein aktueller Teams-Benutzer sind und Teams-Benutzern erlauben, Sie zum Dienst einzuladen, einschließlich per SMS und E-Mail. Solange der Teams-Benutzer weiterhin auf seinem Gerät in Teams aktiv ist und die Kontaktsynchronisierung mit dem entsprechenden Gerät oder Dienst aktiviert, werden Ihre Informationen auf unseren Servern gespeichert und wir verarbeiten Ihre Informationen regelmäßig im Rahmen der Kontaktsynchronisierung des Teams-Benutzers, um zu überprüfen, ob Sie Teams anschließend beigetreten sind.
Erfahren Sie mehr darüber, wie wir Ihre Informationen in Verbindung mit dem Kontaktsynchronisierungsfeature verarbeiten, das Teams-Benutzern angeboten wird
.
Wenn Sie sich für die Teilnahme an Teams entscheiden, werden Sie allen Teams- oder Skype-Benutzern mit Ihren Informationen in deren Geräte-, Outlook- oder Skype-Adressbüchern als vorgeschlagener neuer Teams-Kontakt angezeigt. Als Teams-Benutzer können Sie andere Team- und Skype-Benutzer blockieren, wenn Sie deren Mitteilungen nicht erhalten möchten. Darüber hinaus können Sie Bedenken an Microsoft melden.
Kontakte von Drittanbietern.
Sie können auch Kontakte von Drittanbietern synchronisieren. Falls Sie sich dazu entscheiden, Ihre Drittanbieterkontakte nicht länger mit Teams zu synchronisieren, werden alle Drittanbieterkontakte aus Teams gelöscht. Falls Sie Ihre Zustimmung dazu gegeben haben, diese Drittanbieterkontakte in anderen Apps und Diensten von Microsoft zu verwenden, werden diese Kontakte weiterhin in diesen Apps und Diensten zur Verfügung stehen.
Sie können Drittanbieterkontakte aus allen Microsoft Apps und -Diensten entfernen, indem Sie Drittanbieterkonten aus Teams entfernen. Bitte beachten Sie, dass das Entfernen eines Drittanbieterkontos aus Teams Ihre Nutzererfahrung in anderen Apps und Diensten von Microsoft beeinträchtigen kann, die ebenfalls auf dieses Drittanbieterkonto zugreifen.
Teams-Kalender.
Sie können ihren Teams-Kalender auch mit Kalendern von Drittanbietern synchronisieren. Sie können die Synchronisierung Ihres Teams-Kalenders jederzeit aufheben, indem Sie ein Drittanbieterkonto aus Teams entfernen. Falls Sie der Verwendung von Drittanbieter-Daten in anderen Apps und Diensten von Microsoft zugestimmt haben, beachten Sie bitte, dass das Entfernen dieser Kontodaten von Drittanbietern aus Teams Ihre Nutzererfahrung in anderen Apps und Diensten von Microsoft beeinträchtigen kann.
Standortübermittlung
. Sie können Ihren statischen oder Live-Standort für Einzelpersonen oder Gruppen innerhalb von Teams freigeben. Sie haben die Kontrolle und können die Freigabe jederzeit beenden. Die Freigabe von Standorten für Kinder ist mit elterlicher Zustimmung und in Gruppen erlaubt, in denen ein Erwachsener aus der Gruppe „Microsoft Family“ anwesend ist.
Push-Benachrichtigungen
. Teams verwenden den Benachrichtigungsdienst auf Ihrem Gerät, um Sie über eingehende Anrufe, Chats und andere Benachrichtigungen zu informieren. Diese Dienste werden bei vielen Geräten durch andere Unternehmen zur Verfügung gestellt. Teams muss mit dem Benachrichtigungsdienst kommunizieren, damit dieser Sie z. B. darüber informieren kann, wer anruft oder um Ihnen die ersten Worte eines neuen Chats zur Verfügung zu stellen. Das Unternehmen, das den Benachrichtigungsdienst auf Ihrem Gerät bereitstellt, verwendet diese Informationen gemäß seinen eigenen Bestimmungen und Datenschutzrichtlinien. Microsoft übernimmt keine Verantwortung für die Daten, die vom Unternehmen erfasst werden, das den Benachrichtigungsdienst bereitstellt.
Wenn Sie die Benachrichtigungsdienste für eingehende Teams-Anrufe und -Nachrichten nicht verwenden möchten, deaktivieren Sie sie in den Einstellungen auf Ihrem Gerät.
Chats und Besprechungen mit Endbenutzern von Enterprise-Kunden
. Viele Microsoft-Produkte sind für die Verwendung in Organisationen, z. B. Schulen und Unternehmen vorgesehen. Lesen Sie den Abschnitt
Unternehmens- und Entwicklerprodukte
dieser Datenschutzerklärung, wenn Sie Teams mit einem Geschäfts-, Schul- oder Unikonto verwenden. Wenn Sie an Teams-Besprechungen oder -Chats mit Endbenutzern von Organisationen teilnehmen, unterliegen die Daten, die Sie mit den Endbenutzern teilen, ggf. den Richtlinien ihrer Organisation. Sie sollten Ihre Datenschutzanfragen im Zusammenhang mit Ihren Daten, die über Chats und Besprechungen mit den Endbenutzern einer Organisation geteilt werden, einschließlich aller Anfragen zur Wahrnehmung Ihrer Datenschutzrechte, an den Administrator der Organisation weiterleiten. Microsoft ist nicht für die Datenschutz- oder Sicherheitspraktiken seiner Kunden, die von denen dieser Richtlinien abweichen können, verantwortlich.
Zurück zum Anfang
OneDrive
Microsoft OneDrive ermöglicht es Ihnen, auf jedem Gerät zu Speichern und auf Ihre Dateien zuzugreifen. Sie können Dateien auch mit anderen teilen und gemeinsam bearbeiten. Bei einigen Versionen der Microsoft OneDrive-Anwendung können Sie sowohl auf Ihr persönliches OneDrive zugreifen, indem Sie sich bei Ihrem persönlichen Microsoft-Konto anmelden, als auch auf Ihr OneDrive for Business, indem Sie sich mit Ihrem Arbeits- oder Schulkonto von Microsoft im Rahmen der Microsoft 365- oder Office 365-Nutzung Ihres Unternehmens anmelden.
Wenn Sie OneDrive verwenden, erfassen wir Daten über Ihre Nutzung des Dienstes sowie über den von Ihnen gespeicherten Inhalt, um den Dienst bereitzustellen, zu verbessern und zu schützen. Beispiele umfassen sowohl die Indizierung Ihrer OneDrive-Dokumente, so dass Sie diese später durchsuchen können als auch die Verwendung von Ortsinformationen, um Ihnen die Suche nach Fotos auf Basis der Orte, wo das Foto aufgenommen wurde, zu erleichtern. Wir erheben zudem Geräteinformationen, damit wir personalisierte Erfahrungen liefern können, wie beispielsweise die Synchronisation der Inhalte auf den Geräten und das Durchsuchen benutzerdefinierter Einstellungen.
Sobald Sie Inhalte in Microsoft OneDrive speichern, werden die Inhalte die Freigabeberechtigungen des Ordners übernehmen, in den Sie den Inhalt speichern. Wenn Sie beispielsweise Inhalte im öffentlichen Ordner speichern, ist der Inhalt öffentlich und für jeden im Internet verfügbar, der den Ordner finden kann. Wenn Sie Inhalte in einem privaten Ordner speichern, bleibt der Inhalt privat.
Wenn Sie Inhalte auf einem sozialen Netzwerk wie Facebook von einem Gerät teilen, das mit Ihrem Microsoft OneDrive-Konto synchronisiert wurde, dann werden Ihre Inhalte entweder auf dieses soziale Netzwerk hochgeladen oder es wird ein Link zu diesem Inhalt auf diesem sozialen Netzwerk eingesetzt. Auf diese Weise wird der Inhalt auf dem sozialen Netzwerk für alle Personen zugänglich. Um den Inhalt zu löschen, müssen Sie ihn aus dem sozialen Netzwerk (wenn er anstelle eines Links darauf hochgeladen wurde) und von OneDrive löschen.
Wenn Sie Ihre Microsoft OneDrive-Inhalte mit Ihren Freunden über einen Link freigeben, wird eine E-Mail mit diesem Link an diese Freunde gesendet. Der Link enthält einen Autorisierungscode, der jedem, der diesen Link erhält, einen Zugriff auf Ihre Inhalte ermöglicht. Wenn einer Ihrer Freunde diesen Link an weitere Personen sendet, dann werden auch diese in der Lage sein, auf Ihre Inhalte zuzugreifen, auch wenn Sie diesen Inhalt mit ihnen nicht teilen wollten. Um Berechtigungen für Ihre Inhalte auf Microsoft OneDrive zu widerrufen, melden Sie sich bei Ihrem Konto an, und wählen Sie dann die Inhalte, deren Berechtigungsstufen sie verwalten möchten. Der Widerruf von Berechtigungen für einen Link deaktiviert in effizienter Weise diesen Link. Niemand wird danach in der Lage sein, diesen Link zu verwenden, um auf die Inhalte zuzugreifen, es sei denn, Sie entscheiden sich dazu, diesen Link erneut zu teilen.
Mit Microsoft OneDrive for Business verwaltete Dateien werden von solchen Dateien getrennt gespeichert, die in Ihrem persönlichen Microsoft OneDrive gespeichert sind. OneDrive for Business erfasst und überträgt Daten für die Authentifizierung, z. B. Ihre E-Mail-Adresse und Ihr Kennwort, die an Microsoft und/oder an den Anbieter Ihres Microsoft 365- oder Office 365-Dienstes übertragen werden.
Zurück zum Anfang
Outlook
Outlook-Produkte sind dafür entwickelt, Ihre Produktivität durch eine bessere Kommunikation zu optimieren und umfassen Outlook.com, Outlook-Anwendungen und andere damit verbundene Dienste.
Outlook.com
. Outlook.com ist der primäre E-Mail-Dienst von Microsoft für Verbraucher und umfasst E-Mail-Konten mit Adressen, die auf outlook.com, live.com, hotmail.com und msn.com enden. Outlook.com bietet Funktionen, mit denen Sie sich mit Ihren Freunden über soziale Netzwerke verbinden können. Sie müssen ein Microsoft-Konto erstellen, bevor Sie Outlook.com verwenden können.
Wenn Sie eine E-Mail oder ein Element aus einem Postfach in Outlook.com löschen, wird das Element in der Regel in den Ordner „Gelöschte Objekte” verschoben, wo es für ca. 7 Tage verbleibt, es sei denn, dass Sie es zurück in Ihren Posteingang verschieben, Sie den betreffenden Ordner leeren oder der Dienst den Ordner automatisch leert, je nachdem, was zuerst eintritt. Sobald der Ordner „Gelöschte Objekte“ geleert wurde, verbleiben die gelöschten Objekte bis zu 30 Tage lang in unserem System und werden danach endgültig gelöscht, es sei denn, wir müssen die Daten aus rechtlichen Gründen länger behalten.
Outlook-Anwendungen
. Outlook-Client-Apps sind Software, die Sie auf Ihrem Gerät installieren und mit denen Sie E-Mail, Kalendereinträge, Dateien, Kontakte und andere E-Mail-Daten sowie Ihren Dateispeicher und andere Dienste, wie Exchange Online, Outlook.com oder Server, wie Microsoft Exchange, verwalten. Sie können mehrere Konten von verschiedenen Anbietern, einschließlich Drittanbietern, mit Outlook-Anwendungen,
einschließlich der neuen Outlook für Windows-App, verwenden
.
Um ein Konto hinzuzufügen, müssen Sie Outlook die Berechtigung für den Zugriff auf Daten aus E-Mail oder Dateispeicherdiensten erteilen.
Wenn Sie Outlook ein Konto hinzufügen, werden Ihre E-Mail-Nachrichten, Kalendereinträge, Dateien, Kontakte, Einstellungen und andere Daten des Kontos mit Ihrem Gerät synchronisiert. Bei Verwendung der mobilen Outlook-Anwendungen werden diese Daten ebenfalls mit Microsoft-Servern synchronisiert, um zusätzliche Funktionen zu aktivieren. Dazu gehören schnellere Suchergebnisse, personalisiertes Filtern weniger wichtiger E-Mails und die Möglichkeit, E-Mail-Anlagen von verknüpften Dateispeicheranbietern ohne Verlassen der Outlook-App hinzuzufügen. Bei der Verwendung der Desktop-Outlook-App können Sie auswählen, ob Ihre Daten mit unseren Servern synchronisiert werden sollen. Sie können jederzeit ein Konto entfernen oder die Daten ändern, die von Ihrem Konto synchronisiert werden.
Wenn Sie ein Unternehmenskonto (z. B. das Ihres Arbeitgebers oder Ihrer Schule) hinzufügen, kann der Besitzer der Organisationsdomäne Richtlinien und Regelungen implementieren (z. B. eine mehrstufige Authentifizierung oder die Möglichkeit, Daten aus der Ferne zu löschen), die sich auf die Nutzung von Outlook auswirken können.
Verwenden von Gerätefunktionen
. Für Outlook-Clients, die dies unterstützen, kann der Benutzer mithilfe des Features „Diktieren“ den Inhalt einer E-Mail diktieren und senden. Das Diktierfeature kann so konfiguriert werden, dass das Mikrofon des Geräts oder ein anderes Mikrofon verwendet wird, das ein Benutzer an sein Gerät anschließen kann, z. B. ein mikrofonfähiges Paar Kopfhörer. Outlook kann auch Informationen zum Standort Ihres Geräts verwenden, um Ihnen Wetterinformationen für Ihren aktuellen Standort zur Verfügung zu stellen und die Möglichkeit, nach Orten in der Nähe zu suchen.
Weitere Informationen über die von Outlook erfassten und verwalteten Daten finden Sie im Abschnitt
Microsoft 365
dieser Datenschutzerklärung.
Zurück zum Anfang
Skype
Mit Skype können Sie Sprach-, Video-, SMS- und Sofortnachrichten senden und empfangen. Dieser Abschnitt gilt für die Verbraucherversion von Skype. Hinweise zu Skype for Business finden Sie im Abschnitt
Unternehmens- und Entwicklerprodukte
dieser Datenschutzbestimmungen.
Im Rahmen der Bereitstellung dieser Features sammelt Microsoft Nutzungsdaten über Ihre Kommunikation. Dazu gehören Uhrzeit und Datum der Kommunikation und die Nummern oder Benutzernamen, die Teil der Kommunikation sind.
Kompatibilität mit Teams.
Als Skype-Benutzer können Sie sich auch mit Ihrem Skype-Konto bei Teams anmelden. Wenn Sie sich über Ihre Skype-Anmeldeinformationen bei Teams anmelden, können Sie Teams verwenden, um mit anderen Skype- und Teams-Benutzern zu chatten und sie anzurufen, und Sie können über Teams auf Ihre verpassten Skype-Anrufe und den Chatverlauf zugreifen. Teams-Benutzer können Sie auf Skype kontaktieren und Ihren Skype-Anwesenheitsstatus anzeigen. Weitere Informationen zu Teams finden Sie im Abschnitt
Microsoft Teams
dieser Datenschutzbestimmungen.
Suchen nach Teams und Skype-Kontakten.
Ihr Skype-Profil enthält Informationen, die Sie beim Einrichten eines Microsoft- oder Skype-Kontos angegeben haben. Damit andere Personen Sie über Skype (oder Produkte, die mit Skype interagieren, wie z. B. Skype for Business oder Microsoft Teams) finden können, wird Ihr Skype-Profil in die öffentlichen  Suchverzeichnisse von Skype und Teams aufgenommen und ist möglicherweise sowohl über Skype als auch über Teams sichtbar. Abhängig von Ihren Profileinstellungen können Skype  und Teams-Benutzer Sie anhand Ihres Namens, Ihrer E-Mail-Adresse und/oder Telefonnummer finden. Ihr Profil enthält Ihren Benutzernamen, Avatar sowie alle anderen Daten, die Sie Ihrem Profil hinzufügen oder Dritten anzeigen.
Notrufe in den Vereinigten Staaten.
Wenn Sie die Standortfreigabe für Notrufe aktivieren, wird Ihr Standort in regelmäßigen Abständen erfasst, damit Microsoft Ihren Standort für Notrufdienstanbieter freigeben kann, wenn Sie 911 wählen. Ihre Standortinformationen werden nur freigegeben, wenn Sie die Standortfreigabe für Notrufe aktivieren und einen 911-Anruf initiieren.
Skype Kontakte.
Wenn Sie „Outlook.com“ zum Verwalten von Kontakten verwenden, fügt Skype die Personen, die Sie kennen, automatisch zu Ihrer Skype-Kontaktliste hinzu, bis Sie die Anwendung zum Beenden auffordern. Mit Ihrer Zustimmung synchronisiert Teams Ihre Kontaktdaten in regelmäßigen Abständen und sucht nach anderen Skype-Benutzern, die mit Kontakten in Ihren Geräte- und Outlook-Adressbüchern übereinstimmen. Sie haben jederzeit die Kontrolle über Ihre Kontakte und können die Synchronisierung jederzeit beenden. Sie können Benutzer blockieren, wenn Sie ihre Mitteilungen nicht erhalten möchten. Wenn Sie die Synchronisierung Ihrer Geräte-Kontakte beenden oder auf Ihrem Gerät inaktiv sind, werden alle Kontakte, die während des Synchronisierungsprozesses nicht abgeglichen wurden, aus Skype gelöscht. Wenn Sie einen Ihrer Geräte- oder Outlook-Kontakte zur Teilnahme an einer Unterhaltung einladen möchten, können Sie Benutzer direkt zu einer 1:1-Unterhaltung einladen, oder Microsoft kann eine Einladung in Ihrem Namen per SMS oder E-Mail zu Gruppenunterhaltungen senden. Sie können Benutzer blockieren, wenn Sie ihre Mitteilungen nicht erhalten möchten; zusätzlich können Sie Microsoft ein Problem melden.
Hinweis für Nichtbenutzerkontakte.
Wenn Ihre Informationen in den Geräte- oder Outlook-Adressbüchern eines Skype-Benutzers angezeigt werden, der seine Geräte- oder Outlook--Kontakte mit seinen Skype-Kontakten synchronisiert, kann Microsoft Ihre Daten verarbeiten, um zu bestimmen, ob Sie ein aktueller Skype-Benutzer sind und Skype-Benutzern erlauben, Sie zum Dienst einzuladen, einschließlich per SMS und E-Mail. Solange der Skype-Benutzer weiterhin auf Skype auf seinem Gerät aktiv ist und weiterhin die Kontaktsynchronisierung ermöglicht, werden Ihre Informationen auf unseren Servern gespeichert, und wir verarbeiten Ihre Informationen regelmäßig als Teil der Skype-Benutzerkontaktsynchronisierung, um zu überprüfen, ob Sie Skype anschließend beigetreten sind.
Erfahren Sie mehr darüber, wie wir Ihre Informationen in Verbindung mit dem Kontaktsynchronisierungsfeature verarbeiten, das Skype-Benutzern angeboten wird
.
Wenn Sie Skype beitreten möchten, werden Sie als vorgeschlagener neuer Skype-Kontakt für alle Skype-  und Teams-Benutzer mit Ihren Informationen in ihren Geräte- oder Outlook-Adressbüchern angezeigt. Als Skype-Benutzer können Sie andere Skype-  und Teams-Benutzer blockieren, wenn Sie deren Mitteilungen nicht erhalten möchten. Darüber hinaus können Sie Bedenken an Microsoft melden.
Partnerunternehmen
. Damit noch mehr Menschen Zugang zu Skype haben, gehen wir Partnerschaften mit anderen Unternehmen ein, sodass Skype über die Dienste dieser Unternehmen angeboten werden kann. Wenn Sie Skype über ein anderes Unternehmen als Microsoft nutzen, unterliegt der Umgang mit Ihren Daten den Datenschutzrichtlinien dieses Unternehmens. Um geltendes Recht einzuhalten, auf Gerichtsverfahren zu reagieren oder unser Partnerunternehmen bzw. unseren lokalen Betreiber bei entsprechenden Vorgängen zu unterstützen, können wir auf Ihre Daten zugreifen, diese übertragen, weitergeben und aufbewahren. Diese Daten können z. B. private Inhalte wie Inhalte Ihrer Sofortnachrichten, gespeicherte Videonachrichten, Voicemails oder Dateiübertragungen enthalten.
Skype-Manager
. Mit Skype-Manager können Sie die Skype-Nutzung einer Gruppe (z. B. Ihrer Familie) zentral verwalten. Wenn Sie eine Gruppe einrichten, sind Sie der Skype-Manager-Administrator, und Sie sehen die Nutzungsmuster, einschließlich detaillierter Informationen wie z. B. Datenverkehrsdaten und die Details der Einkäufe von anderen Gruppenmitgliedern, die einem solchen Zugriff zugestimmt haben. Wenn Sie Informationen wie Ihren Namen hinzufügen, sind Sie für andere Benutzer in der Gruppe sichtbar. Mitglieder der Gruppe können die Zustimmung für Skype Manager widerrufen, indem sie ihre
Skype-Kontoseite
besuchen.
Push-Benachrichtigungen
. Skype-Apps verwenden den Benachrichtigungsdienst auf Ihrem Gerät, um Sie über eingehende Anrufe, Chats und andere Benachrichtigungen zu informieren. Diese Dienste werden bei vielen Geräten durch andere Unternehmen zur Verfügung gestellt. Skype muss mit dem Benachrichtigungsdienst kommunizieren, damit dieser Sie z. B. darüber informieren kann, wer anruft oder um Ihnen die ersten Worte eines neuen Chats zur Verfügung zu stellen. Das Unternehmen, das den Benachrichtigungsdienst auf Ihrem m Gerät bereitstellt, verwendet diese Informationen gemäß seinen eigenen Bestimmungen und Datenschutzrichtlinien. Microsoft übernimmt keine Verantwortung für die Daten, die vom Unternehmen erfasst werden, das den Benachrichtigungsdienst bereitstellt. Wenn Sie die Benachrichtigungsdienste für eingehende Skype-Anrufe und -Nachrichten nicht verwenden möchten, deaktivieren Sie sie in den Einstellungen der Skype-Anwendung auf Ihrem Gerät.
Übersetzungsfunktionen
. Wenn Sie die Übersetzungsfunktionen von Skype nutzen, sammelt und nutzt Skype Ihre Unterhaltung, um den Übersetzungsdienst bereitzustellen. Mit Ihrer Zustimmung können Ihre Daten zur Verbesserung von Microsoft-Produkten und -Diensten verwendet werden. Um der Übersetzungs- und Spracherkennungstechnologie beim Lernen und Entwickeln zu helfen, werden Sätze und automatische Transkriptionen analysiert und alle Korrekturen in unser System eingegeben, um bessere Leistungen zu erzielen. Diese Daten enthalten möglicherweise manuelle Transkriptionen Ihrer Sprachclips. Weitere Informationen dazu, wie Microsoft Ihre Sprachdaten verwaltet, finden Sie unter
Spracherkennungstechnologien
.
Aufzeichnungsfunktionen
. Einige Skype-Versionen verfügen über eine Aufnahmefunktion, mit der Sie Ihren Audio- bzw. Videoanruf ganz oder teilweise aufnehmen und freigeben können. Die Aufzeichnung wird gespeichert und an die Person oder Gruppe, mit denen der Aufruf durchgeführt wurde, als Teil des Unterhaltungsverlaufs freigegeben.
Sie sollten sich über Ihre rechtlichen Pflichten im Klaren sein, bevor Sie eine Mitteilung aufzeichnen. Dies kann die vorherige Zustimmung aller an dem Gespräch teilnehmenden Personen oder andere erforderliche Genehmigungen umfassen.
Microsoft ist nicht dafür verantwortlich, wie Sie Ihre Aufzeichnungen oder die Aufnahmefunktionen verwenden.
Skype-Bots
. Bots sind Programme, die von Microsoft oder Drittanbietern angeboten werden, und viele nützliche Dinge wie das Suchen nach Neuigkeiten, Spielen und mehr bieten. Je nach ihren Funktionen haben Bots Zugriff auf Anzeigenamen, Skype-ID, Land, Region, Sprache, und alle Nachrichten, Audio-, Video- oder Inhalte, die Sie mit dem Bot freigeben. Überprüfen Sie das Bot-Profil und die zugehörigen Datenschutzbestimmungen, bevor Sie eine individuelle Unterhaltung oder ein Gruppengespräch mit einem Bot durchführen. Sie können einen Bot löschen, den Sie nicht mehr nutzen möchten. Bevor Sie einen Bot zu einer Gruppe hinzufügen, stellen Sie sicher, dass die Teilnehmer der Gruppe zustimmen, ihre Informationen mit dem Bot zu teilen.
Untertitel
. Bestimmte Skype-Funktionen enthalten Bedienungshilfen wie Untertitel. Bei Skype-Anrufen kann ein Anrufteilnehmer eine Funktion aktivieren, die es ermöglicht, die gesprochene Chat-Kommunikation als Text anzuzeigen. Wenn ein Benutzer diese Funktion aktiviert, erhalten die anderen Anrufteilnehmer keine Benachrichtigung. Microsoft verwendet diese Sprach- und Textdaten, um Benutzern Untertitel für Audioinhalte bereitzustellen.
Kamerafunktionen
. Wenn Sie die Kamerafunktion in Skype verwenden, können Sie Ihre Videos und Bilder mit Lens-Diensten von Drittanbietern erweitern. Lens ist ein Feature, das Augmented Reality (AR) verwendet, um Ihre Selfies auf unterhaltsame Weise zu transformieren, z. B. damit Sie wie Ihr Lieblingstier aussehen. Mithilfe der Kamera in Skype können Sie das in Skype integrierte Lens-Feature auswählen, um Ihr Gesicht und Ihre Hände zu transformieren. Je nachdem, für welche Lens Sie sich entscheiden, können Ihre Videos und Bilder verarbeitet werden, um Informationen über die Lage der verschiedenen Bereiche Ihres Gesichts und Ihrer Hände zu gewinnen. Die extrahierten Daten werden ausschließlich zum Anwenden von AR-Effekten auf Ihr Gesicht und Ihre Hände verwendet. Keine dieser Daten wird verwendet, um Sie persönlich zu identifizieren. Diese Daten werden nur für die Dauer der Sitzung auf Ihrem Gerät verarbeitet und dann sofort gelöscht. Diese Daten werden nicht an Skype oder Dritte gesendet.
Zurück zum Anfang
Surface
Microsoft bietet seine Familie von Surface-Geräten und -Zubehör an, um eine großartige Computererfahrung zu bieten, einschließlich Surfen im Internet, Ansehen und Streaming von Videos, Spielen, Ausführen von Apps wie Excel, Word und OneNote und mehr. Dazu gehören Geräte und Zubehör wie Surface Laptops, Surface Studios, Surface Book, Surface Pro, Surface Headphones, Surface Earbuds, Surface Dock, Surface Keyboard und viele mehr. Im Rahmen dieser Erfahrung sammelt Microsoft bestimmte Diagnosedaten, wie unten beschrieben.
Diagnosedaten
. Microsoft sammelt Diagnosedaten, während Sie Ihre Surface-Geräte, Surface-Zubehör und Surface-Anwendungen verwenden. Diagnosedaten können Informationen zu Abstürzen, Leistung und Nutzung von Surface-Produkten enthalten. Die an Microsoft gesendeten Daten werden dazu verwendet, die Sicherheit, die Aktualität und die erwartete Leistung von Surface zu gewährleisten, und können uns dabei helfen, Surface zu verbessern.
Es gibt zwei Ebenen von Diagnose- und Aktivitätsdaten: „Erforderliche Diagnosedaten“ und „Optionale Diagnosedaten“.
Erforderliche Diagnosedaten
sind die Mindestmenge an Daten, die wir benötigen, damit Surface-Geräte, Surface-Zubehör und die Surface-Anwendung sicher, aktuell und erwartungsgemäß funktionieren.
Optionale Diagnosedaten
sind zusätzliche Diagnose- und Nutzungsdaten zu Ihren Surface-Geräten, Surface-Zubehör und der Surface-Anwendung. Wenn Sie sich dafür entscheiden, optionale Diagnosedaten an Microsoft zu senden, sind auch die erforderlichen Diagnosedaten enthalten.
Erforderliche Diagnosedaten werden immer für alle Surface-Geräte, Surface-Zubehör und die Surface-Anwendung an Microsoft gesendet. Sie können jedoch festlegen, ob Surface optionale Diagnosedaten erfassen und an Microsoft senden soll. Sie können diese Einstellung bei der Ersteinrichtung des Surface-Geräts vornehmen oder sie jederzeit in der Surface-App ändern.
Weitere Informationen finden Sie unter
Diagnosedaten für Surface-Produkte
und
Diagnosedaten in der Surface-App
. Eine Liste der gesammelten erforderlichen Surface-Diagnosedaten finden Sie unter
Erforderliche Diagnosedaten für Surface-Produkte
.
Zurück zum Anfang
Surface Duo
Das Surface Duo ist ein Gerät mit zwei Bildschirmen, das für die Produktivität unterwegs in Ihre Tasche passt. Basierend auf dem Google Android-Betriebssystem, unterstützt Surface Duo Mobilfunk- und Wi-Fi-Konnektivität und kann für E-Mail, Internet-Browsing, Spiele und Geschäftskonnektivität verwendet werden.
Microsoft bietet eine Surface Duo-Kernoberfläche, die auf dem Android-Betriebssystem ausgeführt wird. Die Surface Duo-Kernoberfläche umfasst Apps wie Microsoft Launcher, Setup-Assistent und den Begleiter für Ihr Smartphone. Sie können sich mit einer Google-ID anmelden und verschiedene Google-Dienste aktivieren. Sie können sich dann auch mit Ihrem Microsoft-Konto (MSA) anmelden und Microsoft-Dienste aktivieren. Microsoft-Apps und -Dienste stützen sich möglicherweise auf die von Google bereitgestellten Informationen. Einige Funktionen (z. B. Standort) erfordern, dass Sie diese Funktionen für Google aktivieren und diese Informationen separat von Microsoft nutzen lassen.
Diagnosedaten
. Surface Duo sammelt Diagnosedaten, um Probleme zu lösen und um die Surface Duo-Kernoberfläche auf dem neuesten Stand, sicher und funktionstüchtig zu halten. Diese Daten helfen uns auch bei der Verbesserung von Surface Duo und den zugehörigen Microsoft-Produkten und- Diensten. Die Daten beinhalten weder Ihren Benutzernamen, Ihre E-Mail-Adresse, noch den Inhalt Ihrer Dateien. Es gibt zwei Stufen von Diagnosedaten:  „Erforderliche Diagnosedaten“ und „Optionale Diagnosedaten“.
Erforderlich
. Die Daten, die mindestens erforderlich sind, um die Surface Duo-Kernoberfläche zu schützen, auf dem neuesten Stand zu halten und dafür zu sorgen, dass sie ordnungsgemäß funktioniert.
Optional
. Zusätzliche Daten, die uns dabei helfen, Produktverbesserungen vorzunehmen. Sie umfassen erweiterte Informationen für Microsoft zur Erkennung, Diagnose und Behebung von Problemen.
Weitere Informationen in den Datenschutzeinstellungen von Surface Duo
.
Surface Duo-Standorteinstellungen
. Surface Duo basiert auf den Google-Standortdiensten, um den genauen geografischen Standort des Geräts zu bestimmen und das lokale Wetter anzuzeigen. Den Standort Ihres Surface Duo kann mit unterschiedlicher Genauigkeit bestimmt und in einigen Fällen genau bestimmt werden. Wenn Sie möchten, dass Microsoft-Apps auf Wetter- oder andere ortsbezogene Informationen verweisen oder diese anzeigen können, müssen Sie die Google-Standortdienste und den Zugriff auf Microsoft-Standorte aktivieren. Bei einigen Apps kann es erforderlich sein, dass diese Einstellungen unabhängig für die App aktiviert werden und in den Einstellungen des Surface Duo festgelegt oder geändert werden können. Die
Google-Datenschutzrichtlinie
bietet Details zum Standortdienst von Google und den zugehörigen Datenschutzbestimmungen. Weitere Informationen finden Sie unter
Surface Duo-Standorteinstellungen
.
Im Surface Duo enthaltene Microsoft-Apps
. Die Diagnosedaten-Optionen für die Surface Duo-Kernoberfläche werden beim ersten Einrichten Ihres Surface Duo konfiguriert und können in den Einstellungen des Surface Duo unter dem Abschnitt Diagnosedaten geändert werden.
Die anderen Microsoft-Apps auf Ihrem Surface Duo fordern Sie möglicherweise auf, Funktionen zu aktivieren, um die Anwendung in vollem Umfang nutzen zu können, oder Sie werden gebeten, die optionale Erfassung diagnostischer Daten zuzulassen. Sie können die Einstellungen für diese Apps in den Surface Duo-Einstellungen unter dem App-Namen ändern. Weitere Informationen zu diesen Apps finden Sie in den Abschnitten
Produktivität und Kommunikation
und
Suchen und Durchsuchen
dieser Datenschutzerklärung.
Zurück zum Anfang
LinkedIn
Informationen über die von LinkedIn gesammelten Daten und deren Verwendung finden Sie unter LinkedIn
Datenschutzrichtlinie
.
Zusammenfassung anzeigen
Weitere Infos
Zurück zum Anfang
Suchen und durchsuchen
Such- und Durchsuchungsprodukte verbinden Sie mit Informationen und erfassen, verarbeiten und reagieren intelligent auf Informationen – lernen und passen sich im Laufe der Zeit an. Weitere Informationen zu künstlicher Intelligenz und Copilot-Funktionen in den Suchprodukten von Microsoft finden Sie im
Künstliche Intelligenz und Microsoft Copilot-Funktionen
Abschnitt oben.
Such- und Durchsuchungsprodukte verbinden Sie mit Informationen und erfassen, verarbeiten und reagieren intelligent auf Informationen – lernen und passen sich im Laufe der Zeit an. Weitere Informationen zu künstlicher Intelligenz und Copilot-Funktionen in den Suchprodukten von Microsoft finden Sie im
Künstliche Intelligenz und Microsoft Copilot-Funktionen
Abschnitt oben.
Bing
Bing-Dienste umfassen Such- und Zuordnungsdienste sowie andere Apps und Programme, die in diesem Abschnitt beschrieben werden. Bing-Dienste erfassen und verarbeiten Daten in verschiedenen Formen, einschließlich Freihand- oder eingegebener Text, Sprachdaten und Bilder. Bing-Dienste sind auch in anderen Microsoft-Dienste enthalten, z. B. Microsoft 365 und bestimmten Features in Windows (die wir als Bing-basierte Erfahrungen bezeichnen).
Wenn Sie eine Suche durchführen oder ein Bing-basiertes Feature verwenden, mit dem eine Suche durchgeführt wird oder für das Sie einen Befehl eingeben, erfasst Microsoft die von Ihnen bereitgestellten Suchdaten oder Befehle (Text, Sprach- oder Bilddaten) zusammen mit Ihrer IP-Adresse, Ihrem Standort, den in unseren Cookies oder ähnlichen Technologien enthaltenen eindeutigen Bezeichnern, der Uhrzeit und dem Datum Ihrer Suche sowie Ihrer Browserkonfiguration. Wenn Sie beispielsweise sprachfähige Dienste von Bing nutzen, werden Ihre Spracheingabe- und Leistungsdaten, die mit der Sprechfunktionalität in Verbindung stehen, an Microsoft gesendet werden. Weitere Informationen dazu, wie Microsoft Ihre Sprachdaten verwaltet, finden Sie unter
Spracherkennungstechnologien
. Und wenn Sie Bing-Dienste mit Bildaktivierung verwenden, wird das Bild, das Sie bereitstellen, an Microsoft gesendet. Wenn Sie Bing-basierte Erfahrungen wie die Bing-Suche verwenden, um auf einer Webseite oder in einem Dokument nach einem Wort oder einer Phrase zu suchen, wird das Wort bzw. die Phrase zusammen mit dem zugehörigen Kontext an Bing gesendet, um auf den Kontext bezogene Suchergebnisse bereitzustellen.
KI-erweiterte Bing-Suche
. Die Bing-Suche enthält jetzt eine KI-gestützte Websuche, die Microsoft Copilot in Bing nutzt. Diese unterstützt die Benutzer durch die Bereitstellung relevanter Suchergebnisse, die Überprüfung und Zusammenfassung von Informationen aus dem gesamten Web, die Verfeinerung von Suchanfragen durch das Chat-Erlebnis und die Förderung der Kreativität durch die Unterstützung der Benutzer bei der Erstellung von Inhalten. Die Nutzung und Erfassung personenbezogener Daten durch Copilot in Bing steht im Einklang mit dem in diesem Abschnitt beschriebenen Kernangebot der Websuche von Bing. Weitere Informationen über Copilot in Bing finden Sie unter
Copilot in Bing: Unser Ansatz für verantwortungsvolle KI
.
Suchvorschläge
. Beim Feature für Suchvorschläge werden die Zeichen an Microsoft gesendet, die Sie in eine von Bing gestützte Benutzeroberfläche eingeben (z. B. Such- und Websitevorschläge im Microsoft Edge-Browser), um eine Suche durchzuführen. Das gilt auch für angeklickte Elemente. So können wir Ihnen relevante Vorschläge unterbreiten, während Sie Suchbegriffe eingeben. Unter
Bing-Einstellungen
können Sie dieses Feature für eine Bing-Suche aktivieren bzw. deaktivieren. Es gibt andere Methoden, um dieses Feature in anderen Bing-basierten Umgebungen zu steuern, beispielsweise im Microsoft Edge-Browser. Die Suchvorschläge können im Suchfeld in Windows 10 und Windows 11 nicht deaktiviert werden. Wenn Sie möchten, können Sie das Suchfeld oder das Symbol in der Taskleiste ausblenden.
Bing-Verbesserungsprogramm für Bing Desktop und Bing Toolbar
. Wenn Sie Bing Desktop oder die Bing Toolbar verwenden und am Verbesserungsprogramm für die Nutzung von Bing teilnehmen wollen, sammeln wir außerdem zusätzliche Informationen darüber, wie Sie diese speziellen Bing-Apps verwenden wie z. B. die Adressen der von Ihnen besuchten Websites, um die Such-Rangliste und -Relevanz zu verbessern. Um Ihre Privatsphäre zu schützen, verwenden wir die über das Verbesserungsprogramm für die Nutzung von Bing erfassten Informationen weder zu Ihrer Identifizierung noch zur Kontaktaufnahme mit Ihnen und auch nicht für eine auf Sie zugeschnitten Werbung. Sie können das Verbesserungsprogramm für die Nutzung von Bing jederzeit in den Bing Desktop- oder Bing Toolbar-Einstellungen deaktivieren. Zu guter Letzt löschen wir die über das Verbesserungsprogramm für die Nutzung von Bing erfassten Informationen nach 18 Monaten.
Aufbewahrung und Deidentifikation
. Wir machen gespeicherte Suchanfragen unkenntlich, indem wir die IP-Adresse nach 6 Monaten vollständig entfernen. Cookie-IDs und andere sitzungsübergreifende Identifikatoren, die zur Identifizierung eines bestimmten Kontos oder Gerätes dienen, werden nach 18 Monaten unkenntlich gemacht.
Personalisierung über das Microsoft-Konto
. Einige Bing-Dienste bieten Ihnen eine erweiterte Erfahrung (beispielsweise das Synchronisieren Ihres Suchverlaufs auf allen Geräten), wenn Sie sich mit Ihrem persönlichen Microsoft-Konto anmelden. Sie können dieses Personalisierungsfeature verwenden, um Ihre Interessen, Favoriten und Einstellungen anzupassen und Ihr Konto mit den Diensten von Drittanbietern zu verbinden. Besuchen Sie die
Bing-Einstellungen
, um Ihre Personalisierungseinstellungen zu verwalten, oder das
Microsoft-Datenschutzdashboard
, um Ihre Daten zu verwalten.
Verwalten des Suchverlaufs
. Wenn Sie sich erneut bei einem persönlichen Microsoft-Konto angemeldet haben, können Sie Ihren Such- und Chatverlauf im
Microsoft-Datenschutzdashboard
löschen. Der Bing-Suchverlaufsdienst, der in den Bing-Einstellungen konfiguriert werden kann, bietet eine andere Möglichkeit, die von Ihnen bei einer Bing-Suche in Ihrem Browser eingegebenen Suchbegriffe oder die angeklickten Ergebnisse erneut zu verwenden. Sie können den Suchverlauf auf einem Gerät über diesen Dienst deaktivieren. Die Unterhaltungen, die Sie mit Microsoft Copilot in Bing führen, werden auch als "Letzte Aktivität" gespeichert. Der Verlauf der vorherigen letzten Aktivitäten wird gespeichert, wobei die Namen von Chats standardmäßig auf der ersten Abfrage des Chats basieren. Ihre letzte Aktivität wird auf der rechten Seite des Chatfensters angezeigt, wenn Sie den Dienst verwenden. Durch das Löschen des Suchverlaufs wird verhindert, dass dieser auf Ihrer Such- oder Chatverlaufs-Webseite angezeigt wird. Es werden dadurch jedoch keine Informationen aus unseren Suchprotokollen gelöscht, die wie oben beschrieben beibehalten oder deidentifiziert oder gemäß den Vorgaben im Datenschutzdashboard behandelt werden. Wenn Sie mit einem geschäftlichen oder schulischen Microsoft-Konto angemeldet sind und Microsoft Search in Bing verwenden, können Sie Ihren Microsoft Search-Suchverlauf in den Bing-Suchverlauf exportieren, aber nicht löschen. Ihr Dienstadministrator für Microsoft Search in Bing kann aggregierte Suchverläufe für alle Unternehmensbenutzer anzeigen, jedoch keine benutzerspezifischen Suchen.
Drittanbieterdienste, die Bing nutzen
. Sie haben die Möglichkeit, auf Bing-Features zurückzugreifen, während Sie Drittanbieterdienste verwenden wie z. B. die von Yahoo! Um diese Dienste anzubieten, empfängt Bing suchbezogene Informationen von diesen und weiteren Partnern, einschließlich Ihrer Suchanfrage und den dazugehörigen Daten, die Datum, Uhrzeit, IP-Adresse und einen eindeutigen Bezeichner enthalten können. Diese Daten werden an Microsoft gesendet, um den Suchdienst anbieten zu können. Microsoft wird diese Daten, wie in dieser Erklärung beschrieben, oder wie es sich aus unseren weiter beschränkten Vertragspflichten mit unseren Partnern ergibt, verwenden. Bei Fragen zur Erfassung und Verwendung der Daten durch Drittanbieterdienste sollten Sie die Datenschutzrichtlinien dieser Dritten konsultieren.
An die Zielwebsite übergebene Daten
. Wenn Sie ein Suchergebnis oder eine Anzeige auf einer Bing-Suchergebnisseite auswählen und die Zielwebsite aufrufen, erhält die Zielwebsite die Standarddaten, die Ihr Browser an jede von Ihnen besuchte Website sendet, z. B. Ihre IP-Adresse, Browsertyp und -sprache sowie den Hostnamen der Website, von der Sie kommen (in diesem Fall
https://www.bing.com/
).
Austausch von Daten aus Bing und von Bing-basierten Anwendungen von Drittanbietern
. Wir teilen einige deidentifizierte Daten (wobei die Identität einer bestimmten Person nicht bekannt ist) von Bing und von den von Bing bereitgestellten Features, mit ausgewählten Drittanbietern. Vorher durchlaufen die Daten einen Prozess, bei dem bestimmte sensible Daten entfernt werden, die Nutzer möglicherweise selbst in die Suchbegriffe eingegeben haben (z. B. Sozialversicherungsnummern oder Kreditkartennummern). Außerdem hält Microsoft diese Drittanbieter dazu an, die Daten sicher zu speichern und nicht für andere Zwecke zu verwenden, für die sie vorgesehen sind.
Zurück zum Anfang
Microsoft Edge
Immer wenn Sie einen Webbrowser verwenden, um auf das Internet zuzugreifen, werden Daten über Ihr Gerät ("Standardgerätedaten") an die von Ihnen besuchten Websites und Onlinedienste gesendet. Standardgerätedaten umfassen die IP-Adresse Ihres Geräts, den Typ Ihres Browsers sowie die festgelegte Sprache, die Zugriffszeit und die aufgerufenen Websiteadressen. Diese Daten werden möglicherweise auf den Webservern dieser Websites oder Online-Services protokolliert. Welche Daten erfasst und wie diese Daten verwendet werden, hängt von den Datenschutzpraktiken der von Ihnen besuchten Websites bzw. den von Ihnen verwendeten Webdiensten ab. Bestimmte Funktionen in Microsoft Edge, z. B. wenn Sie eine neue Registerkarte im Browser öffnen, verbinden Sie mit Microsoft Start-Inhalten, und Ihre Erfahrungen mit solchen Inhalten werden im Abschnitt „Microsoft Start“ dieser Datenschutzbestimmung behandelt. Darüber hinaus sendet Microsoft Edge eine eindeutige Browser-ID an bestimmte Websites, damit wir aggregierte Daten entwickeln können, die verwendet verwenden, um die Browserfeatures und -dienste zu verbessern.
Microsoft Edge für Windows, Linux und macOS
. Microsoft Edge ist der Standard-Webbrowser für Windows 10 und höher und ist auch für andere unterstützte Versionen von Windows und macOS verfügbar.
Es werden auf Ihrem Gerät Daten zur Nutzung Ihres Browsers gespeichert, z. B. Browserverlauf, Webformulardaten, temporäre Internetdateien und Cookies. Sie können diese Daten von Ihrem Gerät entfernen, indem Sie den Browserverlauf löschen.
Microsoft Edge ermöglicht Ihnen das Erfassen und Speichern von Inhalten auf Ihrem Gerät, wie zum Beispiel:
Einstellungen und mehr
. Ermöglicht Ihnen die Verwaltung von Favoriten, Downloads, Verlauf, Erweiterungen und Sammlungen.
Sammlungen
. Sie können Text, Bilder, Videos und andere Inhalte auf einer Notizenseite in Ihrem Browser sammeln. Wenn Sie Inhalte in Ihre Sammlung ziehen, werden sie auf Ihrem Gerät zwischengespeichert und können über Ihre Sammlung gelöscht werden.
Website an Taskleiste anheften
. Hiermit können Sie Ihre bevorzugten Websites an die Windows-Taskleiste anheften. Websites können erkennen, welche ihrer Webseiten Sie angeheftet haben, und Ihnen so ein Infobadge bereitstellen, um Sie darüber zu informieren, dass Neuheiten vorhanden sind, die Sie sich auf der jeweiligen Website ansehen sollten.
Microsoft sammelt Daten, die zum Bereitstellen der von Ihnen in Microsoft Edge angeforderten Features nötig sind. Wenn sie mit Ihrem persönlichen Microsoft-Konto oder Geschäfts-, Schul- oder Unikonto bei Microsoft Edge angemeldet sind, synchronisiert Microsoft Edge Ihre auf Ihrem Gerät gespeicherten Browserdaten auf anderen angemeldeten Geräten. Sie können auswählen, welche Browserdaten synchronisiert werden sollen, einschließlich Favoriten, Browserverlauf, Erweiterungen und zugehörige Daten, Einstellungen, geöffnete Registerkarten, Auto-Ausfüllen-Formulareinträge (z. B. Name, Adresse und Telefonnummer), Kennwörter, Zahlungsinformationen und andere Datentypen. sobald diese verfügbar sind. Wenn Sie sich für die Synchronisierung von Erweiterungen entscheiden, die Sie von Drittanbieter-Webstores erworben haben, wird eine Kopie dieser Erweiterungen direkt aus diesen Webstores auf Ihren synchronisierten Geräten heruntergeladen. Wenn Sie den Kennwortmonitor aktiviert haben, werden Ihre gespeicherten Anmeldeinformationen gehasht, verschlüsselt und an den Kennwortmonitor-Dienst von Microsoft gesendet, um Sie zu warnen, wenn Ihre Anmeldeinformationen im Rahmen eines böswilligen Angriffs oder einer Sicherheitsverletzung erkannt wurden. Diese Daten werden von Microsoft nach Abschluss der Überprüfung nicht weiter aufbewahrt. Sie können die Synchronisierung in den Microsoft Edge-Einstellungen deaktivieren oder konfigurieren.
Wenn Sie sich mit Ihrem persönlichen Microsoft-Konto oder Ihrem Geschäfts-, Schul- oder Unikonto bei Microsoft Edge anmelden, speichert Microsoft Edge die Datenschutzeinstellungen Ihres Kontos. Microsoft Edge verwenden die gespeicherten Einstellungen, um die Datenschutzoptionen Ihres Kontos über Ihre angemeldeten Geräte hinweg zu migrieren, einschließlich während der Windows-Geräteeinrichtung oder beim Anmelden bei Microsoft Edge mit Ihrem Konto auf einem neuen Gerät.
Die
Such- und Seitenvorschläge
von Microsoft Edge verwenden Ihre Suchanfragen und Ihren Browser-Verlauf, um Ihnen einen schnelleren Seitenaufbau und mehr relevante Treffer zu liefern. In Microsoft Edge werden die Informationen, die Sie in die Adresszeile des Browsers eingeben, automatisch an Ihren in der Adressleiste konfigurierten Standardsuchanbieter gesendet, der nach jedem eingegebenen Zeichen Suchvorschläge anzeigt. Sie können diese Funktionen jederzeit in den Browsereinstellungen deaktivieren. Um Suchergebnisse zu liefern, sendet Microsoft Edge Ihre Suchanfragen, Standard-Geräteinformationen und den Standort (wenn Sie Standort aktiviert haben) an Ihren Standardsuchanbieter. Wenn Bing Ihr Standardsuchanbieter ist, verwenden wir diese Daten wie im Abschnitt "Bing" dieser Datenschutzerklärung beschrieben.
Microsoft Edge erfasst und verwendet Daten aus Ihren Suchaktivitäten im Web, einschließlich Websites, die Microsoft nicht besitzt oder betreibt, um Microsoft-Dienste zu verbessern, z. B. Microsoft Edge, Microsoft Bing und Microsoft News. Diese Daten können die Suchabfrage, die Suchergebnisse, die Ihnen angezeigt werden, demografische Informationen, die Teil der Suchergebnisse sind, und die Interaktion mit diesen Suchergebnissen umfassen, z. B. die Links, auf die Sie klicken. Microsoft Edge führt Schritte aus, um die gesammelten Daten zu anonymisieren, indem Daten entfernt werden, die die Person oder das Gerät identifizieren, von dem sie erfasst wurden, und bewahrt diese Daten ein Jahr lang ab dem Zeitpunkt der Erfassung auf. Microsoft verwendet diese gesammelten Daten nicht zum Personalisieren oder Bereitstellen von Werbung für Sie. Sie können die Erfassung dieser Daten jederzeit in den Browsereinstellungen deaktivieren.
Microsoft Edge lädt Inhalte von Microsoft-Diensten zur Verbesserung der Benutzerfreundlichkeit herunter. Dies gilt beispielsweise, wenn Daten zum Vorab-Rendern von Seiteninhalten zum schnelleren Surfen heruntergeladen werden oder zum Bereitstellen von Inhalten, die für die von Ihnen ausgewählten Features erforderlich sind, z. B. Vorlagen für Sammlungen.
Sie können auch Ihre Microsoft Edge-Browseraktivitäten freigeben, um es uns zu ermöglichen, Microsoft Edge und Microsoft-Dienste wie Werbung, Suche, Einkäufe und Neuigkeiten zu personalisieren. Microsoft Edge-Browsingaktivitäten umfassen Ihren Verlauf, Favoriten, Verwendungsdaten, Webinhalte und andere Browserdaten. Weitere Informationen zu unseren
Werbe-Datenschutz-Richtlinien
finden Sie im Abschnitt „Werbung“ in dieser Datenschutzerklärung. Im Microsoft-Datenschutzdashboard können Sie die Verwendung Ihrer Browseraktivität für personalisierte Werbung über die Einstellung
Anzeigen von Werbung, die Sie interessiert
steuern. Wenn Sie diese Einstellung im Microsoft-Datenschutzdashboard deaktivieren, erhalten Sie weiterhin personalisierte Weberfahrungen wie z. B. Suche und Nachrichten basierend auf Ihrer Browseraktivität. Sie können mit dem Teilen Ihrer Microsoft Edge-Browseraktivität aufhören, indem Sie
Erlauben Sie Microsoft, Ihre Browsing-Aktivitäten einschließlich Verlauf, Favoriten, Nutzung und anderer Browsing-Daten zu verwenden, um Microsoft Edge und Microsoft-Dienste wie Werbung, Suche, Einkaufen und Nachrichten zu personalisieren
in den Edge-Einstellungen deaktivieren. Wenn Sie die Copilot-Features in der Seitenleiste von Microsoft Edge verwenden, können Sie Microsoft Copilot in Edge erlauben, auf den Inhalt der von Ihnen angezeigten Webseite zuzugreifen, um weitere Einblicke zu erhalten, z. B. in Form von Seitenzusammenfassungen. Die Verwendung von Daten im Zusammenhang mit Copilot-Erlebnissen steht im Einklang mit der Verwendung von Copilot-Daten, die im Abschnitt "Bing" dieser Datenschutzerklärung beschrieben wird.
Microsoft Edge sammelt erforderliche Diagnosedaten, um Probleme zu beheben, Microsoft Edge auf dem neuesten Stand zu halten und um Windows sichern und ordnungsgemäß betreiben zu können. Die erforderlichen Diagnosedaten helfen uns auch dabei, Microsoft Edge und Windows zu verbessern.
Unabhängig von den oben genannten Suchaktivitätsdaten können Sie optionale Diagnosedaten zur Verwendung von Microsoft Edge und Informationen zu Ihren Browseraktivitäten, einschließlich Browserverlauf und Suchbegriffen, an Microsoft senden, um uns bei der Verbesserung von Microsoft Edge und anderer Microsoft-Produkte und -Dienste zu unterstützen. Für Microsoft Edge unter Windows 10 und höher werden diese Informationen bereitgestellt, wenn Sie optionale Diagnosedaten aktiviert haben. Ausführliche Informationen hierzu finden Sie im Abschnitt zur Windows-Diagnose der Datenschutzerklärung. Für Microsoft Edge auf anderen Betriebssystemen werden optionale Diagnoseinformationen bereitgestellt, wenn sie
Bei der Verbesserung von Microsoft-Produkten helfen, indem Sie Nutzungsdaten des Browsers senden
oder
Tragen Sie zur Verbesserung von Suchen und Microsoft-Produkten bei, indem Sie Informationen zu Websites senden, die Sie in Microsoft Edge besuchen
in den Browsereinstellungen aktivieren.
Die von Microsoft Edge gesammelten Diagnosedaten werden an Microsoft übertragen und mit einer oder mehreren eindeutigen Kennungen gespeichert, die uns helfen, eine individuelle Browserinstallation auf einem Gerät zu erkennen und die Serviceprobleme und Nutzungsmuster des Browsers zu verstehen.
Erfahren Sie mehr über Microsoft Edge, das Durchsuchen von Daten und den Datenschutz
.
Microsoft Edge auf iOS und Android
. Microsoft Edge auf iOS- und Android-Geräten erfasst Daten, die zur Bereitstellung der von Ihnen angeforderten Funktionen in Microsoft Edge nötig sind. Microsoft sammelt erforderliche Diagnosedaten auch, um Probleme zu beheben und Microsoft Edge auf dem neuesten Stand zu halten, zu sichern und funktionstüchtig zu halten. Die erforderlichen Diagnosedaten helfen uns auch dabei, Microsoft Edge zu verbessern.
Darüber hinaus können Sie optionale Diagnosedaten darüber, wie Sie Microsoft Edge verwenden, und Informationen über die von Ihnen besuchten Websites (Browserverlauf) für personalisierte Erlebnisse auf Ihrem Browser, Windows und anderen Microsoft-Produkten und -Diensten freigeben. Diese Informationen helfen uns auch, Microsoft Edge und andere Microsoft-Produkte und -Dienste zu verbessern. Diese optionalen Diagnosedaten werden an uns gesendet, wenn Sie
Nutzungsdaten für Personalisierung freigeben
oder
Informationen zu von Ihnen besuchten Websites bereitstellen
in den Browsereinstellungen aktivieren.
Die von Microsoft Edge gesammelten Diagnosedaten werden an Microsoft übertragen und mit einer oder mehreren eindeutigen Kennungen gespeichert, die uns helfen, einen individuellen Benutzer auf einem Gerät zu erkennen und die Serviceprobleme und Nutzungsmuster des Browsers zu verstehen.
Microsoft Edge verwendet Daten aus Ihren Suchaktivitäten im Web, einschließlich der Suchaktivität auf Websites, die Microsoft nicht besitzt oder betreibt, um Microsoft-Dienste zu verbessern, z. B. Microsoft Edge, Microsoft Bing und Microsoft News. Die Microsoft Edge gesammelten Daten können personenbezogene Daten umfassen. Microsoft Edge führt jedoch Schritte dazu, die Daten zu bereinigen und ihre Identifizierbarkeit zu entfernen. Microsoft Edge verwendet diese Daten nicht zum Personalisieren oder Bereitstellen von Werbung für Sie. Sie können die Erfassung dieser Daten jederzeit in den Browsereinstellungen deaktivieren.
Weitere Informationen zu Suchergebnisdaten für Produktverbesserung
.
Informationen zu den Datenschutzpraktiken älterer Versionen von Microsoft Edge (Versionen 44 und darunter) finden Sie in dieser Datenschutzerklärung im Abschnitt „Webbrowser – Microsoft Edge-Vorgängerversion und Internet Explorer“.
Zurück zum Anfang
Microsoft Translator
Microsoft Translator ist ein maschinelles Übersetzungssystem und ein Dienst zur automatischen Übersetzung von Text- und Spracheingaben zwischen zahlreichen unterstützten Sprachen. Microsoft Translator wird als eigenständige Heimanwender-App für Android, iOS und Windows zur Verfügung gestellt. Die Servicefunktionen sind auch in eine Vielzahl von Microsoft-Produkten und -Diensten integriert, z. B. Translator-Hub, Translator für Bing und Translator für Microsoft Edge. Microsoft Translator verarbeitet die Text-, Bild- und Sprachdaten, die Sie übermitteln, wie auch Geräte- und Nutzungsdaten. Wir verwenden diese Daten, um den Microsoft Translator bereitzustellen, Ihre Erfahrung zu personalisieren und unsere Produkte und Dienste zu verbessern. Microsoft hat geschäftliche und technische Maßnahmen implementiert, die dazu dienen, die Daten, die Sie an Microsoft Translator übermitteln, zu anonymisieren. Wenn wir beispielsweise Text und Audio nach dem Zufallsprinzip auswählen, um Microsoft Translator und die Spracherkennungstechnologien von Microsoft zu verbessern, löschen wir Bezeichner und bestimmten Text, z. B. E-Mail-Adressen und einige Zahlenfolgen, die in der Auswahl erkannt wurden und möglicherweise personenbezogene Daten enthalten. Weitere Informationen dazu, wie Microsoft Ihre Sprachdaten verwaltet, finden Sie unter
Spracherkennungstechnologien
.
Unabhängig von Microsoft Translator sind Microsoft-Übersetzungsdienste als Funktionen in anderen Microsoft-Produkten und -Diensten verfügbar, die andere Datenschutzpraktiken als Microsoft Translator haben. Weitere Informationen zum Text-API von Microsoft Azure Cognitive Services Übersetzer, zum benutzerdefinierten Translator und zur Translator Speech-API finden Sie im Abschnitt
Unternehmens- und Entwicklerprodukte
dieser Datenschutzerklärung. Informationen zum Translate-Feature in Microsoft 365-Apps und Skype finden Sie im Abschnitt
Produktivitäts- und Kommunikationsprodukte
dieser Datenschutzerklärung.
Zurück zum Anfang
SwiftKey
Die Microsoft SwiftKey-Tastatur und ähnliche cloudbasierte Dienste (allgemein auch "SwiftKey-Dienste" genannt) verarbeiten Daten über von Ihnen verwendete Wörter und die Art Ihrer Eingabe, um Ihren Schreibstil zu lernen und eine personalisierte und Ihnen angepasste Autokorrektur und Texterkennung anzubieten. Wir verwenden diese Daten auch, um eine Reihe anderer Features anzubieten, z. B. Emoji-Vorhersagen.
Durch die Art und Weise, wie Sie SwiftKey verwenden, lernt unsere Vorhersagetechnologie und kann so ein personalisiertes Sprachmodell erstellen. Dieses Modell ist eine optimierte Sicht über die von Ihnen am häufigsten verwendeten Wörter und Sätze im Kontext und spiegelt dadurch Ihren einzigartigen Stil wider. Das Modell selbst enthält die von Ihnen häufig eingegebenen Wörter auf eine Art und Weise, die das Aktivieren von SwiftKey-Algorithmen ermöglicht, deren Prognose auf bereits von Ihnen eingegebenen Text basiert. Das Modell nimmt Informationen von allen Szenarien auf, in denen Sie die Tastatur nutzen. Dazu zählt beispielsweise die Texteingabe bei der Verwendung von Apps oder Websites. Die SwiftKey-Tastatur und das Modell vermeiden nach Möglichkeit das Sammeln vertraulicher Daten, indem solche aus bestimmten Feldern nicht verwendet werden, z. B. aus solchen, die als Felder für Kennwörter oder Zahlungsdaten erkannt werden. SwiftKey-Dienste protokolliert oder speichert die in Ihrem Modell enthaltenen Daten nicht, es sei denn, Sie teilen Ihre Daten mit uns (wie weiter unten beschrieben). Wenn Sie SwiftKey-Dienste nutzen, erfassen wir auch Geräte- und Nutzungsdaten. Wenn Sie sich bei Ihrem SwiftKey-Konto anmelden und der Freigabe der folgenden Daten zustimmen, verwenden wir nicht identifizierte Gerätedaten, Nutzungsdaten und Modelldaten, um die Dienstleistung zu analysieren und unsere Produkte zu verbessern.
Die SwiftKey-Dienste enthalten auch eine optionale Cloudkomponente namens SwiftKey-Konto. Wenn Sie ein SwiftKey-Konto erstellen möchten, wird Ihr Sprachmodell mit dem Clouddienst des SwiftKey-Kontos synchronisiert, damit Sie von diesem Modell auf verschiedenen Geräten profitieren können, und Zugriff auf zusätzliche Dienste wie Vorhersage-Synchronisierung und Sicherung erhalten. Wenn Sie ein SwiftKey-Konto erstellen, erfasst Microsoft auch Ihre E-Mail-Adresse und grundlegende demografische Daten. Alle gesammelten Daten werden über verschlüsselte Kanäle auf unsere Server übertragen. Wenn Sie bei Ihrem SwiftKey-Konto angemeldet sind, können Sie Ihre personenbezogenen Daten und SwiftKey-Kontoeinstellungen unter
data.swiftkey.com
steuern.
Im Rahmen Ihres SwiftKey-Kontos können Sie sich auch dafür entscheiden, Ihre Sprach- und/oder Eingabedaten zur Verbesserung von Microsoft-Produkten und -Diensten freizugeben. Wenn Sie sich anmelden, sendet SwiftKey möglicherweise kurze Datenausschnitte darüber, was und wie Sie korrekturbezogene Daten eingeben, zur Verarbeitung an unsere Server. Diese Textausschnitte werden in verschiedenen automatisierten Prozessen verwendet, um zu überprüfen, ob unsere Vorhersagedienste ordnungsgemäß funktionieren, und um Produktverbesserungen vorzunehmen. Um Ihre Privatsphäre zu wahren, heben SwiftKey-Dienste die Identifizierung dieser Textausschnitte auf. Selbst wenn Sie über ein SwiftKey-Konto verfügen, werden diese Textausschnitte nicht mit ihr verknüpft.
Wenn Sie sich bei Ihrem SwiftKey-Konto anmelden und sich für die Freigabe Ihrer Sprach- und Eingabedaten anmelden, verarbeitet Microsoft Ihre freigegebenen Daten, um nach neuen Mustern für die Sprachverwendung in unserer Gesamten Benutzerbasis zu suchen. So können wir unsere Basismodelle für einzelne Sprachen verbessern. Die in diesem Prozess verwendeten Sprach- und Eingabedaten werden aggregiert, und alle Wörter oder Wortkombinationen, die möglicherweise für Einzelpersonen oder kleinen Benutzergruppen privat sind, werden herausgefiltert.
Sie können in den SwiftKey-Einstellungen jederzeit Ihr Einverständnis zum Teilen ihrer Sprache und Ihrer eingegeben Daten zur Verbesserung des Produkts zurücknehmen. Sie können in den Einstellungen von SwiftKey auch jederzeit Ihre Zustimmung widerrufen, dass SwiftKey-Dienste Ihre personenbezogenen Daten aufbewahren dürfen. Durch Widerrufen der Einwilligung, dass SwiftKey Ihre persönlichen Daten aufbewahren darf, werden Ihre durch die Verwendung der SwiftKey-Dienste erfassten personenbezogenen Daten gelöscht.
Möglicherweise erhalten Sie gelegentlich Benachrichtigungen über Produktupdates und -features auf Ihrem Gerät, die für Sie von Interesse sein könnten. Sie können diese Benachrichtigungen jederzeit durch das Aufrufen der SwiftKey-Einstellungen deaktivieren.
Wenn Sie das Kamerafeature in SwiftKey verwenden, können Sie Ihre Videos und Bilder mit Lens-Diensten von Drittanbietern erweitern. Lens ist ein Feature, das Augmented Reality (AR) verwendet, um Ihre Selfies auf unterhaltsame Weise zu transformieren, z. B. damit Sie wie Ihr Lieblingstier aussehen. Mithilfe der Kamera in der SwiftKey-Tastatur können Sie das in die Tastatur integrierte Lens-Feature auswählen, um Ihr Gesicht und Ihre Hände zu transformieren. Je nachdem, für welche Lens Sie sich entscheiden, können Ihre Videos und Bilder verarbeitet werden, um Informationen über die Lage der verschiedenen Bereiche Ihres Gesichts und Ihrer Hände zu gewinnen. Die extrahierten Daten werden ausschließlich zum Anwenden von AR-Effekten auf Ihr Gesicht und Ihre Hände verwendet. Keine dieser Daten wird verwendet, um Sie persönlich zu identifizieren. Diese Daten werden nur für die Dauer der Sitzung auf Ihrem Gerät verarbeitet und dann sofort gelöscht. Diese Daten werden nicht an SwiftKey oder Drittanbieter gesendet.
Zusammenfassung anzeigen
Weitere Infos
Zurück zum Anfang
Windows
Windows ist eine personalisierte Computerumgebung, die es Ihnen ermöglicht, nahtlos auf Dienste, Einstellungen und Inhalte auf all Ihren Computergeräten – von Smartphones über Tablets bis hin zum Surface Hub – zuzugreifen. Anstatt als statisches Software-Programm auf Ihrem Gerät installiert, basieren die Schlüsselkomponenten von Windows auf Cloud und beide, sowohl Cloud als auch lokale Elemente von Windows werden regelmäßig aktualisiert, um Ihnen die neuesten Verbesserungen und Features zu bieten. Um dieses Computer-Erlebnis anzubieten, erheben wir Daten über Sie, Ihr Gerät und wie Sie Windows verwenden. Und weil Windows für Sie persönlich ist, geben wir Ihnen die Wahlmöglichkeiten darüber, welche personenbezogenen Daten wir erheben und wie wir diese verwenden. Beachten Sie, dass für den Fall, dass Ihr Windows-Gerät von Ihrer Organisation (wie Ihrem Arbeitgeber oder Ihrer Schule) verwaltet wird, Ihre Organisation zentrale Verwaltungstools verwenden kann, die von Microsoft oder anderen bereitgestellt werden, um auf Ihre Daten zuzugreifen und diese zu verarbeiten und um Geräteeinstellungen (einschließlich Datenschutzeinstellungen), Geräterichtlinien, Softwareaktualisierungen, Datenerfassung durch uns oder die Organisation oder andere Aspekte Ihres Geräts zu kontrollieren. Darüber hinaus kann Ihre Organisation Managementtools von Microsoft oder anderen verwenden, um auf Ihre Daten von diesem Gerät zuzugreifen und diese zu verarbeiten, einschließlich Ihrer Interaktions- und Diagnosedaten sowie der Inhalte Ihrer Kommunikationen und Dateien.
Die Windows-Einstellungen
, früher bekannt als PC-Einstellungen, sind ein wesentlicher Bestandteil von Microsoft Windows. Sie bietet eine praktische Schnittstelle zum Anpassen der Benutzereinstellungen, zum Konfigurieren des Betriebssystems und zum Verwalten verbundener Geräte, sodass Sie Benutzerkonten verwalten, Netzwerkeinstellungen anpassen und verschiedene Aspekte von Windows personalisieren können. Windows bietet einen Mechanismus, mit dem Anwendungen auf verschiedene Gerätefunktionen wie Kamera, Mikrofon, Standort, Kalender, Kontakte, Anrufverlauf, Nachrichten und mehr zugreifen können, während der Zugriff auf Ihre persönlichen Daten kontrolliert wird. Jede Funktion verfügt über eine eigene Seite für die Datenschutzeinstellungen in den Windows-Einstellungen, so dass Sie steuern können, welche App die einzelnen Funktionen nutzen können. Hier sind einige wichtige Features der Einstellungen:
Anpassung: Sie können verschiedene Aspekte von Windows anpassen, z. B. das Aussehen, die Spracheinstellungen und die Datenschutzoptionen. Die Windows-Einstellungen verwenden Ihr Mikrofon, um die Lautstärke zu regeln, die Kamera, wenn Sie die integrierte Kamera verwenden, und den Standort, um die Helligkeit bei Nacht zu ändern, um Ihnen bei der Anpassung Ihres Windows zu helfen.
Peripherieverwaltung: Installieren und verwalten Sie Peripheriegeräte wie Drucker, Monitore und externe Laufwerke.
Netzwerkkonfiguration: Passen Sie die Netzwerkeinstellungen an, einschließlich WLAN-, Ethernet-, Mobilfunk- und VPN-Verbindungen, und verwenden Sie die physische MAC-Adresse, IMEI und Mobilfunknummer, wenn das Gerät Mobilfunk unterstützt.
Kontoverwaltung: Hinzufügen oder Entfernen von Benutzerkonten, Ändern von Kontoeinstellungen und Verwalten von Anmeldeoptionen.
Optionen auf Systemebene: Konfigurieren Sie Anzeigeeinstellungen, Benachrichtigungen, Energieoptionen, verwalten Sie die Liste der installierten Apps und vieles mehr.
Datenschutz- & Sicherheitsverwaltung: Konfigurieren Sie Ihre Datenschutzeinstellungen, z. B. Speicherort, Sammlung von Diagnosedaten usw. Optimieren Sie, welche einzelnen Apps und Dienste auf Gerätefunktionen zugreifen können, indem Sie sie aktivieren oder deaktivieren.
Weitere Informationen zur Datenerfassung unter Windows finden Sie unter
Zusammenfassung der Datenerfassung für Windows
. In dieser Erklärung werden Windows 10 und Windows 11 behandelt, und die Verweise auf Windows in diesem Abschnitt beziehen sich auf diese Produktversionen. Für ältere Versionen von Windows (einschließlich Vista, Windows 7, Windows 8, and Windows 8.1) gelten eigene Datenschutzbestimmungen.
Windows ist eine personalisierte Computerumgebung, die es Ihnen ermöglicht, nahtlos auf Dienste, Einstellungen und Inhalte auf all Ihren Computergeräten – von Smartphones über Tablets bis hin zum Surface Hub – zuzugreifen. Anstatt als statisches Software-Programm auf Ihrem Gerät installiert, basieren die Schlüsselkomponenten von Windows auf Cloud und beide, sowohl Cloud als auch lokale Elemente von Windows werden regelmäßig aktualisiert, um Ihnen die neuesten Verbesserungen und Features zu bieten. Um dieses Computer-Erlebnis anzubieten, erheben wir Daten über Sie, Ihr Gerät und wie Sie Windows verwenden. Und weil Windows für Sie persönlich ist, geben wir Ihnen die Wahlmöglichkeiten darüber, welche personenbezogenen Daten wir erheben und wie wir diese verwenden. Beachten Sie, dass für den Fall, dass Ihr Windows-Gerät von Ihrer Organisation (wie Ihrem Arbeitgeber oder Ihrer Schule) verwaltet wird, Ihre Organisation zentrale Verwaltungstools verwenden kann, die von Microsoft oder anderen bereitgestellt werden, um auf Ihre Daten zuzugreifen und diese zu verarbeiten und um Geräteeinstellungen (einschließlich Datenschutzeinstellungen), Geräterichtlinien, Softwareaktualisierungen, Datenerfassung durch uns oder die Organisation oder andere Aspekte Ihres Geräts zu kontrollieren. Darüber hinaus kann Ihre Organisation Managementtools von Microsoft oder anderen verwenden, um auf Ihre Daten von diesem Gerät zuzugreifen und diese zu verarbeiten, einschließlich Ihrer Interaktions- und Diagnosedaten sowie der Inhalte Ihrer Kommunikationen und Dateien.
Die Windows-Einstellungen
, früher bekannt als PC-Einstellungen, sind ein wesentlicher Bestandteil von Microsoft Windows. Sie bietet eine praktische Schnittstelle zum Anpassen der Benutzereinstellungen, zum Konfigurieren des Betriebssystems und zum Verwalten verbundener Geräte, sodass Sie Benutzerkonten verwalten, Netzwerkeinstellungen anpassen und verschiedene Aspekte von Windows personalisieren können. Windows bietet einen Mechanismus, mit dem Anwendungen auf verschiedene Gerätefunktionen wie Kamera, Mikrofon, Standort, Kalender, Kontakte, Anrufverlauf, Nachrichten und mehr zugreifen können, während der Zugriff auf Ihre persönlichen Daten kontrolliert wird. Jede Funktion verfügt über eine eigene Seite für die Datenschutzeinstellungen in den Windows-Einstellungen, so dass Sie steuern können, welche App die einzelnen Funktionen nutzen können. Hier sind einige wichtige Features der Einstellungen:
Anpassung: Sie können verschiedene Aspekte von Windows anpassen, z. B. das Aussehen, die Spracheinstellungen und die Datenschutzoptionen. Die Windows-Einstellungen verwenden Ihr Mikrofon, um die Lautstärke zu regeln, die Kamera, wenn Sie die integrierte Kamera verwenden, und den Standort, um die Helligkeit bei Nacht zu ändern, um Ihnen bei der Anpassung Ihres Windows zu helfen.
Peripherieverwaltung: Installieren und verwalten Sie Peripheriegeräte wie Drucker, Monitore und externe Laufwerke.
Netzwerkkonfiguration: Passen Sie die Netzwerkeinstellungen an, einschließlich WLAN-, Ethernet-, Mobilfunk- und VPN-Verbindungen, und verwenden Sie die physische MAC-Adresse, IMEI und Mobilfunknummer, wenn das Gerät Mobilfunk unterstützt.
Kontoverwaltung: Hinzufügen oder Entfernen von Benutzerkonten, Ändern von Kontoeinstellungen und Verwalten von Anmeldeoptionen.
Optionen auf Systemebene: Konfigurieren Sie Anzeigeeinstellungen, Benachrichtigungen, Energieoptionen, verwalten Sie die Liste der installierten Apps und vieles mehr.
Datenschutz- & Sicherheitsverwaltung: Konfigurieren Sie Ihre Datenschutzeinstellungen, z. B. Speicherort, Sammlung von Diagnosedaten usw. Optimieren Sie, welche einzelnen Apps und Dienste auf Gerätefunktionen zugreifen können, indem Sie sie aktivieren oder deaktivieren.
Weitere Informationen zur Datenerfassung unter Windows finden Sie unter
Zusammenfassung der Datenerfassung für Windows
. In dieser Erklärung werden Windows 10 und Windows 11 behandelt, und die Verweise auf Windows in diesem Abschnitt beziehen sich auf diese Produktversionen. Für ältere Versionen von Windows (einschließlich Vista, Windows 7, Windows 8, and Windows 8.1) gelten eigene Datenschutzbestimmungen.
Aktivierung
Sobald Sie Windows aktivieren, wird ein spezifischer Product Key mit dem Gerät verbunden, auf dem die Software installiert ist. Der Product Key, sowie Daten über die Software und Gerätetyp werden an Microsoft gesendet, um die Lizenz für die Software zu bestätigen. Diese Daten können erneut gesendet werden, falls sich eine Notwendigkeit ergibt, Ihre Lizenz erneut zu aktivieren oder zu validieren. Bei mit Windows betriebenen Telefonen werden auch die Geräte- und Netzwerkbezeichner sowie der Gerätestandort zum Zeitpunkt des erstmaligen Einschaltens des Gerätes für die Zwecke der Registrierung der Garantie, der Vorratsergänzung und der Betrugsprävention an Microsoft gesendet.
Zurück zum Anfang
Aktivitätsverlauf
Mithilfe des Aktivitätsverlaufs können Sie verfolgen, wie Sie Ihr Gerät nutzen – welche Apps und Dienste Sie verwenden, welche Dateien Sie geöffnet und welche Websites Sie durchsucht haben. Ihr Aktivitätsverlauf wird erstellt, wenn Sie andere Apps und Features wie die Vorgängerversion von Microsoft Edge, einige Microsoft Store-Apps und Microsoft 365-Apps verwenden, und er wird lokal auf Ihrem Gerät gespeichert.
Sie können die Einstellungen für die lokale Speicherung des Aktivitätsverlaufs auf Ihrem Gerät aus- oder einschalten und Sie können den Aktivitätsverlauf Ihres Geräts jederzeit löschen, indem Sie zu
Datenschutz > Aktivitätsverlauf
in der Windows-Einstellungs-App gehen.
Erfahren Sie mehr über den Aktivitätsverlauf in Windows
.
Zurück zum Anfang
Werbe-ID
Windows erzeugt eine eindeutige Werbe-ID für jede Person, die ein Gerät verwendet. Diese Kennung kann von Anwendungsentwicklern und Werbenetzwerken zu eigenen Zwecken benutzt werden, beispielsweise zur Anzeige relevanter Werbung in Apps. Wenn die Werbe-ID aktiviert ist, können Microsoft Apps und Apps von Drittanbietern auf diese zugreifen und sie auf ähnliche Weise wie Websites verwenden, die auf einen eindeutigen, in einem Cookie gespeicherten Bezeichner zugreifen. Daher kann Ihre Werbe-ID von App-Entwicklern und den mit ihnen verbundenen Werbenetzwerken verwendet werden, um eine relevantere Werbung und andere personalisierte Erfahrungen mit deren Apps und im Web anzubieten. Microsoft sammelt die Werbe-ID für den hier beschriebenen Nutzen nur dann, wenn Sie die Werbe-ID als Teil der Datenschutzeinstellung aktivieren.
Die Einstellung für die Werbe-ID gilt für Windows-Apps, die die Windows Werbe-ID verwenden. Sie können den Zugriff auf diese Kennung jederzeit deaktivieren, indem Sie die Werbe-ID in der Windows-Einstellungsapp deaktivieren. Sobald Sie diesen erneut aktivieren, wird die Werbe-ID zurückgesetzt und ein neuer Bezeichner erzeugt. Wenn eine Drittanbieter-App auf die Werbe-ID zugreift, unterliegt die Verwendung der Werbe-ID deren eigenen Datenschutzrichtlinien.
Erfahren Sie mehr über Werbe-ID in Windows
.
Die Einstellung für die Werbe-ID gilt nicht für andere Methoden interessenbezogener Werbung, die von Microsoft oder von Drittanbietern bereitgestellt werden, z. B. Cookies für interessenbezogene Bildschirmanzeigen auf Websites. Produkte von Drittanbietern, auf die über Windows zugegriffen wird oder die unter Windows installiert sind, können gemäß ihren eigenen Datenschutzrichtlinien auch andere Formen von interessenbezogener Werbung liefern. Microsoft liefert andere Formen interessenbezogener Werbung in bestimmten Microsoft-Produkten sowohl direkt als auch durch Partnerschaften mit anderen Anzeigenanbietern. Weitere Informationen dazu, wie Microsoft Daten zu Werbezwecken nutzt, finden Sie im Abschnitt
So verwenden wir personenbezogene Daten
in diesen Bestimmungen.
Zurück zum Anfang
Diagnose
Microsoft sammelt Windows-Diagnosedaten, um Probleme zu beheben, Windows auf dem neuesten Stand zu halten und um Windows sichern und ordnungsgemäß betreiben zu können. Sie hilft uns auch bei der Verbesserung von Windows und verwandten Microsoft-Produkten und -Diensten. Während das Gerät läuft, werden Diagnosedaten gesammelt und regelmäßig an Microsoft übermittelt und zusammen mit einer oder mehreren eindeutigen Kennungen gespeichert, die uns dabei helfen können, einen einzelnen Benutzer auf einem einzelnen Gerät zu erkennen und die Serviceprobleme und Nutzungsmuster des Geräts zu verstehen.
Es gibt zwei Ebenen von Diagnose- und Aktivitätsdaten: „Erforderliche Diagnosedaten“ und „Optionale Diagnosedaten“. In einigen Produktdokumentationen und andere Materialien wird die Diagnosedatenkategorie „Erforderlich” als „Allgemein” und die Kategorie „Optional” als „Vollständig” bezeichnet.
Wenn eine Organisation (z. B. Ihr Arbeitgeber oder Ihre Schule) Microsoft Entra ID verwendet, um das Ihnen zur Verfügung gestellte Konto zu verwalten, und Ihr Gerät in der Windows-Diagnosedatenprozessorkonfiguration anmeldet, wird die Verarbeitung von Diagnosedaten durch Microsoft in Verbindung mit Windows durch einen Vertrag zwischen Microsoft und der Organisation geregelt. Wenn eine Organisation Microsoft-Verwaltungstools verwendet oder Microsoft mit der Verwaltung Ihres Geräts beauftragt, werden Microsoft und die Organisation Diagnose- und Fehlerdaten von Ihrem Gerät verwenden und verarbeiten, um die Verwaltung, Überwachung und Fehlerbehebung Ihrer von der Organisation verwalteten Geräte zu ermöglichen, sowie für andere Zwecke der Organisation.
Die erforderlichen Diagnosedaten
enthalten Informationen über Ihr Gerät, seine Einstellungen und Fähigkeiten sowie darüber, ob es ordnungsgemäß funktioniert. Wir sammeln die folgenden erforderlichen Diagnosedaten:
Geräte-, Verbindungs- und Konfigurationsdaten:
Daten über das Gerät wie Prozessortyp, OEM-Hersteller, Akkutyp und -kapazität, Anzahl und Typ von Kameras, Firmware und Speicherattribute.
Netzwerkfunktionen und Verbindungsdaten wie die IP-Adresse des Geräts, Mobilfunknetz (einschließlich IMEI und Mobilfunkanbieter) und Angaben dazu, ob das Gerät mit einem kostenlosen oder kostenpflichtigen Netz verbunden ist.
Daten über das Betriebssystem und seine Konfiguration, wie z. B. die Betriebssystemversion und Build-Nummer, Regions- und Spracheinstellungen, Diagnosedateneinstellungen und ob das Gerät Teil des Windows-Insider-Programms ist.
Daten über angeschlossene Peripheriegeräte wie Modell, Hersteller, Treiber und Kompatibilitätsdaten.
Daten über die Anwendungen, die auf dem Gerät installiert sind, beispielsweise Name, Version und Herausgeber der Anwendung.
Angaben darüber, ob ein Gerät für ein Update verfügbar ist oder ob Gründe vorliegen, die den Empfang von Updates verhindern können (beispielsweise niedriger Akkustand, wenig Festplattenspeicher oder Konnektivität über ein kostenpflichtiges Netzwerk).
Angaben darüber, ob Updates erfolgreich abgeschlossen wurden oder ob Fehler aufgetreten sind.
Daten über die Zuverlässigkeit des Diagnosesystems selbst.
Einfache Fehlerdaten wie Angaben über die Integrität von Betriebssystem und Anwendungen, die momentan ausgeführt werden. Beispielsweise wird bei dieser einfachen Fehlerberichterstattung übermittelt, ob eine Anwendung (z. B. Microsoft Paint) oder ein Spiel von Drittanbietern eingefroren oder abgestürzt ist.
Optionale Diagnosedaten
enthalten detailliertere Informationen über Ihr Gerät und seine Einstellungen, Fähigkeiten und den Gerätezustand. Optionale Diagnosedaten umfassen ggf. auch Daten über die von Ihnen besuchten Websites, die Geräteaktivität (manchmal auch als Nutzung bezeichnet) und erweiterte Fehlerberichte, die Microsoft helfen, Produkte und Dienste für alle Benutzer zu reparieren und zu verbessern. Wenn Sie sich dafür entscheiden, Diagnosedaten der Kategorie „Optional” zu senden, bestehen diese aus den Diagnosedaten der Kategorie „Erforderlich”, zu denen wir die folgenden zusätzlichen Informationen erfassen:
Daten über das Gerät, die Konnektivität und die Konfiguration, zusätzlich zu den in der Kategorie „Erforderlich” erfassten Diagnosedaten.
Statusdaten und Protokolldaten über die Integrität des Betriebssystems und anderer Komponenten, zusätzlich zu den in der Kategorie „Erforderlich” erfassten Diagnosedaten über die Update- und Diagnosesysteme.
Daten zur App-Aktivität, z. B. welche Programme auf einem Gerät gestartet werden, wie lange sie ausgeführt werden und wie schnell sie auf Eingaben reagieren.
Browseraktivität, einschließlich Browserverlauf und Suchbegriffe aus Microsoft-Browsern (Microsoft Edge oder Internet Explorer).
Erweiterte Fehlerberichterstattung, die den Speicherstatus des Geräts bei einem System- oder App-Absturz umfasst. Dabei können unbeabsichtigt Anwenderdaten, wie beispielsweise Teile der Datei übermittelt werden, die Sie beim Auftreten des Problems verwendet haben.
Einige der oben beschriebenen Daten werden möglicherweise nicht auf Ihrem Gerät erfasst, selbst wenn Sie gewählt haben, Diagnosedaten der Kategorie „Optional” zu übermitteln. Microsoft minimiert das Datenvolumen, das wir auf allen Geräten erfassen, indem wir in der Kategorie „Optional” bestimmte Daten nur auf einigen Geräten erfassen (Stichprobe). Wenn Sie das Tool „Diagnosedatenanzeige” ausführen, wird ein Symbol angezeigt, das angibt, ob Ihr Gerät Teil einer Stichprobe ist und welche spezifischen Daten auf Ihrem Gerät erfasst werden. Anweisungen zum Herunterladen des Tools Diagnosedaten-Viewer finden Sie in den Windows-Einstellungen unter Diagnose & Feedback.
Bestimmte Datenelemente der Windows-Diagnose können sich ändern, damit Microsoft flexibel genug ist, um die erforderlichen Daten für die beschriebenen Zwecke zu sammeln. Um Microsoft beispielsweise in die Lage zu versetzen, das neueste Leistungsproblem zu beheben, das sich auf die Computererfahrung der Benutzer auswirkt, oder ein Windows-Gerät zu aktualisieren, das neu auf dem Markt ist, muss Microsoft möglicherweise Datenelemente erfassen, die zuvor nicht erfasst wurden. Eine aktuelle Liste der Datentypen, die bei
Erforderlichen Diagnosedaten
und
optionalen Diagnosedaten
gesammelt werden, finden Sie unter
Windows-Diagnoseereignisse und -Felder
oder
Windows Optional (Vollversion) Diagnosedaten
. Wir stellen Partnern (z. B. dem Gerätehersteller) begrenzte Teile aus Fehlerberichten zur Verfügung, damit diese Probleme mit Produkten und Diensten beheben können, die mit Windows und anderen Produkten und Diensten von Microsoft in Zusammenhang stehen. Die Partner dürfen diese Daten ausschließlich zur Problembehebung oder Weiterentwicklung der genannten Produkte und Dienste verwenden. Wir teilen mit ausgewählten Dritten möglicherweise auch einige aggregierte, anonymisierte Diagnosedaten wie allgemeine Nutzungstrends für Windows-Apps und Features.
Weitere Informationen über Diagnosedaten in Windows
.
Erkennen von Freihand- und Tastatureingaben
. Sie können Microsoft auch bei der Verbesserung der Erkennung von Freihand- und Tastatureingaben unterstützen, indem Sie Diagnosedaten zu Freihand- und Tastatureingaben senden. Wenn Sie sich dafür entscheiden, sammelt Microsoft Muster des von Ihnen eingegebenen oder geschriebenen Inhalts, um Funktionen wie die Handschrifterkennung, die automatische Vervollständigung, die Vorhersage des nächsten Worts und die Rechtschreibkorrektur in den vielen von Microsoft-Kunden verwendeten Sprachen zu verbessern. Wenn Microsoft Diagnosedaten von Freihand- und Tastatureingaben sammelt, werden diese in kleinere Proben aufgeteilt und entsprechend verarbeitet, um Bezeichner, Sequenzierungsinformationen und andere Daten (z. B. Namen, E-Mail-Adressen und numerische Werte) zu entfernen, die geeignet sind, den ursprünglichen Inhalt zu rekonstruieren oder Ihnen zuzuordnen. Darin enthalten sind auch zugehörige Leistungsdaten, wie z. B. Textänderungen, die Sie manuell vornehmen, wie auch Wörter, die Sie dem Wörterbuch hinzugefügt haben.
Erfahren Sie mehr über die Verbesserung von Freihand- und Tastatureingaben in Windows
.
Zurück zum Anfang
Personalisierte Angebote
Wenn Sie
Personalisierte Angebote aktivieren
, verwenden wir Informationen über Ihr Gerät und Ihre Verwendung, einschließlich Windows-Diagnosedaten, in Kombination mit Ihren Kontoinformationen und den von anderen Microsoft-Produkten und -Diensten erfassten Daten, um Ihnen personalisierte Tipps, Anzeigen und Empfehlungen zur Verbesserung Ihres Windows-Erlebnisses anzubieten. Zu den personalisierten Angeboten gehören Vorschläge zum Anpassen und Optimieren von Windows sowie Werbeanzeigen und Empfehlungen für Produkte und Dienste von Microsoft und Drittanbietern, Features, Apps und Hardware für Ihre Windows-Erfahrung. Windows informiert Sie beispielsweise über neue Features, mit denen Sie Ihr Gerät optimal nutzen können. Wenn Sie Filme in Ihrem Browser streamen, kann Windows eine App aus dem Microsoft Store empfehlen, die effizienter streamt. Oder, falls nicht genügend Speicherplatz auf der Festplatte vorhanden ist, empfiehlt Windows möglicherweise, den Onlinespeicherdienst OneDrive auszuprobieren oder Hardware für zusätzlichen Speicherplatz zu erwerben.
Wenn personalisierte Angebote aktiviert sind, verwendet Windows möglicherweise Ihre erforderlichen Diagnosedaten, um Angebote zu personalisieren. Diese Daten können Informationen zu Ihrem Gerät, seinen Einstellungen und Funktionen sowie zu seiner ordnungsgemäßen Funktionsweise enthalten. Wenn Sie sich entschieden haben, optionale Diagnosedaten freizugeben, können die Daten, die zum Personalisieren von Angeboten verwendet werden, auch Informationen zu Ihrer Verwendung von Apps und Features sowie zusätzliche Informationen zur Integrität Ihres Geräts enthalten. Wir können auch Informationen über Ihr Gerät und Ihre Aktivitäten verwenden, um Angebote lokal auf Ihrem Gerät zu personalisieren, auch wenn die Daten Ihr Gerät nicht verlassen. Wir verwenden den Inhalt von Absturzabbildern, Sprach-, Eingabe- oder Freihandeingabedaten nicht zum Personalisieren von Angeboten.
Zusätzlich zu Informationen zu Ihrem Gerät und ihrer Verwendung, einschließlich Windows-Diagnosedaten, können wir die folgenden Daten aus anderen Microsoft-Produkten und Ihrem Konto mit Windows-Diagnosedaten verwenden oder kombinieren, um Angebote zu personalisieren:
Webaktivität, wenn Sie Microsoft Edge Berechtigung zum Sammeln Ihrer Webaktivität für personalisierte Suche, Anzeigen und Nachrichten erteilen.
Informationen zu Ihrer Verwendung anderer Microsoft-Produkte und -Dienste, einschließlich Microsoft Bing, Microsoft 365, Xbox und Microsoft-Websites, z. B. MSN.com.
Abonnement- und Kaufverlauf.
Daten von Websites von Drittanbietern, die möglicherweise mit Microsoft geteilt werden.
Wir können auch Informationen zu Ihren Interaktionen mit Tipps, Empfehlungen und Werbeaktionen verwenden, um personalisierte Angebote und ähnliche Nachrichten in anderen Microsoft-Produkten bereitzustellen und zu verbessern.
Um zu verwalten, wie von anderen Microsoft-Produkten gesammelte Daten zum Personalisieren von Angeboten verwendet werden, können Sie Ihre
Seite für personalisierte Anzeigen und Angebote
besuchen. Die Daten, die wir zum Personalisieren von Angeboten verwenden, können sich im Laufe der Zeit ändern, doch diese Seite enthält immer die neueste Liste von Datenquellen, damit Sie Entscheidungen darüber treffen können, wie Ihre Daten von Microsoft verwendet werden. In einigen Regionen, z. B. im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum, verhindert das Deaktivieren personalisierter Angebote unter Windows auch die Verwendung von Daten aus anderen Microsoft-Produkten, um Tipps, Anzeigen und Empfehlungen in Windows zu personalisieren. In anderen Regionen können Sie verwalten, wie von anderen Microsoft-Produkten gesammelte Daten verwendet werden, um Angebote zu personalisieren, indem Sie Ihre
Seite für personalisierte Anzeigen und Angebote
besuchen.
Kontextbezogene Daten von Ihrem Gerät und einige grundlegende Kontodaten werden verwendet, um Ihnen geeignete Nachrichten in Windows anzuzeigen, unabhängig davon, ob die Einstellung für personalisierte Angebote oder die Verwendung von Daten aus anderen Microsoft-Produkten zum Personalisieren von Angeboten deaktiviert sind. Diese Daten werden beispielsweise verwendet, um sicherzustellen, dass der Inhalt in der richtigen Sprache und für Ihre Zielgruppe geeignet ist.
Personalisierte Angebote gelten für Tipps, Angebote, Anzeigen und Empfehlungen, die in Windows angezeigt werden. Das Ändern dieser Einstellung wirkt sich nicht auf die Arten von Angeboten aus, die in anderen Microsoft-Produkten angezeigt werden. Sie können diese Einstellung jederzeit ändern, indem Sie in der Windows-Einstellungs-App nach
personalisierten Angeboten
suchen.
Weitere Informationen zu personalisierten Angeboten
.
„Personalisierte Benutzererfahrung“
Maßgeschneiderte Oberflächen werden in neueren Versionen von Windows durch personalisierte Angebote ersetzt. Wenn Sie nicht das neueste Windows Update installiert haben, werden auf Ihrem Gerät möglicherweise weiterhin maßgeschneiderte Oberflächen angezeigt.
Wenn Sie die Option Maßgeschneiderte Erfahrungen aktivieren, verwenden wir Ihre Windows-Diagnosedaten (erforderlich oder optional, je nach Ihrer Auswahl), um Ihnen personalisierte Tipps, Anzeigen und Empfehlungen zur Verbesserung der Microsoft-Erfahrung anzubieten. Wenn Sie "Erforderlich" als Einstellung für die Diagnosedaten gewählt haben, basiert die Personalisierung auf Informationen über Ihr Gerät, seine Einstellungen und Fähigkeiten sowie darüber, ob es ordnungsgemäß funktioniert. Wenn Sie die Einstellung Optional gewählt haben, basiert die Personalisierung auch auf Informationen darüber, wie Sie Anwendungen und Funktionen nutzen, sowie auf zusätzlichen Informationen über den Zustand Ihres Geräts. Wir verwenden jedoch keine Informationen über die von Ihnen besuchten Websites, den Inhalt von Crash Dumps, Sprach-, Tipp- oder Farbeingabedaten für die Personalisierung, wenn wir solche Daten von Kunden erhalten, die Optional gewählt haben. Die Daten für maßgeschneiderte Oberflächen werden mit mindestens einem oder mehreren eindeutigen Bezeichner(n) versehen, an Microsoft gesendet und gespeichert. Sie helfen uns dabei, einen einzelnen Benutzer auf einem bestimmten Gerät zu erkennen, Servicefälle des Gerätes zu verstehen und Nutzungsmuster zu speichern.
Die individuelle Benutzererfahrung beinhaltet Vorschläge zum Anpassen und Optimieren von Windows sowie Werbeanzeigen, Empfehlungen und Angebote für Produkte und Dienste von Microsoft und Drittanbietern, Features, Apps und Hardware für Ihre Windows-Erfahrung. Um Ihr Gerät optimal zu unterstützen, informieren wir Sie eventuell über Funktionen, die Sie möglicherweise nicht kennen oder die neu sind. Wenn Sie ein Problem mit Ihrem Windows-Gerät haben, wird Ihnen dort möglicherweise eine Lösung angeboten. Sie haben gegebenenfalls die Möglichkeit, Ihren Sperrbildschirm mit Bildern anzupassen oder mehr Bilder anzuzeigen, die Ihnen gefallen, oder weniger Bilder anzuzeigen, die Ihnen nicht gefallen. Wenn Sie Filme in Ihrem Browser streamen, kann eine App aus dem Microsoft Store empfohlen werden, die effizienter streamt. Ist nicht genügend Speicherplatz auf der Festplatte vorhanden, empfiehlt Windows möglicherweise, den Onlinespeicherdienst OneDrive auszuprobieren oder Hardware für zusätzlichen Speicherplatz zu erwerben.
Weitere Informationen über personalisierte Benutzererfahrungen in Windows
.
Zurück zum Anfang
Feedback-Hub
Feedback-Hub bietet eine Möglichkeit, Feedback zu Microsoft-Produkten und installierten Erstanbieter- und Drittanbieter-Apps zu sammeln. Wenn Sie Feedback-Hub verwenden, liest Feedback-Hub regelmäßig die Liste der installierten Apps, um zu bestimmen, für welche Apps Feedback gesendet werden kann. Feedback-Hub bestimmt die auf Ihrem Gerät installierten Apps über öffentliche APIs. Darüber hinaus verwendet Feedback-Hub für HoloLens Ihre Kamera und Ihr Mikrofon, wenn Sie die Umgebung und Audioeingabe freigeben möchten. Außerdem wird die Bild- und Dokumentbibliothek verwendet, um auf Screenshots und Bildschirmaufzeichnungen zuzugreifen, die Sie als Teil des Feedbacks zum Senden anfügen.
Sie können sich bei Feedback-Hub mit Ihrem persönlichen Microsoft-Konto anmelden oder mit einem von Ihrer Organisation (z. B. Ihrem Arbeitgeber oder Ihrer Schule) bereitgestellten Konto, das Sie verwenden, um sich bei Microsoft-Produkten anzumelden. Die Anmeldung mit Ihrem Geschäfts- oder Schulkonto ermöglicht Ihnen das Übermitteln von Feedback an Microsoft im Zusammenhang mit Ihrer Organisation. Jegliches Feedback, das Sie unter Verwendung Ihres Geschäfts-, Schul- oder Unikonto oder Ihres persönlichen Microsoft-Kontos abgeben, kann je nach den von den Administratoren Ihrer Organisation konfigurierten Einstellungen öffentlich angezeigt werden. Darüber kann Ihr Feedback, wenn Sie es mit Ihrem Geschäfts-, Schul- oder Unikonto bereitstellen, über den Feedback-Hub von den IT-Administratoren Ihrer Organisation angezeigt werden.
Wenn Sie Feedback an Microsoft zu einem Problem übermitteln oder weitere Details zu einem Problem hinzufügen, werden Diagnosedaten an Microsoft gesendet, um Microsoft-Produkte und -Dienste zu verbessern. Je nach Ihren Einstellungen für Diagnosedaten im Abschnitt
Diagnose & Feedback
der Windows-Einstellungen, sendet Feedback Hub entweder automatisch Diagnosedaten oder Sie haben die Möglichkeit, diese zum Zeitpunkt des Feedbacks an Microsoft zu senden. Je nach der Kategorie, die beim Übermitteln des Feedbacks gewählt wurde, können zusätzliche personenbezogene Daten erfasst werden, die bei der weiteren Fehlerbehebung helfen; z. B. ortsbezogene Informationen beim Übermitteln von Feedback zu Ortungsdiensten oder Anvisieren-bezogene Informationen beim Übermitteln von Feedback zu Mixed Reality. Microsoft kann auch Ihr Feedback zusammen mit den bei der Übermittlung Ihres Feedbacks gesammelten Daten an Microsoft-Partner (z. B. einen Gerätehersteller oder Firmware-Entwickler) weitergeben, um ihnen bei der Fehlerbehebung von Produkten und Diensten zu helfen, die mit Windows und anderen Microsoft-Produkten und -Diensten funktionieren.
Weitere Informationen über Diagnosedaten in Windows
.
Zurück zum Anfang
Hilfe
„Hilfe“ ermöglicht es Windows-Benutzern, technische Unterstützung für Windows und andere Microsoft-Anwendungen zu erhalten.  Es bietet Self-Service-Support (z. B. Links zu Hilfeartikeln oder Anleitungen, wie Windows-Benutzer Probleme selbst lösen können), Diagnosen und verbindet den Kunden gegebenenfalls mit einem Live-Microsoft-Agenten. Sie können sich mit Ihrem Microsoft-Konto bei der Hilfe-Komponente anmelden, um einen Kunden-Supportfall zu erstellen.  Benutzer von Unternehmenskonten können je nach Supportvertrag ihres Unternehmens und nach Freigabe durch ihren Mandantenadministrator auch einen Kundensupportfall erstellen.
Hilfe schlagen möglicherweise vor, dass Sie eine Diagnose ausführen. Wenn Sie zustimmen, werden die Diagnosedaten gemäß dem Abschnitt
Diagnose
behandelt.
Wenn dies durch Systemeinstellungen zulässig ist, kann das Systemmikrofon verwendet werden, um die Supportfrage zu erfassen, anstatt sie eingeben zu müssen. Sie können dies in den Datenschutzeinstellungen für das Mikrofon in der Windows-Einstellungsanwendung steuern. Hilfe greifen auch auf Ihre Anwendungsliste zu, um die Feedback-Hub für die richtige App zu öffnen, wenn Sie den Feedbackprozess innerhalb Hilfe starten möchten. Das gesamte Feedback wird vom Feedback-Hub eingegeben und gesteuert, wie im Feedback-Hub Abschnitt dieser Datenschutzerklärung beschrieben. Hilfe verwendet Ihre Standortdaten nicht als Teil seiner Dienste.
Zurück zum Anfang
Liveuntertitel
Liveuntertitel transkribieren Audio, um das Verständnis gesprochener Inhalte zu erleichtern. Liveuntertitel können Beschriftungen aus jedem Audio generieren, das Sprache enthält, unabhängig davon, ob die Audiodaten online sind, auf Ihr Gerät heruntergeladen oder von Ihrem Mikrofon empfangen wurden. Standardmäßig ist das Transkribieren von Mikrofonaudio deaktiviert.
Beschriftete Sprachdaten werden nur auf Ihrem Gerät verarbeitet und nicht für die Cloud oder für Microsoft freigegeben.
Weitere Informationen zu Liveuntertiteln
.
Zurück zum Anfang
Ortungsdienste und Aufzeichnung
Windows-Standortdienst
. Microsoft verfügt über einen Positionsdienst, welcher dabei hilft, die genaue geografische Position eines bestimmten Windows-Geräts zu bestimmen. Je nach den Möglichkeiten des Geräts kann sein Standort mit unterschiedlicher Genauigkeit bestimmt und in einigen Fällen genau bestimmt werden. Wenn Sie den Ortungsdienst auf einem Windows-Gerät aktiviert oder Microsoft-Apps erlaubt haben, Positionsinformationen auf anderen Geräten zu erfassen, werden die Daten über Mobilfunkmasten und WLAN-Zugangspunkte sowie deren Standorte von Microsoft erhoben und der Positionsdatenbank hinzugefügt, nachdem alle Daten, welche die Person oder das Gerät identifizieren können, vorher entfernt wurden. Diese nicht identifizierten Standortinformationen werden verwendet, um die Standortdienste von Microsoft zu verbessern.
Windows-Dienste und -Funktionen, unter Windows ausgeführte Anwendungen und in Windows-Browsern geöffnete Websites können über Windows auf den Standort des Geräts zugreifen, wenn Ihre Einstellungen dies zulassen. Einige Features und Apps bitten um Ihre Zustimmung zur Standortbestimmung, wenn Sie Windows erstmals installieren, einige bei erster Verwendung der App und andere jedes Mal, wenn Sie auf die Positionsdienste des Geräts zugreifen. Weitere Informationen zu bestimmten Windows-Apps, die den Positionsdienst des Geräts verwenden, finden Sie im Abschnitt
Windows Apps
dieser Datenschutzbestimmungen.
Wenn eine App oder ein Feature auf die Positionsdienste des Geräts zugreift und Sie mit einem Microsoft-Konto angemeldet sind, lädt Ihr Windows-Gerät seine Position auch in die Cloud hoch, wo sie auf allen Ihren Geräten für andere Apps oder Dienste verfügbar sind, die Ihr Microsoft-Konto verwendet und für die Sie Ihre Zustimmung erteilt haben. Wir behalten nur die letzte bekannte Position bei (jede neue Position ersetzt die vorherige). Die Daten über den aktuellen Positionsverlauf eines Windows-Geräts werden außerdem auf dem Gerät gespeichert, auch wenn kein Microsoft-Konto verwendet wird, und bestimmte App- und Windows-Features können auf diesen Positionsverlauf zugreifen. Sie können den Standortverlauf Ihres Geräts jederzeit in der Windows-Einstellungsapp löschen.
In der Windows-Einstellungsapp können Sie auch anzeigen, welche Apps Zugriff auf den genauen Standort des Geräts oder den Standortverlauf Ihres Geräts haben, den Zugriff auf den Standort des Geräts für bestimmte Apps deaktivieren oder aktivieren oder den Zugriff auf den Standort des Geräts deaktivieren. Sie können ebenfalls den Standardstandort einstellen, wenn der Positionsdienst keine genauere Position für Ihr Gerät erkennen kann.
Es gibt einige Möglichkeiten zur Ermittlung des Standort Ihres Geräts, die nicht direkt von den Standorteinstellungen verwaltet werden.
Desktop-Apps fordern keine separate Berechtigung zur Standortbestimmung Ihres Geräts an und werden nicht in der Liste angezeigt, in der Sie Apps auswählen können, die Ihren Standort verwenden dürfen. Sie können von Microsoft Store oder aus dem Internet heruntergeladen, oder von einem bestimmten Medientyp (beispielsweise CD, DVD oder USB-Stick) installiert werden. Sie werden mit einer EXE-, MSI- oder DLL-Datei geöffnet und üblicherweise auf Ihrem Gerät ausgeführt, im Gegensatz zu webbasierten Apps (die in der Cloud ausgeführt werden).
Weitere Informationen über Drittanbieter-Desktop-Apps und wie diese immer noch die Position Ihres Geräts bestimmen können, wenn die Positionseinstellung des Geräts deaktiviert ist
.
Einige webbasierte Umgebungen oder Apps von Drittanbietern, die unter Windows angezeigt werden, können andere Technologien (z. B. Bluetooth, WLAN, Mobilfunkmodem usw.) oder cloudbasierte Positionsdienste verwenden, um den Standort Ihres Geräts mit unterschiedlicher Genauigkeit zu bestimmen, auch wenn Sie die Einstellung für den Gerätestandort deaktiviert haben.
Damit Sie im Notfall Hilfe erhalten, versucht Windows darüber hinaus bei jedem Notruf, unabhängig von Ihren Standorteinstellungen, Ihren genauen Standort zu bestimmen und zu teilen. Wenn Ihr Gerät eine SIM-Karte enthält oder auf andere Weise Mobilfunkdienste nutzt, hat Ihr Mobilfunkanbieter Zugriff auf die Position Ihres Geräts.
Weitere Informationen über den Positionsdienst in Windows
.
Ungefährer Standort
. Wenn Sie die Standortdienste aktivieren, können Anwendungen, die Ihren genauen Standort nicht verwenden können, dennoch auf Ihren allgemeinen Standort zugreifen, z. B. auf Ihre Stadt, Postleitzahl oder Region.
Mein Gerät suchen
. Die Funktion "Mein Gerät suchen" ermöglicht es einem Administrator eines Windows-Geräts, den Standort dieses Geräts unter account.microsoft.com/devices zu finden. Für die Aktivierung von „Mein Gerät suchen“ muss ein Administrator mit einem Microsoft-Konto angemeldet sein und die Positionseinstellung aktiviert haben. Dieses Feature kann auch dann genutzt werden, wenn andere Benutzer die Positionsdienste für alle Apps deaktiviert haben. Wenn der Administrator versucht, das Gerät zu finden, erhalten die Benutzer eine Benachrichtigung im Info-Center.
Weitere Informationen über „Mein Gerät suchen” in Windows
.
Aufzeichnung
. Einige Windows-Geräte besitzen auch eine Aufzeichnungsfunktion, die Ihnen die Erfassung von Audio- und Videoclips über Ihre Aktivitäten auf dem Gerät erlaubt, einschließlich der Kommunikation mit anderen. Wenn Sie sich dafür entscheiden, eine Sitzung aufzuzeichnen, wird die Aufzeichnung lokal auf Ihrem Gerät gespeichert. In einigen Fällen haben Sie die Option zum Senden der Aufzeichnung an ein Microsoft-Produkt oder -Dienst, das/der die Aufzeichnung öffentlich überträgt.
Wichtig: Sie sollten sich über Ihre rechtlichen Pflichten im Klaren sein, bevor Sie eine Mitteilung aufzeichnen und/oder weiterleiten. Dies kann die vorherige Zustimmung aller an dem Gespräch teilnehmenden Personen oder andere erforderliche Genehmigungen umfassen.
Microsoft ist nicht dafür verantwortlich, wie Sie die Aufzeichnungsfeatures oder Ihre Aufnahmen verwenden.
Zurück zum Anfang
Sprachausgabe
Die Sprachausgabe ist eine Bildschirmleser-App, mit der Sie Windows ohne Bildschirm verwenden können. Die Sprachausgabe bietet eine intelligente Bild- und Seitentitelbeschreibung sowie Webseitenzusammenfassungen, wenn Sie auf Bilder ohne Beschreibung und mehrdeutige Links treffen.
Wenn Sie eine Bildbeschreibung aufrufen, indem Sie Sprachausgabe + STRG + D drücken, wird das Bild an Microsoft gesendet, um das Bild zu analysieren und eine Beschreibung zu generieren. Bilder dienen lediglich zum Generieren der Beschreibung und werden nicht von Microsoft gespeichert.
Wenn Sie Seitentitelbeschreibungen aufrufen, indem Sie Sprachausgabe + Strg + D drücken, wird die URL der besuchten Website an Microsoft gesendet, um die Beschreibung des Seitentitels zu generieren und Microsoft-Dienste bereitzustellen und zu verbessern, z. B. Bing-Dienste wie im Abschnitt „Bing“ weiter oben beschrieben.
Wenn Sie eine Liste beliebter Links für eine Webseite aufrufen, indem Sie Sprachausgabe + zweimal auf S drücken, wird die URL der besuchten Website an Microsoft gesendet, um die Zusammenfassung beliebter Links zu generieren und Microsoft-Dienste wie Bing bereitzustellen und zu verbessern.
Sie können diese Funktionen jederzeit deaktivieren, indem Sie zu
Sprachausgabe>Bildbeschreibungen, Seitentitel und beliebte Links abrufen
in den Einstellungen in Windows wechseln.
Sie können auch Feedback zur Sprachausgabe senden, um Microsoft bei der Diagnose und Lösung von Problemen mit der Sprachausgabe zu unterstützen und Microsoft-Produkte und -Dienste wie Windows zu verbessern. Mündliches Feedback kann jederzeit in der Sprachausgabe über die Sprachausgabe-Taste + Alt + F übermittelt werden. Wenn Sie diesen Befehl verwenden, wird die Feedback-Hub-App gestartet, mit der Sie mündliches Feedback übermitteln können. Wenn Sie die Einstellung “ "Hilfe zur Verbesserung der Sprachausgabe" ” in der Windows-Einstellungsapp aktivieren und über Feedback-Hub gesprochenes Feedback übermitteln, werden aktuelle Geräte- und Nutzungsdaten, einschließlich ETL-Daten (Ereignisablaufverfolgungsprotokoll), zusammen mit Ihrem Feedback übermittelt, um Microsoft-Produkte und -Dienste wie Windows zu verbessern.
Zurück zum Anfang
Smartphone-Link – Link zu Windows
Mit dem Smartphone-Link-Feature können Sie Ihr Android-Smartphone über Bluetooth mit Ihrem Microsoft-Konto und Ihrem iPhone verknüpfen, um eine Verbindung mit Ihrem Windows-PC herzustellen. Ihr Android-Gerät wird mit Ihrem Microsoft-Konto verknüpft und Ihr iPhone wird über Bluetooth verbunden, was eine Vielzahl von geräteübergreifenden Erfahrungen auf allen Ihren Windows-Geräten ermöglicht, auf denen Sie angemeldet oder über Bluetooth verbunden sind. Sie können Smartphone-Link verwenden, um aktuelle Fotos von Ihrem Android-Telefon auf Ihrem Windows-Gerät anzuzeigen, Live-Anrufe von Ihrem Android-Smartphone auf Ihrem Windows-Gerät zu tätigen und entgegenzunehmen, Textnachrichten von Ihrem Windows-Gerät aus anzuzeigen und zu versenden, Benachrichtigungen von Ihrem Android-Smartphone auf Ihrem Windows-Gerät anzuzeigen, zu verwerfen oder andere Aktionen auszuführen, den Bildschirm Ihres Telefons über die Spiegelungsfunktion von Smartphone-Link auf Ihrem Windows-Gerät freizugeben und sofortigen Zugriff auf Android-Apps, die auf Ihrem Android-Smartphone installiert sind, auf Ihrem Windows-Gerät zu erhalten. Sie können Smartphone-Link verwenden, um von Ihrem iPhone aus Anrufe zu tätigen und entgegenzunehmen, Textnachrichten anzuzeigen und zu senden sowie Benachrichtigungen auf Ihrem iPhone von Ihrem Windows-Gerät aus anzuzeigen, zu beenden oder andere Aktionen auszuführen.
Um Smartphone Link verwenden zu können, muss die Link zu Windows-App auf Ihrem Android-Smartphone installiert sein. Sie können optional auch den Smartphone-Link auf Ihr iPhone herunterladen.
Um Smartphone-Link verwenden zu können, müssen Sie sich in Ihrem Microsoft-Konto auf dem Smartphone-Link-Feature auf Ihrem Windows-Gerät und bei Link zu Windows auf Ihrem Android-Telefon anmelden oder Bluetooth auf Ihrem iPhone aktivieren. Ihr Android-Smartphone und Ihr Windows-Gerät müssen mit dem Internet verbunden sein. Für einige Features müssen Sie Bluetooth aktivieren und Ihr Smartphone mit Ihrem PC koppeln. Um das Feature "Anrufe" nutzen zu können, muss auf Ihrem Android-Telefon auch Bluetooth aktiviert sein.
Beim Einrichten Ihres Windows-Geräts können Sie Ihr Telefon mit Ihrem Microsoft-Konto verknüpfen. Dazu müssen Sie sich auf Ihrem Android-Telefon bei Link zu Windows anmelden, Berechtigungen erteilen und das Onboarding abschließen. Sobald dies geschehen ist, synchronisiert Link zu Windows Ihre Daten mit all Ihren Windows-PCs, auf denen Sie sich mit Ihrem Microsoft-Konto angemeldet haben. Weitere Informationen zur Verwendung Ihrer Daten finden Sie unten.
Als Teil der Bereitstellung der Features von „Smartphone-Link” erfasst Microsoft Leistungs-, Verwendungs- und Gerätedaten, zu denen beispielsweise die Hardwarefunktionen Ihres Mobiltelefons und Windows-Geräts, die Anzahl und Dauer Ihrer Sitzungen auf Ihrem Handy und die Setup-Zeitdauer gehören.
Sie können die Verknüpfung Ihres Android-Telefons mit Ihrem Windows-Gerät jederzeit aufheben, indem Sie die Einstellungen für den Smartphone-Link öffnen und ihr Android-Smartphone entfernen. Sie können dies auch über die Einstellungen in Link zu Windows auf Ihrem Android-Smartphone tun. Ausführliche Informationen finden Sie auf
unserer Supportseite
.
Sie können die Verknüpfung zwischen Ihrem iPhone und Ihrem Windows-Gerät jederzeit aufheben, indem Sie in den Smartphone-Link-Einstellungen die Option zum Entfernen des iPhone wählen. Sie können dies auch auf Ihrem iPhone tun, indem Sie zu
Einstellungen > Bluetooth > Wählen Sie ihren PC-Namen aus, > klicken Sie auf das Symbol (i) >
und wählen Sie
Dieses Gerät vergessen
aus. Alle Benutzer können die Bluetooth-Kopplung entfernen, indem sie die Benutzeroberfläche deaktivieren.
SMS: Android-Geräte.
Mit „Smartphone-Link” können Sie SMS-Nachrichten, die an Ihr Android-Handy gesendet werden, auf Ihrem Windows-Gerät anzeigen, und Sie können SMS-Nachrichten über Ihr Windows-Gerät senden. Auf Ihrem Windows-Gerät werden nur SMS-Nachrichten angezeigt, die innerhalb der letzten 30 Tage empfangen und gesendet wurden. Diese SMS-Nachrichten werden vorübergehend auf Ihrem Windows-Gerät gespeichert. Wir speichern Ihre SMS-Nachrichten niemals auf unseren Servern und ändern oder löschen keine SMS-Nachrichten auf Ihrem Android-Handy. Sie können Nachrichten sehen, die über SMS (Short Message Service), MMS (Multimedia Messaging Service) auf Android-Geräten gesendet wurden, und Nachrichten, die über RCS (Rich Communication Services) auf ausgewählten Samsung-Geräten in ausgewählten Mobilfunknetzen gesendet wurden. Um diese Funktionalität bereitzustellen, greift „Smartphone-Link” auf den Inhalt Ihrer SMS-Nachrichten zu sowie auf die Kontaktinformationen der Personen oder Unternehmen, mit denen Sie per SMS kommunizieren.
SMS: iPhones.
Mit „Smartphone-Link” können Sie SMS-Nachrichten, die an Ihr IPhone gesendet werden, auf Ihrem Windows-Gerät anzeigen, und Sie können SMS-Nachrichten über Ihr Windows-Gerät senden. Nur SMS-Nachrichten, die innerhalb Ihrer Bluetooth-Sitzung oder iMessage empfangen und gesendet werden, sind auf Ihren Windows-Geräten sichtbar. Diese SMS-Nachrichten werden vorübergehend auf Ihrem Windows-Gerät gespeichert. Wir speichern Ihre SMS-Nachrichten niemals auf unseren Servern und ändern oder löschen keine SMS-Nachrichten auf Ihrem iPhone. Sie können Nachrichten anzeigen, die per SMS (Short Message Service) gesendet wurden. Um diese Funktionalität bereitzustellen, greift „Smartphone-Link” auf den Inhalt Ihrer SMS-Nachrichten zu sowie auf die Kontaktinformationen der Personen oder Unternehmen, mit denen Sie per SMS kommunizieren.
Anrufe: Android-Geräte.
Mit „Smartphone-Link” können Sie Anrufe von Ihrem Android-Smartphone auf Ihrem Windows-Gerät tätigen und annehmen. Über „Smartphone-Link“ können Sie Ihre letzten Anrufe auch auf Ihrem Windows-Gerät anzeigen. Um dieses Feature zu aktivieren, müssen Sie bestimmte Berechtigungen, z. B. den Zugriff auf Anrufprotokolle und die Berechtigung, über Ihren PC zu telefonieren, sowohl auf Ihrem Windows-Gerät als auch auf Ihrem Android-Smartphone aktivieren. Diese Berechtigungen können Sie jederzeit auf der Seite mit den „Smartphone-Link”-Einstellungen auf Ihrem Windows-Gerät und in den Einstellungen für Ihr Android-Smartphone widerrufen. Auf Ihrem Windows-Gerät werden unter „Anrufprotokolle“ nur die innerhalb der letzten 30 Tage angenommenen Anrufe bzw. gewählten Nummern angezeigt. Diese Anrufdetails werden vorübergehend auf Ihrem Windows-Gerät gespeichert. Der Anrufverlauf auf Ihrem Android-Smartphone wird weder geändert noch gelöscht.
Anrufe: iPhones.
Mit „Smartphone-Link” können Sie Anrufe von Ihrem iPhone auf Ihrem Windows-Gerät tätigen und annehmen. Über „Smartphone-Link“ können Sie Ihre letzten Anrufe auch auf Ihrem Windows-Gerät anzeigen. Um dieses Feature zu aktivieren, müssen Sie das Feature "Kontakte synchronisieren" unter den Bluetooth-Einstellungen auf Ihrem iPhone aktivieren. Diese Anrufdetails werden vorübergehend auf Ihrem Windows-Gerät gespeichert. Wir ändern oder löschen Ihren Anrufverlauf auf Ihrem iPhone nicht.
Fotos: Android-Geräte.
Mit Smartphone-Link können Sie Fotos von Ihrem Android-Telefon auf Ihr Windows-Gerät kopieren, freigeben, bearbeiten, speichern oder löschen. Auf Ihrem Windows-Gerät wird jeweils nur eine begrenzte Anzahl der neuesten Fotos aus den Ordnern „Eigene Aufnahmen” und „Screenshots” Ihres Android-Handys angezeigt. Diese Fotos werden nur vorübergehend auf Ihrem Windows-Gerät gespeichert. Wenn Sie weitere Fotos auf Ihrem Android-Handy aufnehmen, entfernen wir die temporären Kopien der älteren Fotos von Ihrem Windows-Gerät. Wir speichern Ihre Fotos niemals auf unseren Servern und ändern oder löschen keine Fotos auf Ihrem Android-Handy.
Benachrichtigungen: Android-Geräte.
Mit „Smartphone-Link” können Sie Benachrichtigungen Ihres Android-Handys auf Ihrem Windows-Gerät anzeigen. Über „Smartphone-Link” können Sie die Benachrichtigungen Ihres Android-Handys auf Ihrem Windows-Gerät lesen und schließen oder andere Aktionen im Zusammenhang mit den Benachrichtigungen ausführen. Um dieses „Smartphone-Link”-Feature zu aktivieren, müssen Sie bestimmte Berechtigungen, z. B. für Synchronisierungsbenachrichtigungen, sowohl auf Ihrem Windows-Gerät als auch auf Ihrem Android-Handy aktivieren. Diese Berechtigungen können Sie jederzeit auf der Seite mit den „Smartphone-Link”-Einstellungen auf Ihrem Windows-Gerät und in den Einstellungen für Ihr Android-Smartphone widerrufen. Ausführliche Informationen finden Sie auf
unserer Supportseite
.
Benachrichtigungen: iPhones.
Mit „Smartphone-Link” können Sie Benachrichtigungen Ihres iPhones auf Ihrem Windows-Gerät anzeigen. Über „Smartphone-Link” können Sie die Benachrichtigungen Ihres iPhones auf Ihrem Windows-Gerät lesen und schließen oder andere Aktionen im Zusammenhang mit den Benachrichtigungen ausführen. Um dieses „Smartphone-Link”-Feature zu aktivieren, müssen Sie bestimmte Berechtigungen, z. B. für Synchronisierungsbenachrichtigungen, sowohl auf Ihrem Windows-Gerät als auch auf Ihrem iPhone aktivieren. Diese Berechtigungen können Sie jederzeit auf der Seite mit den „Smartphone-Link”-Einstellungen auf Ihrem Windows-Gerät und in den Bluetooth-Einstellungen Ihres iPhones widerrufen.
Telefonbildschirmspiegelung für Android-Geräte.
Auf unterstützten Geräten
, können Sie mit Smartphone-Link den Bildschirm Ihres Android-Smartphones auf Ihrem Windows-Gerät anzeigen. Der Bildschirm Ihres Android-Handys wird auf Ihrem Windows-Gerät als Pixelstream angezeigt. Jede Audiodatei, die Sie auf dem Bildschirm Ihres Android-Handys aktivieren, während es über „Smartphone-Link” mit Ihrem Windows-Gerät verbunden ist, wird über Ihr Android-Handy abgespielt.
App-Spiegelung: Android-Geräte
Auf unterstützten Geräten können Sie mit Smartphone-Link Ihre Android-Apps, die auf Ihrem Android-Telefon installiert sind, auf Ihrem Windows-Gerät verwenden. Sie können zum Beispiel eine Musik-App in Ihrer Windows-Sitzung starten und den Ton dieser App über die PC-Lautsprecher hören. Microsoft sammelt eine Liste Ihrer installierten Android-Apps und der letzten Aktivitäten, um den Dienst bereitzustellen und Ihnen Ihre zuletzt verwendeten Apps anzuzeigen. Microsoft speichert weder die von Ihnen installierten Anwendungen noch die von der Anwendung angezeigten Informationen über Ihre Erfahrungen mit der Anwendung.
Übertragung von Inhalten: Android-Geräte.
Auf unterstützten Geräten können Sie mit Phone Link Inhalte wie Dateien, Dokumente, Fotos usw. zwischen Ihrem Android-Telefon und Ihrem Windows-Gerät kopieren und einfügen.n. Sie können Inhalte von Ihrem Android-Smartphone auf Ihr Windows-Gerät und von Ihrem Windows-Gerät auf Ihr Android-Smartphone übertragen, indem Sie Inhalte per Drag & Drop zwischen den Geräten ablegen.
Schnell-Hotspot: Android-Geräte.
Auf unterstützten Geräten ermöglicht Link zu Windows den Austausch von mobilen Hotspotinformationen mit dem gekoppelten PC über sichere Bluetooth-Kommunikation. Ihr PC kann dann über das Windows-Netzwerk-Flyout mit dem Internet verbunden werden. Beachten Sie, dass je nach Ihrem mobilen Datentarif Gebühren für mobile Daten anfallen können.
Kontaktsynchronisierung: Android-Geräte.
Link zu Windows können Sie Ihre Android-Kontakte mit der Microsoft-Cloud synchronisieren, um in anderen Microsoft-Produkten und -Diensten darauf zuzugreifen. Sie können dieses Feature aktivieren, indem Sie zu Link zu Windows-Einstellungen wechseln und Feature "Kontakte synchronisieren" aktivieren. Ihre Kontaktinformationen werden online gespeichert und Ihrem Microsoft-Konto zugeordnet. Sie können die Synchronisierung jederzeit deaktivieren und diese Kontakte löschen.
Mehr dazu
.
Kontaktsynchronisierung: iPhone.
Mit Smartphone-Link können Sie Ihre Kontakte mit Ihrem iPhone synchronisieren, um sie für Nachrichten und Anrufe zu nutzen. Sie können dieses Feature aktivieren, indem Sie auf Ihrem iPhone in die Bluetooth-Einstellungen wechseln und „Kontakte synchronisieren“ unter Ihrem PC-Namen umschalten, nachdem Sie Ihr iPhone mit dem Smartphone-Link verbunden haben. Sie können die Synchronisierung jederzeit deaktivieren, indem Sie „Kontakte synchronisieren“ ausschalten.
Text vorlesen.
Smartphone-Link” kann Text vorlesen (Bedienungshilfe). Das Text-zu-Sprache-Feature ermöglicht die Umwandlung einer SMS-Nachricht oder Benachrichtigung in einen Audiostream. Wenn Sie diese Funktion aktivieren, werden Ihre SMS-Nachrichten und Benachrichtigungen beim Empfang laut vorgelesen.
Office für Unternehmen: Android-Geräte.
Link zu Windows können Sie Fotos direkt von Ihrem Mobiltelefon aus in Web- und Desktopversionen ausgewählter Microsoft 365 Apps wie PowerPoint, Excel und Word einfügen. Dazu muss Ihr IT-Administrator die Option Verbundene Erfahrungen für Microsoft Office-Anwendungen aktiviert haben, und Sie müssen Ihr Mobilgerät mit Ihrem Azure Active Directory (AAD)-Konto verknüpfen und Ihrem Geschäfts- oder Schulkonto die Berechtigung für Fotos erteilen. Nach dem Onboarding dauert Ihre Sitzung 15 Minuten, damit Sie Ihre Fotos von Ihrem mobilen Gerät übertragen können. Um dieses Feature erneut verwenden zu können, müssen Sie Ihren QR-Code scannen. Link zu Windows erfasst keine Geschäfts- oder Schulkontoinformationen oder Informationen zu Ihrem Unternehmen. Um diesen Dienst anbieten zu können, nutzt Microsoft einen Cloud-Dienst, um Ihre Dateien weiterzuleiten, damit die Fotos in die Web- und Desktop-Versionen ausgewählter Microsoft 365-Anwendungen wie PowerPoint-, Excel- und Word-Dateien eingefügt werden können.
Zurück zum Anfang
Geräteübergreifende Erfahrungen
Geräteübergreifende Erfahrungen in Windows ermöglichen Ihnen den Zugriff auf Ihr Mobilgerät von Ihrem PC aus mit Ihrem Microsoft-Konto. Diese können unter „Mobile Geräte“ im Abschnitt Bluetooth & Geräte in den Einstellungen Ihres Windows-PCs verwaltet werden. Im Rahmen der Bereitstellung dieser Features sammelt Microsoft Leistungsnutzungs- und Gerätedaten, einschließlich Informationen zu den Hardwarefunktionen Ihrer mobilen und Windows-Geräte. Sie können diese Funktion jederzeit in Ihren Windows-PC-Einstellungen aktivieren oder deaktivieren.
Verwenden Sie Ihr mobiles Gerät als verbundene Kamera.
Mit diesem Feature können Sie die Kamera Ihres mobilen Geräts in Apps oder Produkten unter Windows verwenden, die Kamerafunktionen unterstützen. Sie können diese Funktion unter „Mobile Geräte“ im Abschnitt Bluetooth & Geräte in den Einstellungen auf Ihrem PC aktivieren. Microsoft zeichnet ihre Kamerasitzungen oder die von Ihrer Kamera angezeigten Informationen in keiner der Anwendungen oder Produkte auf oder speichert sie nicht.
Neue Fotobenachrichtigungen von Ihrem mobilen Gerät abrufen.
Mit diesem Feature können Sie Benachrichtigungen von Ihrem verknüpften mobilen Gerät auf Ihrem Windows-PC empfangen. Diese Fotos werden vorübergehend auf Ihrem Windows-PC gespeichert, während Sie diese Fotos bearbeiten oder öffnen. Sie müssen das Speichern auf Ihrem PC initiieren, um diese Fotos zu speichern, bis Sie sie löschen möchten. Wir speichern Ihre Fotos niemals auf unseren Servern oder ändern oder löschen Fotos auf Ihrem mobilen Gerät.
Zeigen Sie Ihr mobiles Gerät im Datei-Explorer
. Mit dieser Funktion können Sie im Datei-Explorer auf die Dateien Ihres mobilen Geräts zugreifen. Sie können diese Funktion unter „Mobile Geräte“ im Abschnitt Bluetooth & Geräte in den Einstellungen auf Ihrem PC aktivieren. Microsoft speichert Ihre Dateiinhalte nicht in seinen Diensten.
Zurück zum Anfang
Schutz- und Sicherheitsfunktionen
Geräteverschlüsselung
. Die Geräteverschlüsselung hilft dabei, die auf dem Gerät gespeicherten Daten durch eine Verschlüsselung mittels BitLocker-Laufwerkverschlüsselungstechnologie zu schützen. Wenn die Geräteverschlüsselung aktiviert ist, verschlüsselt Windows das Laufwerk auf dem Windows installiert ist automatisch und erstellt einen Wiederherstellungsschlüssel. Der BitLocker-Wiederherstellungsschlüssel für Ihr persönliches Gerät wird automatisch in Ihrem persönlichen Microsoft OneDrive-Konto online gesichert. Microsoft verwendet Ihre individuellen Wiederherstellungsschlüssel zu keinen anderen Zwecken.
Tool zum Entfernen bösartiger Software
. Das Tool zum Entfernen bösartiger Software (MSRT) wird als Bestandteil von Windows Update mindestens einmal im Monat auf Ihrem Gerät ausgeführt. MSRT überprüft Geräte auf Infektionen durch bestimmte, weitverbreitete Schadsoftware ("Malware") und hilft, alle gefundenen Infektionen zu entfernen. Bei der Ausführung von MSRT wird die auf der Website für Microsoft-Support gelistete Malware entfernt, sollte sie sich auf Ihrem Gerät befinden. Während einer Malware-Überprüfung wird ein Bericht mit spezifischen Daten über die erkannte Malware, die Fehler und andere Daten über Ihr Gerät an Microsoft gesendet. Wenn Sie nicht möchten, dass MSRT diese Daten an Microsoft sendet, können Sie die Berichtskomponente des MSRT deaktivieren.
Microsoft Family
. Eltern können Microsoft Family Safety verwenden, um den Gebrauch des Geräts durch ihr Kind einzuschränken. Lesen Sie die Informationen unter
Microsoft Family Safety
sorgfältig durch, wenn Sie eine Familiengruppe erstellen oder einer Familiengruppe beitreten möchten. Wenn Sie in einer Region leben, in der die Erstellung eines Kontos für den Zugriff auf Microsoft-Dienste erlaubt ist, werden Sie möglicherweise aufgefordert, die Zustimmung Ihrer Eltern einzuholen oder zu erteilen. Wenn ein Nutzer unter dem gesetzlichen Mindestalter in Ihrer Region ist, wird er während des Registrierungsprozesses aufgefordert, die Zustimmung eines Elternteils oder Erziehungsberechtigten einzuholen, indem er die E-Mail-Adresse eines Erwachsenen eingibt. Wenn die Berichterstattung über die Aktivität der Familie für ein Kind aktiviert wurde, wird Microsoft Einzelheiten dazu erheben, wie das Kind das Gerät verwendet und den Eltern Berichte über die Aktivitäten dieser Verwendung bereitstellen. Die Tätigkeitsberichte werden routinemäßig von den Microsoft-Servern gelöscht.
Microsoft Defender SmartScreen und Smart App Control
. Microsoft ist bestrebt, Ihr Gerät und Ihre Kennwörter vor unsicheren Apps, Dateien und Webinhalten zu schützen.
Microsoft Defender SmartScreen trägt dazu bei, Sie bei der Nutzung unserer Dienste zu schützen, indem es Bedrohungen für Sie, Ihr Gerät und Ihre Kennwörter identifiziert. Zu diesen Bedrohungen können potenziell unsichere Apps oder Webinhalte gehören, die Microsoft Defender SmartScreen beim Überprüfen von besuchten Websites, heruntergeladenen Dateien und von Ihnen installierten und ausgeführten Apps erkennt. Während Microsoft Defender SmartScreen die Web- und Appinhalte überprüft, werden die Daten über den Inhalt und Ihr Gerät, einschließlich der vollständigen Webadresse des Inhalts, an Microsoft gesendet. Wenn zusätzliche Analysen erforderlich sind, um Sicherheitsbedrohungen zu identifizieren, können Informationen über die verdächtige Website oder App (z. B. angezeigte Inhalte, wiedergegebene Sounds und Anwendungsspeicher) an Microsoft gesendet werden. Diese Daten werden nur zu Sicherheitszwecken verwendet, um Sicherheitsvorfälle, Identitätsdiebstahl, Betrug oder andere böswillige, trügerische oder unzulässige Aktivitäten zu erkennen, vor ihnen zu schützen und auf diese zu reagieren. Sobald Microsoft Defender SmartScreen feststellt, dass der Inhalt möglicherweise nicht sicher ist, wird eine Warnung anstelle des Inhalts angezeigt. Microsoft Defender SmartScreen kann in der Windows-Sicherheit-App ein- oder ausgeschaltet werden.
Sofern unterstützt, hilft Smart App Control bei der Überprüfung von Software, die auf Ihrem Gerät installiert und ausgeführt wird, um festzustellen, ob sie schädlich ist, oder potenziell unerwünschte oder andere Bedrohungen für Sie und Ihr Gerät darstellt. Auf einem unterstützten Gerät wird Smart App Control im Auswertungsmodus gestartet, und die Daten, die wir für Microsoft Defender SmartScreen sammeln, z. B. den Dateinamen, Hash des Dateiinhalts, Downloadspeicherort und digitale Zertifikate der Datei, werden verwendet, um zu bestimmen, ob Ihr Gerät für die Verwendung von Smart App Control für zusätzlichen Sicherheitsschutz eignet. Smart App Control ist nicht aktiviert und wird während des Auswertungsmodus nicht blockieren. Einige Geräte eignen sich möglicherweise nicht, wenn Smart App Control die ansonsten beabsichtigten und legitimen Aufgaben eines Benutzers beeinträchtigt – z. B. Entwickler, die viele nicht signierte Dateien verwenden. Wenn Smart App Control für Sie gut geeignet ist, wird es automatisch aktiviert und bietet zusätzlichen Schutz für Ihr Gerät, der über Microsoft Defender SmartScreen hinausgeht. Andernfalls ist smart App Control nicht verfügbar und wird dauerhaft deaktiviert. Wenn Ihr Gerät nicht unterstützt wird oder sich nicht für Smart App Control eignet, tragen Microsoft Defender SmartScreen weiterhin zum Schutz Ihres Geräts bei. Wenn Smart App Control aktiviert ist und eine App als schädlich, potenziell unerwünscht, unbekannt und unsigniert identifiziert wird, wird Smart App Control vor dem Öffnen, Ausführen oder Installieren die App blockieren und Sie benachrichtig.
Weitere Informationen zu Smart App Control
.
Wenn Microsoft Defender SmartScreen oder Smart App Control eine Datei überprüft, werden Daten zu dieser Datei an Microsoft gesendet, einschließlich des Dateinamens, des Download-Speicherorts, eines Teils der Inhalte der Datei und der digitalen Zertifikate dieser Datei.
Smart App Control kann in der Windows-Sicherheit-App ein- oder ausgeschaltet werden.
Microsoft Defender Antivirus
. Microsoft Defender Antivirus sucht nach Schadsoftware und nach weiterer unerwünschter Software, nach potenziell unerwünschten Apps und nach anderen schädlichen Inhalten auf Ihrem Gerät. Microsoft Defender Antivirus wird zum Schutz Ihres Gerätes automatisch aktiviert, sollte keine andere Antischadsoftware für den Schutz Ihres Gerätes aktiviert sein. Wenn Microsoft Defender Antivirus aktiviert ist, wird der Sicherheitsstatus Ihres Geräts überwacht. Sobald Microsoft Defender Antivirus aktiviert ist oder durch die Funktion „Limitiertes regelmäßiges Scannen” ausgeführt wird, werden automatisch Berichte an Microsoft gesendet, die Daten über vermutete Schadsoftware und andere unerwünschte Software, potenziell unerwünschte Apps und andere schädliche Inhalte enthalten. Es werden auch Dateien zur weiteren Untersuchung gesendet, die Schadsoftware oder unbekannte Dateien enthalten. Wenn ein Bericht mit hinreichender Wahrscheinlichkeit personenbezogene Daten enthält, dann wird dieser nicht automatisch gesendet. Ein entsprechender Hinweis wird vor dem Versenden angezeigt. Sie können Microsoft Defender Antivirus so konfigurieren, dass keinerlei Berichte und vermutete Schadsoftware an Microsoft gesendet werden.
Zurück zum Anfang
Sprache, Spracherkennung, Freihand und Tastatureingabe
Sprache
. Microsoft bietet sowohl eine gerätebasierte Spracherkennungsfunktion an als auch cloudbasierte (Online-) Spracherkennungstechnologien.
Wenn Sie die Einstellung Online-Spracherkennung aktivieren, können Anwendungen die Cloud-basierte Spracherkennung von Microsoft nutzen. Darüber hinaus ermöglicht ihnen die Online-Spracherkennungseinstellung in Windows 10 die Verwendung der Diktatfunktion in Windows.
Wenn Sie beim Einrichten eines HoloLens-Geräts die Sprache aktivieren oder Windows Mixed Reality installieren, können Sie Ihre Stimme für Befehle, Diktate und App-Interaktionen verwenden. Sowohl die gerätebasierte Spracherkennung als auch die Online-Spracherkennungseinstellung werden aktiviert. Wenn beide Einstellungen aktiviert sind und das Headset eingeschaltet ist, hört das Gerät jederzeit auf Ihre Spracheingabe und sendet Ihre Sprachdaten an die cloudbasierten Spracherkennungstechnologien von Microsoft.
Wenn Sie cloudbasierte Spracherkennungstechnologien von Microsoft verwenden, unabhängig davon, ob sie durch die Online-Spracherkennungseinstellung aktiviert sind oder wenn Sie mit HoloLens oder Spracheingabe interagieren, erfasst und verwendet Microsoft Ihre Sprachaufzeichnungen, um den Spracherkennungsdienst bereitzustellen, indem eine Texttranskription der gesprochenen Wörter in den Sprachdaten erstellt wird. Microsoft wird Ihre Sprachaufzeichnungen nicht ohne Ihre Zustimmung speichern, proben oder sie anhören. Weitere Informationen dazu, wie Microsoft Ihre Sprachdaten verwaltet, finden Sie unter
Spracherkennungstechnologien
.
Sie können die gerätebasierte Spracherkennung verwenden, ohne Ihre Sprachdaten an Microsoft zu senden. Die cloudbasierten Spracherkennungstechnologien von Microsoft bieten jedoch eine genauere Erkennung als die gerätebasierte Spracherkennung. Wenn die Einstellung für die Online-Spracherkennung deaktiviert ist, funktionieren Sprachdienste, die nicht auf die Cloud angewiesen sind und nur die gerätebasierte Erkennung nutzen, wie Live-Untertitel, Sprachausgabe oder Sprachzugriff, weiterhin, und Microsoft erfasst keine Sprachdaten.
Sie können die Online-Spracherkennung jederzeit deaktivieren. Dadurch wird verhindert, dass Apps, die sich auf die Online-Spracherkennungseinstellung verlassen, Ihre Sprachdaten an Microsoft senden. Wenn Sie ein HoloLens- oder Windows Mixed Reality-Headset verwenden, können Sie die gerätebasierte Spracherkennung auch jederzeit deaktivieren. Dadurch wird verhindert, dass das Gerät auf Ihre Spracheingabe hört.
Weitere Informationen über die Spracherkennung in Windows
.
Sprachaktivierung
. Windows bietet unterstützte Apps mit der Möglichkeit, basierend auf Sprachschlüsselwörter, die für diese App spezifisch sind, zu reagieren und Maßnahmen zu ergreifen.
Wenn Sie einer Anwendung die Erlaubnis erteilt haben, nach Sprachschlüsselwörtern zu suchen, hört Windows aktiv das Mikrofon nach diesen Schlüsselwörtern ab. Sobald ein Schlüsselwort erkannt wird, hat die App Zugriff auf Ihre Sprachaufzeichnung, kann die Aufzeichnung verarbeiten, Maßnahmen ergreifen und antworten, beispielsweise mit einer gesprochenen Antwort. Die App sendet die Sprachaufzeichnung möglicherweise an ihre eigenen Dienste in der Cloud, um die Befehle zu verarbeiten. Jede App sollte Sie um Erlaubnis bitten, bevor Sie auf Sprachaufzeichnungen zugreift.
Die Sprachaktivierung kann aktiviert bleiben, wenn das Gerät gesperrt ist. Wenn diese Option aktiviert ist, hört die betreffende App das Mikrofon auch dann weiterhin auf Sprachschlüsselwörter ab, wenn Sie Ihr Gerät gesperrt haben, und kann auf alle Personen reagieren, die in der Nähe des Geräts sprechen. Wenn das Gerät gesperrt ist, hat die App Zugriff auf dieselben Funktionen und Informationen wie bei einem entsperrten Gerät.
Sie können die Spracherkennung jederzeit deaktivieren.
Weitere Informationen über den Stimmaktivierungsmodus in Windows
.
Selbst wenn Sie die Spracherkennung deaktiviert haben, können einige Desktop-Apps und -Dienste von Drittanbietern trotzdem auf das Mikrofon zugreifen und Ihre Spracheingabe speichern.
Erfahren Sie mehr über Drittanbieter-Desktop-Apps und wie sie möglicherweise weiterhin auf das Mikrofon zugreifen, selbst wenn diese Einstellungen deaktiviert sind
.
Spracheingabe
. In Windows 11 wurde die Diktatfunktion aktualisiert und als Spracheingabe umbenannt. Die Spracheingabe kann möglicherweise sowohl gerätebasierte als auch Online-Spracherkennungstechnologien, um den Dienst für die Sprachtranskription zu nutzen. Sie können auch Sprachclips beisteuern, um die Spracheingabe zu verbessern. Wenn Sie keine Sprachclips beitragen möchten, können Sie weiterhin die Spracheingabe verwenden. Sie können Ihre Auswahl jederzeit in den Einstellungen für die Spracheingabe ändern. Microsoft wird Ihre Sprachaufzeichnungen nicht ohne Ihre Zustimmung speichern, proben oder sie anhören.
Weitere Informationen über Microsoft und Ihre Sprachdaten
.
Sprachzugriff
. Windows ermöglicht es allen Personen, einschließlich Personen mit Mobilitätsbeeinträchtigungen, ihren PC zu steuern und Texte mithilfe ihrer Stimme zu erstellen. Der Sprachzugriff unterstützt beispielsweise Szenarien wie das Öffnen und Wechseln zwischen Apps, das Surfen im Web sowie das Lesen und Erstellen von E-Mails. Der Sprachzugriff nutzt die moderne Spracherkennung auf dem Gerät, um Sprache genau zu erkennen, und wird ohne Internetverbindung unterstützt. Wenn ein Benutzer den Sprachzugriff aufruft, wird das Gerätemikrofon verwendet.
Weitere Informationen zum Sprachzugriff
.
Freihand- & Eingabepersonalisierungen
. Ihre getippten und handgeschriebenen Worte werden erfasst, um Ihnen eine benutzerdefinierte Wortliste, eine bessere Zeichenerkennung für einfacheres Tippen und Schreiben auf Ihrem Gerät und Textvorschläge während des Tippens oder Schreibens bereitzustellen.
Sie können die Personalisierung von Freihand- & Tastatureingaben jederzeit deaktivieren. Dadurch wird die auf Ihrem Gerät gespeicherte Kundenwortliste gelöscht. Wenn Sie sie wieder aktivieren, müssen Sie Ihre benutzerdefinierte Wortliste neu erstellen.
Weitere Informationen zur Freihand- & Eingabepersonalisierung in Windows
.
Zurück zum Anfang
Einstellungen für Synchronisierung und Sicherung
Wenn Sie sich mit Ihrem Microsoft-Konto bei Windows anmelden, kann Windows Ihre Einstellungen, Dateien und Gerätekonfigurationsdaten auf Microsoft-Servern speichern. Windows verwendet nur die gespeicherten Einstellungen, Dateien und Gerätekonfigurationsdaten, um Ihnen die Migration Ihrer Umgebung auf einem anderen Gerät zu erleichtern.
Sie können dieses Feature deaktivieren und verhindern, dass Windows Ihre Einstellungen, Dateien und Konfigurationsdaten aus den Windows-Einstellungen speichert. Sie können die Daten, die zuvor in Ihrem Microsoft-Konto gesichert wurden, löschen, indem Sie
Ihre Microsoft-Konto-Geräte-Seite
besuchen.
Weitere Informationen zu Windows-Sicherungs- und Synchronisierungseinstellungen
.
Zurück zum Anfang
Update-Dienste
Der Aktualisierungsdienst für Windows enthält Windows Update und Microsoft Update. Windows Update ist ein Dienst, der Sie mit Software-Aktualisierungen für die Windows-Software und andere unterstützende Software wie z. B. gelieferte Treiber und Firmware vom Gerätehersteller versorgt. Microsoft Update ist ein Dienst, der Sie mit Softwareupdates für andere Microsoft-Software wie beispielsweise Microsoft 365 versorgt.
Windows Update lädt Windows-Software-Aktualisierungen automatisch auf Ihr Gerät herunter. Sie können Windows Update so konfigurieren, dass diese Aktualisierungen automatisch installiert werden, sobald diese verfügbar sind (empfohlen) oder Sie durch Windows benachrichtigt werden, wenn ein Neustart erforderlich ist, um die Installation der Aktualisierungen abzuschließen. Apps, die über den Microsoft Store verfügbar sind, werden automatisch über den Microsoft Store aktualisiert, wie im
Microsoft Store
-Abschnitt dieser Datenschutzerklärung beschrieben.
Zurück zum Anfang
Webbrowser – Microsoft Edge Vorgängerversion und Internet Explorer
Dieser Abschnitt bezieht sich auf Vorgänger-Versionen von Microsoft Edge (Versionen 44 und darunter). Informationen zu Nicht-Legacy-Versionen von Microsoft Edge finden Sie im Abschnitt
Microsoft Edge
der Datenschutzbestimmungen.
Microsoft Edge ist der Standard-Webbrowser für Windows. Internet Explorer, der Vorgängerbrowser von Microsoft, steht in Windows ebenfalls zur Verfügung. Immer wenn Sie einen Webbrowser verwenden, um auf das Internet zuzugreifen, werden Daten über Ihr Gerät ("Standardgerätedaten") an die von Ihnen besuchten Websites und Onlinedienste gesendet. Standardgerätedaten umfassen die IP-Adresse Ihres Geräts, den Typ Ihres Browsers sowie die festgelegte Sprache, die Zugriffszeit und die aufgerufenen Websiteadressen. Diese Daten werden möglicherweise auf den Webservern dieser Websites protokolliert. Welche Daten erfasst und wie diese Daten verwendet werden, hängt von den Datenschutzpraktiken der von Ihnen besuchten Websites bzw. den von Ihnen verwendeten Webdiensten ab. Darüber hinaus sendet Microsoft Edge eine eindeutige Browser-ID an bestimmte Websites, damit wir aggregierte Daten entwickeln können, die verwendet verwenden, um die Browserfeatures und -dienste zu verbessern.
Zusätzlich werden auf Ihrem Gerät Daten zur Nutzung Ihres Browsers gespeichert, z. B. Browserverlauf, Webformulardaten, temporäre Internetdateien und Cookies. Sie können diese Daten von Ihrem Gerät entfernen, indem Sie den Browserverlauf löschen.
Microsoft Edge ermöglicht Ihnen das Erfassen und Speichern von Inhalten auf Ihrem Gerät, wie zum Beispiel:
Webseitennotiz
. Ermöglicht Freihand- und Textanmerkungen auf den von Ihnen besuchten Webseiten, die Sie zudem ausschneiden, speichern und teilen können.
Aktive Lesevorgänge
. Dient zur Zusammenfassung und Verwaltung von Websites oder Dokumenten in einer Leseliste
Hub
. Dient zur einfachen Verwaltung von Leselisten, Favoriten, Downloads und Verlauf in einem einzigen Bereich.
Website an Taskleiste anheften
. Hiermit können Sie Ihre bevorzugten Websites an die Windows-Taskleiste anheften. Websites können erkennen, welche ihrer Webseiten Sie angeheftet haben, und Ihnen so ein Infobadge bereitstellen, um Sie darüber zu informieren, dass Neuheiten vorhanden sind, die Sie sich auf der jeweiligen Website ansehen sollten.
Einige auf Ihrem Gerät gespeicherte Microsoft-Browserinformationen werden auf anderen Geräten synchronisiert, wenn Sie sich mit Ihrem Microsoft-Konto anmelden, sodass Sie auf allen Ihren angemeldeten Browsern auf allen Ihren Geräten auf Ihre Daten zugreifen können. Zu diesen Informationen gehören im Internet Explorer z. B. Browserverlauf und Favoriten und in Microsoft Edge Favoriten, Leselisten und Eingaben in automatisch ausgefüllten Formularen, beispielsweise Name, Anschrift und Telefonnummer und eventuell Daten für von Ihnen installierte Erweiterungen. Wenn Sie in Microsoft Edge beispielsweise Ihre Leseliste auf verschiedenen Geräten synchronisieren, werden Kopien der Inhalte, die Sie für eine Speicherung in Ihre Leseliste auswählen, an jedes synchronisierte Gerät gesendet, um sie später betrachten zu können. Sie können die Synchronisierung in Internet Explorer deaktivieren, indem Sie zu
Start
>
Einstellungen
>
Konten
>
Einstellungen synchronisieren
wechseln. (Weitere Informationen finden Sie im Abschnitt
Synchronisierungs
dieser Datenschutzerklärung.) Sie können die Synchronisierung von Microsoft Edge-Browserinformationen auch deaktivieren, indem Sie die Synchronisierungsoption in den Microsoft Edge-Einstellungen deaktivieren.
Sowohl Microsoft Edge als auch Internet Explorer verwenden Ihre Suchanfragen und Ihren Browser-Verlauf, um Ihnen einen schnelleren Seitenaufbau und mehr relevante Treffer zu liefern. Diese Features umfassen:
Suchvorschläge
in Internet Explorer senden die Informationen, die Sie in die Adressleiste des Browsers eingeben, automatisch an Ihren Standardsuchanbieter (z. B. Bing), um Ihnen bei der Eingabe jedes Zeichens Suchvorschläge zu machen.
Such- und Website-Vorschläge
in Microsoft Edge senden die Informationen, die Sie in die Adressleiste des Browsers eingeben, automatisch an Bing (auch wenn Sie einen anderen Standard-Suchanbieter ausgewählt haben), um bei der Eingabe jedes Zeichens Suchempfehlungen anzubieten.
Sie können diese Features jederzeit deaktivieren. Um Suchergebnisse bereitzustellen, senden Microsoft Edge und Internet Explorer Ihre Suchabfragen, Standardgeräteinformationen und den Standort (sofern der Standort aktiviert ist) an Ihren Standardsuchanbieter, wenn die App verwendet wird. Wenn Bing Ihr Standardsuchanbieter ist, nutzen wir diese Daten, wie im Abschnitt
Bing
dieser Datenschutzbestimmungen beschrieben.
Zurück zum Anfang
Windows KI-Features
Aktion per Mausklick
Aktion per Mausklick kann in Partnerschaft mit Recall oder als eigenständiges Feature ausgeführt werden. Nach dem Start können Sie mit Aktion per Mausklick Screenshots aufnehmen und analysieren sowie das Vorhandensein von Text und Bildern erkennen und dann für jedes davon die entsprechenden Aktionen ausführen. Aktion per Mausklick bietet Ihnen beispielsweise Optionen zum Bearbeiten eines Screenshotbilds oder zum Überarbeiten oder Umarbeiten des erfassten Texts. Aktion per Mausklick kann den Inhalt des Texts oder der Bilder, die in einem Screenshot identifiziert werden, nicht erkennen,  aber  Sie können  lokale KI und  andere Tools verwenden, um den Inhalt zu ändern, wenn Sie möchten. Alles verbleibt auf Ihrem lokalen Gerät, sofern Sie keine explizite Auswahl treffen, z. B. ein Bild für eine Suche an Bing senden, Aktion per Mausklick bitten, eine Zusammenfassung des vom Benutzer ausgewählten Textes bereitzustellen (in diesem Fall wird diese an den Azure AI-Clouddienst von Microsoft gesendet) oder eine andere lokale KI oder ein anderes Tool verwenden, um einen Screenshot der Aktion per Mausklick zu ändern.
Aktion per Mausklick ermöglicht es Ihnen auch,   Ihr Mikrofon zu verwenden , um in einem Screenshot nach Text zu suchen. Wenn  Sie auf die Mikrofonschaltfläche klicken, beginnt die Aktion per Mausklick zuzuhören, was gesagt wird, was in das Suchfeld eingegeben wird, und  hebt alle Übereinstimmungen aus der Suche hervor. Die vom Mikrofon erfassten Audiodaten werden nicht von   Ihrem Gerät übertragen.
Windows Recall
Recall ist eine Windows-Funktion, die nur auf Copilot+ PCs verfügbar ist und es Benutzern ermöglicht, Dinge, die sie auf ihren Geräten gesehen haben, anhand von Text- und visuellen Hinweisen wiederzufinden, an die sie sich erinnern. Um Recall zu verwenden, muss ein Benutzer der Speicherung von Momentaufnahmen auf seinem Copilot+ PC zustimmen. Dabei handelt es sich um Bilder von allem, was auf dem Bildschirm des Benutzers geöffnet und sichtbar ist, und die zugehörigen Metadaten wie den App-Namen und den Zeit-/Datumsstempel enthalten. Alle Daten werden lokal auf dem Gerät gespeichert und mit Windows Hello Enhanced Sign-in Security (ESS) geschützt, das sicherere biometrische Anmeldungen bietet und dazu beiträgt, dass nur der Kunde auf seine Informationen zugreifen kann. Jedes Mal, wenn ein Benutzer Recall startet, wird er aufgefordert, sich mit der biometrischen Anmeldung oder PIN von Windows Hello zu authentifizieren, bevor der Inhalt des Momentaufnahmeordners entschlüsselt wird. Aktion per Mausklick wird über den Momentaufnahmen in Recall ausgeführt und hilft dem Benutzer, Dinge schneller zu erledigen, indem es ihm ermöglicht, Aktionen mit seinen Inhalten (Bilder oder Text) auf dem Bildschirm auszuführen. Die Analyse von Momentaufnahmen wird immer lokal auf dem Gerät durchgeführt, und die verfügbaren Aktionen ändern sich je nach der Art des erkannten Inhalts.
Mit Recall können Sie das Mikrofon Ihres Copilot+ PC-Geräts auch verwenden, um in aufgenommenen Momentaufnahmen nach Text zu suchen. Wenn Sie auf die Mikrofonschaltfläche klicken, die sich im Such-Eingabefeld im Recall-Fenster befindet, wird das Gesagte abgehört und in das Suchfeld eingegeben. Das Mikrofon bleibt in Gebrauch, bis  Sie Ihre Sprache anhalten . An diesem Punkt wird es deaktiviert, bis  Sie die Mikrofontaste erneut explizit drücken. Alle Übereinstimmungen aus der Suche werden in den Ergebnissen hervorgehoben. Die vom Mikrofon erfassten Audiodaten werden nicht von   Ihrem Gerät übertragen.
Von Recall erfasste Daten, einschließlich personenbezogener Daten (z. B. Momentaufnahmen, Metadaten, Verarbeitungsergebnisse und Benutzerabfragen), bleiben lokal auf dem Gerät in Ihrem angemeldeten Konto auf dem  Copilot+ PC und werden nicht vom Gerät übertragen, es sei denn, Sie ergreifen bestimmte Maßnahmen. Zum Beispiel, wenn Sie eine Momentaufnahme kopieren und in eine andere App einfügen oder  beim Senden von Feedback über den Windows-Feedback-Hub eine Momentaufnahme einschließen . Die einzige Möglichkeit, Recall-Inhalte mit jemandem zu teilen, besteht in einer expliziten Aktion des Benutzers auf dem Gerät.
Sie können Ihre Inhalte (z. B. Momentaufnahmen, Metadaten, Suchabfragen und Verlauf) steuern, indem Sie Momentaufnahmen anhalten oder löschen, Inhalte filtern oder einen unterstützten Browser im Datenschutzmodus verwenden.
Hier
erfahren Sie mehr über Ihre Privatsphäre und Ihre Kontrolle über Ihre Recall-Erfahrung.
Zusätzlich zur Recall-Suchfunktion verfügt Recall auch über eine Zeitleiste, in der Ihre Momentaufnahmen chronologisch organisiert und in einer horizontalen Bildlaufleiste visualisiert werden, die Sie nutzen können, um Ihre vergangenen Aktivitäten auf Ihrem PC zu suchen und zu nutzen. Zusätzlich zu den in der Zeitachse verfügbaren Funktionen können Sie Momentaufnahmen aus dieser Ansicht löschen, entweder einzeln oder nach allen Momentaufnahmen, die eine Websitedomäne enthalten (z. B. alle von www.bing.com) oder solche aus einer bestimmten App.
Recall verfügt außerdem über einen standardmäßig aktivierten Filter für vertrauliche Inhalte, um die Speicherung möglicherweise vertraulicherer Informationen (z. B. Kreditkartennummern, staatlich ausgestellte Ausweisnummern usw.) zu verhindern. Benutzer können diesen Filter in den Windows-Einstellungen deaktivieren, wenn sie möchten.
Zurück zum Anfang
Windows-Apps
Eine Reihe von Microsoft-Apps sind in Windows enthalten und weitere sind im Microsoft Store erhältlich. Einige dieser Apps enthalten:
Karten-App
. Die Karten-App bietet positionsbezogene Dienste an und verwendet die Bing-Dienste, um Ihre Recherchen in der Karten-App zu verarbeiten. Wenn die Karten-App Zugriff auf Ihren Standort hat und Sie standortbasierte Dienste in Windows aktiviert haben, erfassen die Bing-Dienste, sobald Sie das Zeichen „@” zum Starten einer Suche in unterstützten Textfeldern in Windows-Apps eingeben, den eingegebenen Text nach dem Zeichen „@”, um standortbezogene Vorschläge zu unterbreiten. Weitere Informationen über diese Bing-basierten Funktionen finden Sie im Abschnitt
Bing
dieser Datenschutzbestimmungen. Wenn die Karten-App Zugriff auf Ihren Standort hat, kann Microsoft deidentifizierte Gerätepositionsdaten erfassen (selbst wenn die App nicht verwendet wird), die zur Verbesserung der Microsoft-Dienste beitragen. Sie können den Zugriff der Karten-App auf Ihren Standort deaktivieren, indem Sie den Positionsdienst oder den Zugriff der Karten-App auf den Positionsdienst deaktivieren.
Sie können Ihre bevorzugten Orte und die letzten Kartensuchen in der Karten-App verfolgen. Ihre Lieblingsorte und Ihr Suchverlauf werden als Suchvorschläge aufgenommen werden. Wenn Sie der Karten-App Zugriff auf Ihre Kamera gewähren, können Sie den Ort erfassen, an dem Ihre Fotos aufgenommen wurden – ein Foto Ihres Autos zeigt Ihnen zum Beispiel auch an, wo es geparkt ist. Sie können Ihren Standort auch für andere Personen in Ihren Kontakten freigeben. Wenn Sie mit Ihrem Microsoft-Konto angemeldet sind, werden Ihre Lieblingsorte, Ihr Suchverlauf und bestimmte App-Einstellungen mit anderen Geräten und Diensten synchronisiert. Weitere Informationen finden Sie im Abschnitt
Synchronisierungs- und Sicherungseinstellungen
dieser Datenschutzerklärung.
Kamera-App
. Falls Sie der Kamera-App erlauben, Ihre Position zu verwenden, dann werden die Positionsdaten in den mit Ihrem Gerät aufgenommenen Fotos und Videos eingebettet. Weitere beschreibende Daten wie z. B. Kameramodell und das Datum, an dem das Bild oder das Video aufgenommen wurde, sind ebenfalls in den Fotos und Videos eingebettet. Wenn Sie ein Foto oder Video teilen, werden alle eingebetteten Daten für die Personen und Dienste, mit denen Sie diese teilen, zugänglich. Nach der Aktivierung können Sie den Kamera-App-Zugriff auf Ihren Standort jederzeit deaktivieren, indem Sie den gesamten Zugriff auf den Positionsdienst im Einstellungsmenü Ihres Geräts oder den Kamera-App-Zugriff auf den Positionsdienst deaktivieren.
Wenn die Kamera-App geöffnet ist, zeigt sie von der ausgewählten Kamera erkannte Rechtecke für Bereiche im Bild an, die potenziell zur Bildverbesserung verwendet werden können. Die Kamera-App behält keine Bildverbesserungsdaten. Sie können die Kamerazugriffseinstellungen jederzeit im Einstellungsmenü der Kamera-App oder im Windows-Einstellungsmenü ändern. Die Kamera-App verwendet verschiedene Gerätefunktionen wie Position, Kamera, Mikrofon, Video und Bildbibliothek. Weitere Informationen finden Sie im
Microsoft Store
.
Fotos-App
. Die Fotos-App ist in zwei Versionen verfügbar. Die aktualisierte Fotos-App enthält Features wie die iCloud-Integration sowie lokale und Cloudordneransichten. Die Vorgängerversion der Fotos-App enthält Features wie den Video-Editor, die Registerkarte "Personen" und Alben. Sie verwenden die aktualisierte Fotos-App, wenn im Abschnitt "Info” in den Einstellungen der Fotos-App angegeben ist, dass es sich bei der App um die "aktualisierte” Fotos-App handelt. In einigen Fällen kann ein Benutzer sowohl die aktualisierte als auch die Vorgängerversion der Fotos-App auf sein Gerät heruntergeladen haben.
Mit der aktualisierten Fotos-App können Sie Ihre Fotos und Videos organisieren, anzeigen und freigeben. Die Fotos-App bietet beispielsweise verschiedene Möglichkeiten zum Gruppieren von Fotos und Videos nach Namen, Aufnahmedatum oder Änderungsdatum sowie in Ordnern, in denen diese Dateien gespeichert werden, z. B. lokal auf Ihrem Gerät gespeichert oder über OneDrive, iCloud oder andere Clouddienste mit Ihrem Gerät synchronisiert. Die App ermöglicht es Ihnen auch, Dateien an verschiedene Speicherorte auf Ihrem Computer oder auf OneDrive zu verschieben, zu kopieren oder hochzuladen. Auf der Registerkarte "Alle Fotos" werden Ihre lokal gespeicherten oder synchronisierten Fotos und Videos entsprechend dem Aufnahmedatum angezeigt. Auf der Registerkarte "Favoriten" können Sie Fotos und Videos anzeigen, die Ihnen zuvor gefallen haben oder als Favoriten markiert wurden. Auf der Registerkarte "Ordner" können Sie Fotos oder Videos nach ihrem Speicherort anzeigen. Es gibt auch Registerkarten, auf denen Sie Ihre Fotos und Videos aus verfügbaren Clouddiensten (z. B. OneDrive und anderen Drittanbieterdiensten) anzeigen können, die Sie mit Ihrem Gerät synchronisiert haben.
Mit der Vorgängerversion der Fotos-App können Sie ebenfalls Ihre Fotos und Videos organisieren, anzeigen und freigeben. Wenn Sie die Vorgängerversion verwenden, werden jedoch möglicherweise andere Features angezeigt, die in der neueren Version der Fotos-App nicht verfügbar sind, einschließlich Sammlungen, Alben, Video-Editor und der Einstellung "Personen". Die Registerkarte „Sammlung” zeigt die Fotos und Videos entsprechend dem Aufnahmedatum. Auf der Registerkarte „Alben” können Sie Ihre Fotos und Videos nach Standort und allgemeinen Tags organisieren. Mit dem Video-Editor können Sie Videos bearbeiten, erstellen und freigeben.
Die Einstellung "Personen" kann auf der Seite "Einstellungen" der Vorgängerversion der Fotos-App und auf der Registerkarte "Personen" der App aktiviert werden. Wenn diese Option aktiviert ist, verwendet die Vorgängerversion Gesichtsgruppierungstechnologien, um Ihre Fotos und Videos in Gruppen zu organisieren. Das Feature "Gruppieren" kann Gesichter in einem Foto oder Video erkennen und bestimmen, ob sie Gesichtern in anderen Fotos und Videos in Ihrer lokalen Fotosammlung visuell ähnlich sind. Sie können eine Gesichtsgruppierung mit einem Kontakt aus Ihrer Personen-App verbinden.
Wenn in der Vorgängerversion der Fotos-App aktiviert, bleiben Ihre Gruppierungen so lange auf Ihrem Gerät gespeichert, wie Sie die Gruppierungen, Fotos oder Videos behalten möchten. Wenn die Einstellung "Personen" aktiviert ist, werden Sie nach drei Jahren der Nicht-Interaktion mit der Vorgängerversion der Fotos-App gefragt, ob Sie die Gesichtsgruppierungen weiterhin zulassen. Sie können jederzeit zur Seite "Einstellungen" in der Vorgängerversion der Fotos-App gehen, um die Einstellung "Personen" zu aktivieren oder zu deaktivieren. Durch das Deaktivieren dieses Features werden die Gesichtsgruppierungsdaten aus der Vorgängerversion der Fotos-App entfernt, nicht aber Ihre Fotos oder Videos.
Weitere Informationen über die Vorgängerversion der Fotos-App und die Gesichtsgruppierung
.
Wenn Sie ein Foto oder Video über die Fotos-App oder die Vorgängerversion der Fotos-App teilen, sind alle eingebetteten Daten (z. B. Position, Kameramodell und Datum) für die Personen und Dienste zugänglich, mit denen Sie das Foto oder Video teilen.
Kontakte-App
. Mit der Kontakte-App können Sie mit all Ihren Kontakten zentral interagieren. Wenn Sie der Kontakte-App ein Konto hinzufügen, werden Ihre Kontakte aus Ihrem Konto automatisch zur Kontakte-App hinzugefügt. Sie können weitere Konten der Kontakte-App hinzufügen, einschließlich denen von Ihren sozialen Netzwerken (z. B. Facebook und Twitter) und E-Mail-Konten. Wenn Sie ein Konto hinzufügen, werden Sie darüber informiert, welche Daten die Kontakte-App importieren oder mit dem entsprechenden Dienst synchronisieren kann. Anschließend können Sie die hinzuzufügenden Elemente auswählen. Andere Apps, die Sie installieren, können u. U. ebenfalls Daten mit der Kontakte-App synchronisieren, darunter zusätzliche Details zu bestehenden Kontakten. Wenn Sie einen Kontakt in der Kontakte-App anzeigen, werden Informationen über Ihre aktuellen Interaktionen mit dem Kontakt (z. B. E-Mails und Kalenderereignisse, auch von Apps, deren Daten mit der Kontakte-App synchronisiert sind) abgerufen und angezeigt Sie können jederzeit ein Konto aus der Kontakte-App entfernen.
Mail- und Kalender-App
. Mit der Mail- und Kalender-App können Sie alle E-Mails, Kalender und Dateien an einem Ort verknüpfen, einschließlich der von Drittanbieter-E-Mail- und Dateispeicheranbietern. Die App bietet positionsbezogene Dienste, wie z. B. Wetterinformationen in Ihrem Kalender, an. Sie können allerdings die Verwendung Ihrer Standortinformationen durch die App deaktivieren. Wenn Sie der Mail- und Kalender-App ein Konto hinzufügen, werden E-Mails, Kalenderinformationen, Dateien, Kontakte und weitere Einstellungen von Ihrem Konto automatisch mit Ihrem Gerät und den Microsoft-Servern synchronisiert. Sie können jederzeit ein Konto entfernen oder die Daten ändern, die von Ihrem Konto synchronisiert werden. Um ein Konto zu konfigurieren, müssen Sie die Kontozugangsinformationen (wie Ihren Benutzernamen und Ihr Kennwort) in die App eingeben, die über das Internet an Drittanbieter-Server gesendet werden. Die App wird zunächst versuchen, eine sichere Verbindung (SSL) zu verwenden, um Ihr Konto zu konfigurieren, wird jedoch diese Informationen unverschlüsselt senden, wenn Ihr E-Mail-Anbieter SSL nicht unterstützt. Wenn Sie ein Unternehmenskonto (z. B. die E-Mail-Adresse des Geschäfts/Unternehmens) hinzufügen, kann der Besitzer der Organisationsdomäne gewisse Richtlinien und Regelungen implementieren (z. B. eine mehrstufige Authentifizierung oder die Möglichkeit, Daten aus der Ferne zu löschen), die sich auf die Nutzung der App auswirken können. Diese App verwendet Ihre Gerätefunktionen wie Standort und Kamera. Weitere Informationen finden Sie im
Microsoft Store
.
Windows-Anbietermitteilungen (zuvor Microsoft-Nachrichten)-App
. Die Windows-Anbietermitteilungen-App empfängt und zeigt auf Ihrem PC oder Gerät kontobezogene SMS-Nachrichten Ihres Mobilfunkanbieters zu Ihrem Datentarif (z. B. zu Ihren Rechnungen und Datenlimits) an. Diese Nachrichten werden lokal auf Ihrem Gerät gespeichert. Auf Ihrem Gerät können Sie auch auf diese Nachrichten zugreifen, sie anzeigen und löschen. Diese App verwendet Ihre Gerätefunktionen wie „Kontakte“. Weitere Informationen finden Sie im Microsoft Store auf Windows.
Die Uhr-App
ist Ihr Dreh- und Angelpunkt für Zeitmanagement und Konzentration auf Windows. Wenn sich die Benutzer mit ihrem Microsoft-Konto anmelden, können sie Microsoft To Do aktivieren, eine mit der Cloud verbundene Benutzeroberfläche. Wenn der Benutzer „Fokussitzung“ aktiviert, werden die Sitzungsdaten lokal gespeichert und der Benutzer kann sie löschen, indem er die Seite mit den Uhreinstellungen aufruft. In Fokussitzungen können Sie außerdem eine Verbindung mit Spotify-Konten herstellen, um Umgebungsgeräusche zu hören, die Benutzern bei der Konzentration helfen. Besuchen Sie
Microsoft Store
, um mehr zu erfahren.
Microsoft Journal
ist eine Windows-Anwendung, die speziell für berührungsempfindliche, stiftfähige Geräte wie Tablets und 2-in-1-Geräte entwickelt wurde. Sie bietet Benutzern die Möglichkeit persönliche Freihand-Notizen zu erstellen. Die App nutzt künstliche Intelligenz (KI) und maschinelles Lernen, um Ihre Handschrift besser zu erkennen und Daten lokal auf Ihrem Gerät zu verarbeiten. Wenn eine Verbindung mit Microsoft 365 besteht (Abonnement erforderlich), können Benutzer nahtlos auf ihren M365-Kalender und ihre Kontakte in der App zugreifen. Alle vom Benutzer erstellten Inhalte werden automatisch am Standardspeicherort in der Dokumentbibliothek zur späteren Referenz gespeichert. Im Journal können Sie auf die Fotobibliothek und die Gerätekamera und das Mikrofon zugreifen, damit Sie sie einer Arbeitsmappe hinzufügen können. Erfahren Sie
hier
mehr über die Journal-App, oder besuchen Sie
Microsoft Store
, um mehr zu erfahren.
Die App
Mobilfunktarife
hilft Ihnen, auf Ihrem Windows 10 PC und 11 LTE-Geräten einfach und an mehr Orten online zu gehen. Bei der Registrierung für einen Datentarif auf Ihrem Gerät wird eine Verbindung mit dem Mobilfunkanbieter hergestellt, so dass Sie Käufe über das Online-Portal des Mobilfunkanbieters tätigen können. Sie benötigen eine unterstützte SIM-Karte, um diese App verwenden zu können. Die Mobilfunktarife-App verwendet Ihre IMEI, IMSI, EID, ICCID und Ihr Land (grober Standort bestimmt durch Mobilfunknetz-ID oder WLAN-Reverse IP), um zu ermitteln, welche Mobilfunkanbieter in Ihrer Region verfügbar sind. Der Mobilfunkanbieter kann Benachrichtigungen über die Mobilfunktarife-App an Benutzer senden. Diese App verwendet die Funktionen Ihres Geräts, z. B. Kamera und Mikrofon. Besuchen Sie
Microsoft Store
, um mehr zu erfahren.
Microsoft PC Manager
ist in ausgewählten Regionen verfügbar und ist ein Desktop-Tool, das die Leistung Ihres PCs steigern soll. Basierend auf Ihrer Anforderung scannt PC Manager Ihr Gerät und ermöglicht es Ihnen, nicht benötigte oder temporäre Dokumente zu löschen, den Cache zu optimieren, unbefugte Änderungen zu stoppen oder wiederherzustellen oder andere Features wie Integritätsprüfung, Boost mit einem Klick, Speicherbereinigung, Datei- und Popup-Verwaltung und Schutz Ihrer Standardeinstellungen zu nutzen.
PC Manager blockiert Popup-Fenster basierend auf den AdBlock-Regeln und den von Ihnen ausgewählten Popup-Fenstern durch die benutzerdefinierte Blockierung. Wenn Sie dem Microsoft PC Manager Popup-Plan zustimmen, können Sie beim Blockieren von Popup-Fenstern durch die benutzerdefinierte Blockierung dazu beitragen, das Popup-Verwaltungsfeature von Microsoft PC Manager zu optimieren, indem Sie Screenshots der Popups machen und diese an Microsoft senden. Microsoft erfasst keine anderen Informationen als Screenshots, den Windows-Titel und die Klasse von Windows. Gesendete Screenshots werden nur für kurze Zeit aufbewahrt und regelmäßig gelöscht. Sie können Ihre Popupplaneinstellungen jederzeit über die PC Manager-Einstellungen verwalten. Das Feedbackfeature in PC Manager verarbeitet möglicherweise auch personenbezogene Daten, wenn Sie sie in das Feedback aufnehmen, das Sie Microsoft bereitstellen. Das Feedback von Benutzern wird nach der Verarbeitung regelmäßig gelöscht. Besuchen Sie
Microsoft Store
, um mehr zu erfahren.
Das
Snipping Tool
ist ein praktisches Dienstprogramm in Windows, das Ihr Mikrofon und Ihre Bilderbibliothek nutzt, um Screenshots und Bildschirmaufnahmen zu erfassen und zu speichern. Das Snipping Tool enthält ein Textaktionsfeature, die die integrierte optische Zeichenerkennung (OCR) unterstützt. Sie können Text mithilfe von OCR direkt aus Bildern auswählen und kopieren. Außerdem können Sie das Textaktionsfeature verwenden, um vertrauliche Informationen aus dem erfassten Text zu entfernen. Mit der Integration der Zwischenablage werden Objekte, die mit dem Snipping Tool kopiert wurden, auch in Ihre Zwischenablage kopiert. Wenn Sie den Zwischenablageverlauf geräteübergreifend aktivieren, kann der kopierte Inhalt nahtlos auf verschiedenen Geräten verwendet werden. Benutzer können ihre Einstellungen für Zwischenablage und Ausschneiden über die Windows-Einstellungen verwalten. Besuchen Sie
Microsoft Store
, um mehr zu erfahren.
Die
Sprachrekorder-App
ist ein vielseitiges Werkzeug, das für die Aufnahme von Audio über Ihr Mikrofon in verschiedenen Szenarien entwickelt wurde. Während der Aufzeichnung können Sie wichtige Augenblicke markieren, um wichtige Abschnitte später leicht zu finden. Sie können Ihre Aufzeichnungen auch zuschneiden, die Lautstärke anpassen oder andere Änderungen vornehmen und sie wiedergeben. Ihre Aufzeichnungen werden automatisch gespeichert und in Ihrem Dokumentenordner abgelegt, so dass Sie leicht darauf zugreifen können, und Sie können Ihre aufgezeichneten Audiodaten mit Freunden und Familie teilen. Besuchen Sie
Microsoft Store
, um mehr zu erfahren.
Microsoft Clipchamp
ist ein Video-Editor, der die Erstellung von Videos erleichtert. Er ermöglicht es Benutzern, Videos, Bilder und Audiodateien zu kombinieren, Text und Effekte hinzuzufügen und das fertige Video auf ihrem Gerät zu speichern oder ihre Videos in ihrem persönlichen OneDrive über ihr Microsoft-Konto zu speichern. Benutzer können auch Stockvideos und Stockmusik- oder Soundeffekte, Stickers, grafische Elemente, Hintergründe und vieles mehr hinzufügen. Benutzer können Clipchamp den Zugriff auf ihre Kamera und ihr Mikrofon erlauben, um Videos direkt von ihrem Gerät aus aufzuzeichnen. Für eine bessere Nutzererfahrung, wie z.B. die Sprachauswahl, die Ihnen angezeigt wird, erfasst Clipchamp Ihren groben Standort. Benutzer können Clipchamp mit einem persönlichen oder familieninternen Microsoft-Konto über die Clipchamp-App für Windows 10 oder Windows 11 und im Edge- oder Chrome-Browser unter
https://app.clipchamp.com
aufrufen.
Medienwiedergabe
ist der standardmäßig eingebaute Player für Multimedia-Dateien (Audio und Video). Wenn Sie eine Multimediadatei öffnen, liest die Medienwiedergabe den Inhalt dieser Datei. Wenn Sie die Medienwiedergabe öffnen, werden die Inhalte Ihrer Musikbibliothek und der Videobibliotheksordner gelesen, um ihre eigenen Musikbibliotheks- und Videobibliotheksseiten innerhalb der Medienwiedergabe aufzufüllen, um Ihnen beim Organisieren, Anzeigen und Wiedergeben von Multimediainhalten zu helfen.
Um Ihre Erfahrung bei der Wiedergabe von Musik zu erweitern, versucht die Medienwiedergabe automatisch, Künstler- und Albumgrafiken für die Inhalte, die Sie wiedergeben, und die Inhalte in Ihrer Musikbibliothek anzuzeigen. Um diese Informationen bereitzustellen, sendet die Medienwiedergabe eine Informationsanforderung an Microsoft, die Standardgerätedaten enthält, z. B. Ihre Geräte-IP-Adresse, die Gerätesoftwareversion, Ihre Regions- und Spracheinstellungen sowie einen Bezeichner für den Inhalt. Falls gewünscht, kann dieses Feature auf der Seite "Einstellungen" der App deaktiviert werden.
Filme & TV.
Microsoft Filme & TV ermöglicht es Ihnen, Filme und TV-Episoden zu leihen oder zu kaufen und auf Ihrem Gerät abzuspielen.
Um Ihnen zu helfen, Inhalte zu entdecken, die Sie interessieren könnten, sammelt Filme & TV Daten darüber, welche Filme und Fernsehsendungen Sie sich ansehen, einschließlich der Spieldauer und aller Bewertungen, die Sie abgeben.
Filme & TV kann auch lokale Videodateien anzeigen und abspielen, die auf Ihrem PC gespeichert sind. Zu diesem Zweck benötigt sie Zugriff auf die Videobibliothek auf Ihrem Gerät.
Windows Media Player Legacy.
Wenn Sie Windows Media Player Legacy verwenden, kann es Medieninhalte wie Video-, Audio- und Bilddateien lesen, sodass Sie CDs und andere digitale Inhalte (z. B. Video- und Audiodateien) wiedergeben, CDs kopieren und Ihre Medienbibliothek verwalten können. Um Ihre Erfahrung beim Wiedergeben von Inhalten in Ihrer Bibliothek zu erweitern, zeigt Windows Media Player Legacy verwandte Medieninformationen an, z. B. Albumtitel, Songtitel, Albumgrafik, Interpret und Komponist. Um die Medieninformationen zu bereichern, sendet Windows Media Player Legacy eine Anfrage an Microsoft, die Standardcomputerinformationen enthält, einen Bezeichner für die Medieninhalte und bereits in der Windows Media Player Legacy-Bibliothek enthaltene Medieninformationen (einschließlich von Ihnen bearbeitete und eingegebene Informationen), damit Microsoft den Titel erkennt und zusätzliche verfügbare Informationen darüber zurück gibt.
Windows Media Player Legacy gibt ebenfalls Inhalte wieder, die über ein Netzwerk gestreamt werden. Um diesen Dienst bereitzustellen, muss Windows Media Player Legacy mit einem Streamingmedienserver kommunizieren. Diese Server werden in der Regel von einem anderen Inhaltsanbieter als Microsoft betrieben. Während der Medienstreamingwiedergabe sendet Windows Media Player Legacy ein Protokoll an den Medienserver oder an andere Webserver, wenn der Streamingmedienserver dies anfordert. Das Protokoll enthält folgende Informationen: Verbindungszeit, IP-Adresse, Betriebssystemversion, Windows Media Player Legacy-Version, Player-ID (Player-ID), Datum und Protokoll. Um Ihre Privatsphäre zu schützen, sendet Windows Media Player Legacy standardmäßig eine Player-ID, die für jede Sitzung unterschiedlich ist.
Zurück zum Anfang
Windows Hello
Windows Hello bietet über die biometrische Authentifizierung einen sofortigen Zugriff auf Ihre Geräte. Wenn Sie die Funktion aktivieren, verwendet Windows Hello ein Bild Ihres Gesichts, Ihres Fingerabdrucks oder Ihrer Iris, um Sie anhand einer Reihe von eindeutigen Punkten oder Merkmalen, die aus dem Bild extrahiert und auf Ihrem Gerät als Vorlage gespeichert werden, zu identifizieren – das tatsächliche Bild Ihres Gesichts, Ihrer Iris oder Ihres Fingerabdrucks wird nicht gespeichert. Biometrische Überprüfungsdaten, die bei der Anmeldung verwendet werden, verlassen Ihr Gerät nicht. Ihre biometrischen Überprüfungsdaten verbleiben auf Ihrem Gerät, bis Sie sie entfernen. Nach einem längeren Zeitraum Windows Hello Inaktivität werden Sie jedoch aufgefordert zu bestätigen, dass Sie Ihre biometrischen Überprüfungsdaten weiterhin speichern möchten. Sie können Ihre biometrischen Überprüfungsdaten aus den Einstellungen löschen. Erfahren Sie mehr über
Windows Hello
.
Zurück zum Anfang
Windows Search
Mit Windows Search können Sie eigene Informationen sowie das Web von einer Stelle aus durchsuchen. Wenn Sie Windows Search zur "persönlichen Suche" verwenden, werden Ergebnisse für Elemente zurückgegeben, die sich auf Ihrem persönlichen OneDrive, Ihrem OneDrive for Business (wenn aktiviert), auf anderen Cloud-Speicheranbietern (sofern diese Anbieter von Drittanbietern unterstützt werden) und auf Ihrem Gerät befinden. Wenn Sie Windows Search dazu nutzen, das Web zu durchsuchen oder Suchvorschläge über Windows Search zu erhalten, werden die Suchergebnisse von Bing bereitgestellt. Ihre Suchabfrage wird wie im Abschnitt
Bing
dieser Datenschutzbestimmungen beschrieben behandelt.
Weitere Informationen über die Suche in Windows
.
Zusammenfassung anzeigen
Weitere Infos
Zurück zum Anfang
Unterhaltung und ähnliche Dienste
Unterhaltung und ähnliche Dienste bieten eine komplexe Erfahrung und ermöglichen es Ihnen, auf eine Vielzahl von Inhalten, Anwendungen und Spielen zuzugreifen.
Unterhaltung und ähnliche Dienste bieten eine komplexe Erfahrung und ermöglichen es Ihnen, auf eine Vielzahl von Inhalten, Anwendungen und Spielen zuzugreifen.
Xbox
Das Xbox-Netzwerk ist der Online-Spiel- und Unterhaltungsdienst von Microsoft, der aus Software besteht und Online-Erfahrungen über verschiedene Plattformen hinweg ermöglicht. Mit diesem Dienst können Sie Spiele suchen und spielen, Inhalte anzeigen und sich mit Freunden auf Xbox und anderen Spiel- und sozialen Netzwerken verbinden.
Wenn Sie sich für ein Xbox-Profil registrieren, weisen wir Ihnen einen Gamertag (einen öffentlichen Spitznamen) und einen eindeutigen Bezeichner zu. Wenn Sie sich bei Xbox-Geräten, -Apps oder -Diensten anmelden, werden die Daten, die wir über Ihre Nutzung sammeln, unter Verwendung dieser eindeutigen ID(s) gespeichert.
Xbox-Konsolen sind Geräte, mit denen Sie Spiele, Filme, Musik und andere digitale Unterhaltung finden und abspielen können. Wenn Sie sich bei Xbox-Erfahrungen – in Apps oder auf einer Konsole – anmelden, weisen wir Ihrem Gerät ebenfalls eine eindeutige ID zu. Wenn Ihre Xbox-Konsole beispielsweise mit dem Internet verbunden ist, und Sie melden sich bei der Konsole an, dann stellen wir fest, welche Konsole und welche Version des Betriebssystems der Konsole Sie verwenden.
Zu den Daten, die wir über Ihre Nutzung von Xbox-Diensten, -Spielen, -Apps und -Konsolen erheben
, gehören:
Wenn Sie sich bei Xbox an- und abmelden, alle getätigten Einkäufe und die erhaltenen Inhalte.
Welche Spiele Sie spielen und welche Apps Sie verwenden, Ihr Spielfortschritt, Erfolge, Spielzeit pro Spiel und andere Spielstatistiken.
Leistungsdaten über Xbox-Konsolen, Xbox Game Pass und andere Xbox-Apps, das Xbox-Netzwerk, verbundenes Zubehör und Ihre Netzwerkverbindung, einschließlich Software- oder Hardware-Fehler.
Inhalte, die Sie über das Xbox-Netzwerk hinzufügen, hochladen oder teilen, einschließlich SMS, Bilder und Videos, die Sie in Spielen und Apps erfassen.
Soziale Aktivitäten, einschließlich Chatdaten und Interaktionen mit anderen Spielern und Verbindungen (von Ihnen hinzugefügte Freunde und Personen, die Ihnen folgen), die sie im Xbox-Netzwerk machen.
Wenn Sie sich auf einem anderen Gerät anmelden, das auf das Xbox-Netzwerk zugreifen kann, und dieses Gerät ein Speichergerät (Festplatte oder Speichereinheit) enthält, werden die Nutzungsdaten auf dem Speichergerät gespeichert und an Microsoft gesendet, wenn Sie sich das nächste Mal bei Xbox anmelden, auch wenn Sie offline gespielt haben.
Die von uns gesammelten Daten ermöglichen es uns, Ihnen unsere Dienste und zusammengestellte Erfahrungen bereitzustellen. Dazu gehört, Ihnen Spiele, Inhalte und Dienste vorzuschlagen sowie Ihnen Angebote, Rabatte und Empfehlungen zu präsentieren. Um Ihre Einstellungen für diese Empfehlungen zu ändern, besuchen Sie die Seite
Xbox Online-Sicherheit und Datenschutzeinstellungen
.
Kamera und Mikrofon
. Während der Nutzung der Xbox können die Spieler die Funktionen des Geräts wie Mikrofon, Kamera und Bildschirmaufnahme nutzen, um ihre Spielerfahrung zu verbessern. Wenn ein Xbox-Spiel im Windows Game Bar gespielt wird, können die Kamera und das Mikrofon verwendet werden, einschließlich zum Lesen von Fotos und Videos sowie zum Aufnehmen und Aufzeichnen von Screenshots.
Xbox-Diagnosedaten
. Diagnosedaten haben zwei Kategorien: erforderlich und optional.
Erforderlich
. Xbox sendet erforderliche Daten an Microsoft. Die Daten, die mindestens erforderlich sind, um Xbox zu schützen, auf dem neuesten Stand zu halten und dafür zu sorgen, dass sie ordnungsgemäß funktioniert.
Optional
. Optionale Daten sind zusätzliche Daten, die Sie mit Microsoft teilen können. Optionale Daten können zusätzliche Details zu Betrieb, Nutzung und Leistung Ihrer Xbox-Produkte und -Dienste sowie erweiterte Fehlerberichte enthalten.
Weitere Informationen finden Sie unter
Einstellungen für die optionale Datenfreigabe verwalten
.
Spielaufzeichnungen
. Jeder Spieler in einer Multiplayer-Spielsitzung kann Video (Spiel-Clips) aufzeichnen und Screenshots von ihrer Ansicht des Spiels erfassen. Die Spiele-Clips und Screenshots anderer Player können während dieser Sitzung Ihren In-Game-Charakter und Gamertag erfassen. Wenn ein Player Spiele-Clips und Screenshots auf einem PC aufzeichnet, können die resultierenden Spiele-Clips auch Audiochats erfassen.
Untertitel
. Bei Xbox Echtzeit- („Party“) Chat können Spieler ein Sprache-zu-Text-Feature aktivieren, das es ihnen ermöglicht, diesen Chat als SMS anzuzeigen. Wenn ein Player dieses Feature aktiviert, wird die gesamte Sprachkommunikation in der Gruppe für den Player untertitelt. Microsoft verwendet die resultierenden SMS-Daten, um Untertitel für Benutzer zu erstellen, die diese benötigen, sowie für andere in dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie beschriebene Zwecke.
Xbox-Daten, die von anderen angezeigt werden können
. Ihr Gamertag, die Spiel- und Wiedergabestatistiken, Erfolge, Präsenz (ob Sie gerade bei Xbox Live angemeldet sind), Inhalte, die Sie teilen, und andere Daten über Ihre Aktivitäten auf Xbox können eingesehen werden von:
Andere Player, die bei Xbox angemeldet sind.
Kunden von Drittanbietern, mit denen Sie Ihr Profil verknüpft haben, oder
Andere mit Xbox verknüpfte Dienste (einschließlich derjenigen der Partnerunternehmen).
Zum Beispiel gelten Ihr Gamertag und Ihre Punktzahlen, die auf Spiele-Bestenlisten angezeigt werden, als öffentlich und können nicht verborgen werden. Für andere Daten können Sie Ihre Datenschutzeinstellungen auf den Konsolen und auf
Xbox.com
anpassen, um einzuschränken oder zu blockieren, was mit der Öffentlichkeit oder mit Freunden geteilt wird.
Weitere Informationen finden Sie unter
Xbox Online-Sicherheit und Datenschutzeinstellungen
.
Freigabe von Xbox-Daten an Drittanbieter, einschließlich Spiele- und App-Herausgebern
. Wenn Sie ein Xbox-Onlinespiel oder eine mit dem Netzwerk verbundene App auf Ihrer Xbox-Konsole, Ihrem PC oder Mobilgerät verwenden, hat der Herausgeber dieses Spiels oder dieser Anwendung Zugriff auf Daten über Ihre Nutzung, um den Herausgeber bei der Bereitstellung, Unterstützung und Verbesserung seines Produkts zu unterstützen. Diesen Daten können umfassen: Ihre Xbox-Benutzer-ID, Gamertag, eingeschränkte Kontoinformationen wie Land/Region und Altersgruppe, Daten über Ihre Kommunikation im Spiel, alle Xbox Durchsetzungsaktivitäten, Spielsitzungen (z. B. im Spiel ausgeführte Spielzüge, im Spiel verwendete Fahrzeugtypen), Ihre Präsenz im Xbox-Netzwerk, die Zeit, die Sie mit dem Spiel oder der App verbringen, Ranglisten, Statistiken, Spielerprofile, Avatare oder Gamerpics, Freundeslisten, Aktivitätsfeeds für offizielle Clubs, denen Sie angehören, offizielle Clubmitgliedschaften und alle Inhalte, die Sie im Spiel oder in der App erstellen oder übermitteln.
Drittanbieter, die Spiele und Apps herausgeben und entwickeln, haben eine eigene und unabhängige Beziehung zu den Benutzern und die Erhebung und Verwendung personenbezogener Daten unterliegt den spezifischen Datenschutzrichtlinien dieser Dritten. Sie sollten deren Richtlinien sorgfältig überprüfen, um festzustellen, wie Ihre Daten verwendet werden. Herausgeber können beispielsweise Spieldaten über ihre eigenen Dienste offenlegen oder anzeigen (z. B. in Bestenlisten). Sie finden ihre Richtlinien möglicherweise über Links von den Spiel- oder App-Detailseiten im Microsoft Store.
Erfahren Sie mehr unter
Datenfreigabe mit Spielen und Apps
.
Um die Freigabe von Spiel- oder App-Daten für einen Herausgeber zu beenden, entfernen Sie dessen Spiele oder Apps von allen Geräten, auf denen sie installiert sind. Einigen Verlagen kann der Zugriff auf Ihre Daten unter
https://microsoft.com/consent
entzogen werden.
Kinder und Familie
. Wenn Sie Kinder haben, die das Xbox-Netzwerk benutzen möchten, können Sie Kinder- oder Jugendprofile für sie einrichten, sobald sie Microsoft-Konten haben. Erwachsene Organisatoren in Ihrer Microsoft-Familiengruppe können Zustimmungsentscheidungen und Online-Sicherheitseinstellungen für Kinder- und Jugendprofile auf
Xbox.com
ändern.
Erfahren Sie mehr über Microsoft-Familiengruppen unter
Vereinfachen Sie das Leben Ihrer Familie
.
Weitere Informationen zur Verwaltung von Xbox-Profilen finden Sie unter
Xbox Online-Sicherheit und Datenschutzeinstellungen
.
Weitere Informationen über die Erfassung von Daten von Kindern durch Microsoft, einschließlich Xbox, finden Sie im Abschnitt
Erfassung von Daten von Kindern
in dieser Datenschutzerklärung.
Sicherheit
. Um dazu beizutragen, das Xbox-Netzwerk zu einer sicheren Spielumgebung zu machen und die Community-Standards für Xbox durchzusetzen, können wir Sprache, Text, Bilder, Videos und spielinterne Inhalte (z. B. Spielclips, die Sie hochladen, Unterhaltungen, die Sie führen, und Dinge, die Sie in Clubs und Spielen posten) sammeln und überprüfen.
Anti-Cheat und Betrugsverhütung
. Die Bereitstellung einer fairen Spielumgebung ist uns sehr wichtig. Wir verbieten Betrug, Hacking, Kontodiebstahl und jegliche andere nicht autorisierte oder betrügerische Aktivitäten, wenn Sie ein Xbox-Online-Spiel oder eine netzwerkverbundene App auf Ihrer Xbox Konsole, Ihrem PC oder Mobilgerät verwenden. Zur Erkennung und Verhinderung von Betrug und Täuschung setzen wir u. U. diesem Zweck dienende Tools, Anwendungen und andere Technologien ein. Solche Technologien erstellen u. U. digitale Signaturen (als “Hashes” bezeichnet) aus bestimmten Informationen, die von Ihrer Xbox-Konsole, Ihrem PC oder Mobilgerät sowie dazu, wie Sie das jeweilige Gerät verwenden, erfasst werden. Dies kann Informationen über den Browser, das Gerät, Aktivitäten, Spiel-IDs und das Betriebssystem umfassen.
Legacy
.
Xbox 360
. Diese Xbox-Konsole sammelt begrenzte erforderliche Diagnosedaten, damit Ihre Konsole wie erwartet funktioniert, während Sie eine Konsole verwenden, die mit dem Xbox-Netzwerk verbunden ist.
Kinect
. Der Kinect Sensor ist eine Kombination aus Kamera, Mikrofon und Infrarot-Sensor, die es ermöglicht, Bewegungen und Stimme zur Steuerung des Spielverlaufs zu nutzen. Zum Beispiel:
Wenn ihr wollt, könnt ihr euch mit der Kamera über die Gesichtserkennung automatisch im Xbox-Netzwerk anmelden. Diese Daten verbleiben auf der Konsole und werden nicht an Dritte weitergegeben, und Sie können sich jederzeit dazu entscheiden, diese Daten von der Konsole zu löschen.
Beim Spielen bildet Kinect die Abstände zwischen den Gelenken Ihres Körpers ab, um eine Strichmännchen-Darstellung von Ihnen zu erstellen, die Kinect beim Spielen unterstützt.
Mit dem Kinect-Mikrofon kann während des Spiels ein Voice-Chat zwischen den Spielern stattfinden. Das Mikrofon ermöglicht auch Sprachbefehle zur Steuerung der Konsole, des Spiels oder der App oder zur Eingabe von Suchbegriffen.
Kinect Sensor kann auch für die Audio- und Videokommunikation über Dienste wie Skype verwendet werden.
Erfahren Sie mehr über Kinect unter
Xbox Kinect und Datenschutz
.
Zurück zum Anfang
Microsoft Store
Der Microsoft Store ist ein Onlinedienst, auf den Sie über einen PC, die Xbox-Konsole und die Xbox App zugreifen können und mit dem Sie Anwendungen und andere digitale Inhalte durchsuchen, herunterladen, kaufen, bewerten und überprüfen können. Es enthält Folgendes:
Apps und Inhalte für Windows-Geräte, wie z. B. Mobiltelefone, PCs und Tablets,
Spiele, Abonnements und andere Apps für Xbox-Konsolen und andere Geräte.
Produkte und Apps für Microsoft 365, SharePoint, Exchange, Access und Project (alle ab Version 2013).
Wir erfassen Daten zu Ihrem Zugriff auf den Microsoft Store und die von Ihnen angezeigten, gekauften oder installierten Produkte, zu den Präferenzen, die Sie für das Anzeigen von Apps im Microsoft Store festgelegt haben, sowie zu allen Bewertungen, Beurteilungen und Problemberichten, die Sie übermitteln. Ihr Microsoft-Konto ist mit Ihren Bewertungen und Beurteilungen verbunden, und sobald Sie eine Beurteilung verfassen, wird der Name und das Bild von Ihrem Microsoft-Konto gemeinsam mit Ihrer Beurteilung veröffentlicht. Der Microsoft Store verwendet die auf Ihrem Gerät konfigurierte Region, um relevante und geeignete Inhalte und Werbemittel anzuzeigen. Der Microsoft Store verwendet Ihre Geräte-ID, um die an ein bestimmtes Gerät gebundenen Produktrechte zu verwalten.
Berechtigung für Microsoft Store-Apps
. Viele Apps, die Sie aus dem Microsoft Store installieren, sind so konzipiert, dass sie Vorteile aus den Hardware- und Software-Features Ihres Gerätes ziehen. Die Verwendung bestimmter Hardware- und Softwarefunktionen durch eine App kann sowohl der App als auch dem damit verbundenen Dienst Zugriff auf Ihre Daten geben. Zum Beispiel könnte eine Fotobearbeitungs-App auf Ihr Gerät zugreifen, um Ihnen zu ermöglichen, ein neues Foto zu machen oder auf gespeicherte Fotos oder Videos auf Ihrem Gerät zum Zwecke der Bearbeitung zuzugreifen, und ein Restaurantführer könnte anhand Ihres Standorts Empfehlungen für die Umgebung anbieten. Informationen zu den Funktionen, die von einer App verwendet werden, sind in der App-Produktbeschreibungsseite im Microsoft Store erhältlich. Viele der von den Microsoft Store-Apps verwendeten Features können in den Datenschutzeinstellungen Ihres Gerätes aktiviert und deaktiviert werden. Unter Windows können Sie in vielen Fällen auswählen, welche Apps eine bestimmte Funktion verwenden können. Gehen Sie zu
Start > Einstellungen > Datenschutz oder Datenschutz & Sicherheit
, wählen Sie die Funktion (z. B. Kalender) und wählen Sie dann, welche App-Berechtigungen aktiviert oder deaktiviert sind. Die Listen der Apps in den Windows-Datenschutzeinstellungen, die Hardware- und Software-Features verwenden können, enthalten nicht die "klassischen Windows"-Apps, und diese sind nicht von den Einstellungen betroffen.
App-Updates
. Sofern Sie die automatischen App-Updates in den entsprechenden Microsoft Store-Einstellungen nicht deaktiviert haben oder eine vom App-Entwickler bereitgestellte und aktualisierte App erworben haben, sucht der Microsoft Store automatisch nach App-Updates, lädt diese herunter und installiert sie, um sicherzustellen, dass Sie über die neuesten Versionen verfügen. Aktualisierte Apps können möglicherweise unterschiedliche Windows-Hardware- und Softwarefunktionen aus früheren Versionen verwenden, die ihnen einen Zugang zu unterschiedlichen Daten auf Ihrem Gerät geben können. Sie werden zur Zustimmung aufgefordert, sobald eine aktualisierte App auf bestimmte Funktionen wie zum Beispiel den Standort zugreifen möchte. Sie können auch die von einer App verwendeten Hardware- und Softwarefeatures überprüfen, indem Sie sich die Produktbeschreibungsseite im Microsoft Store ansehen.
Jede Nutzung Ihrer Daten durch eine App, die durch eine dieser Funktionen gesammelt wurden, unterliegt den Datenschutzbestimmungen des jeweiligen App-Entwicklers. Wenn eine über den Microsoft Store erhältliche App Ihre personenbezogenen Daten sammelt und verwendet, wird vom App-Entwickler verlangt, eine Datenschutzrichtlinie zur Verfügung zu stellen, und ein Link zu der Datenschutzrichtlinie ist auf der App-Produktbeschreibungsseite im Microsoft Store verfügbar.
Quergeladene Apps und Entwicklermodus
. Entwickler-Features wie die "Entwicklermodus"-Einstellung sind nur für den Entwicklungsgebrauch bestimmt. Wenn Sie Entwicklerfunktionen aktivieren, kann Ihr Gerät unzuverlässig oder unbrauchbar werden, und Sie Sicherheitsrisiken aussetzen. Mit dem Herunterladen oder dem anderweitigen Erwerb von Apps außerhalb des Microsoft Stores, auch "Querladen" von Apps genannt, können Ihr Gerät und Ihre personenbezogenen Daten anfälliger für einen Angriff oder eine unvorhergesehene Verwendung durch Apps werden. Windows-Richtlinien, Benachrichtigungen, Berechtigungen und andere Funktionen zum Schutz Ihrer Privatsphäre beim Zugriff von Apps auf Ihre Daten funktionieren möglicherweise nicht wie in diesen Datenschutzbestimmungen beschrieben, wenn Entwicklerfunktionen aktiviert sind oder Apps quergeladen werden.
Zurück zum Anfang
Microsoft Start
Microsoft Start (früher bekannt als MSN oder Microsoft News) ist ein Inhaltsdienst, der Nachrichten, Wetter, Sport und Finanzen umfasst. Die Microsoft Start-App ist auf verschiedenen Plattformen wie iOS und Android verfügbar. Der Microsoft Start-Dienst ist auch in anderen Microsoft-Diensten enthalten, einschließlich des Microsoft Edge-Browsers und Widgets auf Windows.
Bei der Installation der Apps Microsoft Start, MSN Wetter oder Microsoft News erfassen wir Daten, die uns Aufschluss darüber geben, ob die App ordnungsgemäß installiert wurde, sowie das Installationsdatum, die App-Version und andere Daten über Ihr Gerät wie das Betriebssystem und den Browser. Diese Daten werden auf einer regelmäßigen Basis erhoben, die uns dabei hilft, die Anzahl der Benutzer von Apps zu bestimmen und Leistungsprobleme im Zusammenhang mit verschiedenen App-Versionen, Betriebssystemen und Browsern zu identifizieren. Wenn Sie die Wetter-App verwenden, verwenden wir Ihren Standort, um Ihnen relevante Wetterinhalte bereitzustellen.
Wir erheben auch Daten darüber, wie Sie Ihre Microsoft Start-Inhalte nutzen, zum Beispiel Nutzungshäufigkeit und angezeigte Inhalte, um Ihnen relevante Inhalte bereitzustellen. Microsoft Start bietet eine erweiterte Erfahrungsmöglichkeit an, sobald Sie sich mit Ihrem Microsoft-Konto anmelden, einschließlich der Möglichkeit, Ihre Interessen und Favoriten anzupassen. Wir verwenden Ihren Standort, um Ihnen relevante Inhalte wie lokales Wetter und Nachrichten bereitzustellen. Sie können die Personalisierung über Microsoft Start- und Bing-Einstellungen sowie über Einstellungen in anderen Microsoft-Diensten, die Microsoft Start-Dienste enthalten, anpassen. Die Daten werden von uns auch dafür erhoben, um Sie mit Werbung zu versorgen, die für Sie von Interesse sein könnte. Sie können die interessenbezogene Werbung über die Werbelinks in den Microsoft Start-Diensten oder auf der Microsoft-
Kündigungsseite
deaktivieren.
Frühere Versionen von MSN Finanzen ermöglichen es Ihnen, auf persönliche Finanzinformationen von Drittanbieter-Finanzinstituten zuzugreifen. MSN Finanzen zeigt diese Informationen lediglich an, speichert sie jedoch nicht auf unseren Servern. Ihre Anmeldeinformationen für den Zugang zu Ihren finanziellen Informationen von Drittanbietern sind auf Ihrem PC verschlüsselt und werden nicht an Microsoft übermittelt. Diese Finanzinstitute sowie alle anderen Dienste von Drittanbietern auf welche Sie über MSN-Dienste zugreifen können, unterliegen deren eigenen Bedingungen und Datenschutzrichtlinien.
Zurück zum Anfang
Silverlight
Microsoft Silverlight hilft Ihnen, auf reichhaltige Inhalte im Web zuzugreifen und diese zu genießen. Silverlight ermöglicht es Websites und Diensten Daten auf Ihrem Gerät zu speichern. Weitere Silverlight-Funktionen beinhalten das Einrichten einer Verbindung zu Microsoft, um Aktualisierungen zu erhalten oder zu Microsoft oder zu Servern von Drittanbietern, um geschützte digitale Inhalte wiederzugeben.
Silverlight-Konfigurationstool
. Sie können eine Auswahl für diese Features im Silverlight-Konfigurationstool vornehmen. Um das Silverlight-Konfigurationstool aufzurufen, klicken Sie mit der rechten Maustaste auf den Inhalt, der gerade von Silverlight angezeigt wird, und wählen Sie
Silverlight
. Sie können das Silverlight-Konfigurationstool auch direkt ausführen. In Windows können Sie beispielsweise auf das Tool zugreifen, indem Sie nach "Microsoft Silverlight" suchen.
Silverlight-Anwendungsspeicher
. Silverlight-basierte Apps können Datendateien lokal auf Ihrem Computer für eine Vielzahl von Zwecken abspeichern, einschließlich dem Speichern Ihrer benutzerdefinierten Einstellungen, dem Speichern von großen Dateien für grafikintensive Features (z. B. Spiele, Karten und Bilder) sowie dem Speichern von Inhalten, die Sie innerhalb bestimmter Anwendungen erstellen. Sie können den Anwendungsspeicher im Silverlight-Konfigurationstool deaktivieren oder konfigurieren.
Silverlight-Updates
. Silverlight wird in regelmäßigen Abständen einen Microsoft-Server auf Updates überprüfen, um Ihnen die neuesten Features und Verbesserungen zur Verfügung zu stellen. Eine kleine Datei, die Informationen über die aktuelle Silverlight-Version enthält, wird auf Ihren Computer heruntergeladen und mit Ihrer aktuell installierten Version verglichen. Falls eine neuere Version verfügbar ist, wird diese heruntergeladen und auf Ihrem Computer installiert. Sie können im Silverlight-Konfigurationstool Updates konfigurieren oder deaktivieren.
Digital Rights Management
. Silverlight verwendet Microsoft Digital Rights Management (DRM), um die Rechte der Eigentümer von Inhalten zu schützen. Wenn Sie auf DRM-geschützte Inhalte (wie Musik oder Video) mittels Silverlight zugreifen, wird es Mediennutzungsrechte von einem Rechteserver im Internet beantragen. Um ein nahtloses Wiedergabeerlebnis zu ermöglichen, erhalten Sie keine Aufforderung, bevor Silverlight die Anforderung an den Rechteserver sendet. Während des Anforderns von Mediennutzungsrechten wird Silverlight dem Rechteserver eine ID für die DRM-geschützte Inhaltsdatei sowie grundlegende Daten über Ihr Gerät zur Verfügung stellen, einschließlich der Daten über die DRM-Komponenten auf Ihrem Gerät wie Version und Sicherheitsstufen sowie einen eindeutigen Bezeichner für Ihr Gerät.
DRM-Updates
. In einigen Fällen kann der Zugriff auf DRM-geschützte Inhalte ein Update für Silverlight oder für die DRM-Komponenten des Gerätes erforderlich machen. Wenn Sie versuchen, Inhalte abzuspielen, die ein DRM-Update erfordern, wird Silverlight eine Anfrage an einen Microsoft-Server senden, die grundlegende Daten über Ihr Gerät, einschließlich Informationen über die DRM-Komponenten auf Ihrem Computer wie Version und Sicherheitsstufen, Daten zur Problembehandlung sowie einen eindeutigen Bezeichner für Ihr Gerät enthält. Der Microsoft-Server verwendet diesen Bezeichner, um eine eindeutige DRM-Aktualisierung für Ihr Gerät zurückzugeben, die dann von Silverlight installiert wird. Sie können DRM-Komponenten-Updates auf der Registerkarte
Wiedergabe
im Silverlight-Konfigurationstool deaktivieren oder konfigurieren.
Zurück zum Anfang
Windows Mixed Reality
Mit Windows Mixed Reality können Sie eine Virtual-Reality-Oberfläche aktivieren, die Sie in Apps und Spiele eintauchen lässt. Mixed Reality verwendet die Kamera, das Mikrofon und die Infrarotsensoren eines kompatiblen Headsets, damit Bewegungen und Stimme zur Steuerung des Spielverlaufs und zur Navigation von Apps und Spielen verwendet werden können.
Microsoft sammelt Diagnosedaten, um Probleme zu lösen und um Mixed Reality unter Windows auf dem neuesten Stand, sicher und funktionstüchtig zu halten. Diagnosedaten helfen uns auch bei der Verbesserung von Mixed Reality und verwandten Microsoft-Produkten und -Diensten, je nachdem, welche Diagnosedateneinstellungen Sie für Ihr Gerät ausgewählt haben.
Weitere Informationen über Windows-Diagnosedaten
.
Mixed Reality verarbeitet und sammelt auch Daten, die sich speziell auf die Mixed Reality-Erfahrungen beziehen, wie z. B:
Mixed Reality bildet Abstände zwischen den Gelenken Ihres Körpers ab, um eine Strichmännchendarstellung von Ihnen zu erstellen. Wenn Sie mit dem Internet verbunden sind, sammeln wir diese numerischen Werte, um Ihre Erfahrung zu ermöglichen und zu verbessern.
Mixed Reality erkennt spezifische Handgesten, mit denen einfache Systeminteraktionen (wie Menünavigation, Schwenken/Zoomen und Scrollen) durchgeführt werden sollen. Diese Daten werden auf Ihrem PC verarbeitet und nicht gespeichert.
Die Mikrofone des Headsets ermöglichen Sprachbefehle zur Steuerung von Spielen, Apps oder zur Eingabe von Suchbegriffen.
Weitere Informationen über Sprachdatenerfassung
.
Windows Mixed Reality kann auch für Audio- und Videokommunikation über Dienste wie Skype verwendet werden.
Zusammenfassung anzeigen
Weitere Infos
Zurück zum Anfang
Zurück nach oben
Sub-policy 14
https://openai.com/de-DE/policies/privacy-policy:
Application error: a client-side exception has occurred (see the browser console for more information).
Sub-policy 15
https://supabase.com/privacy#privacy-disclosures-for-the-european-economic-area-united-kingdom-and-switzerland:
Product
Developers
Enterprise
Pricing
Docs
Blog
79.1K
Sign in
Start your project
Open main menu
Privacy Policy
#
Last Modified: 9 Oct 2024
Previous Version:
4 Aug 2024
Thank you for your interest in Supabase, Inc., ("
Supabase
," "
we
", "
our
" or "
us
"). Supabase provides a suite of open source tools, stitched together to build a seamless developer experience. This Privacy Notice explains how information about you, that directly identifies you, or that makes you identifiable ("
personal information
") is collected, used and disclosed by Supabase in connection with our website at
supabase.com
(the "
Site
") and our services offered in connection with the Site (collectively with the Site, the "
Service
").
What Does This Privacy Notice Apply To?
#
This Privacy Notice explains how we use your personal information when you use the Service, either as an individual customer or when you access the Service through one of our enterprise customers' accounts. We are the data controller of your personal information when we use it as described in this Privacy Notice, meaning that we determine and are responsible for how your personal information is processed.
Our Service allows customers to submit, manage or otherwise use content relating to others, such as end users of applications built and managed through the Service or their employees and contractors (“
Customer Data
”). We use such Customer Data primarily as a processor, meaning we process such Customer Data on behalf of and under the instructions of the relevant customer, in accordance with our
data processing addendum
. This Privacy Notice does not apply to such processing; if you believe your personal information has been included in any Customer Data, we recommend you read the Privacy Notice of the respective customer.
This Privacy Notice sets out how we use personal information. It does not cover our use of information that is not "personal information", "personal information" or similar terms under applicable law. This means that it does not cover our use of aggregated or anonymized information.
Where applicable law permits, it also does not cover deidentified information, meaning information that is maintained in a form that is not reasonably capable of being associated with or linked to an individual (please note that this would not apply to personal information collected from you if you are in the UK, EEA or Switzerland).
We may also provide you with additional privacy notices or disclosures where the scope of the inquiry, request, or personal information we require falls outside the scope of this Privacy Notice. In that case, the additional Privacy Notice or disclosures will set out how we may process the information you provide at that time. Please note that this Privacy Notice does not cover or apply to our processing of information about our employees or contractors or applicants for positions at Supabase.
Region-specific Disclosures
#
California - Your California Privacy Rights:
If you are a California resident, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits you to request information regarding the disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year. Note we do not share your personal information with third parties for their own marketing purposes.
Nevada:
Chapter 603A of the Nevada Revised Statutes permits a Nevada resident to opt out of future sales of certain covered information that a website operator has collected or will collect about the resident. Note we do not sell your personal information within the meaning of Chapter 603A. However, if you would still like to submit such a request, please contact us at
support@supabase.com
.
European Economic Area, United Kingdom or Switzerland:
If you are located in the European Economic Area ("
EEA
"), United Kingdom or Switzerland, or otherwise engage with Supabase’s European operations, please see the
Privacy Disclosures for the European Economic Area, United Kingdom and Switzerland
for additional European-specific privacy disclosures, including the lawful bases we rely on to process your personal information, how we use cookies when you access our Sites from the EEA, UK or Switzerland and your rights in respect of your personal information.
Note for International Visitors:
Personal information may be transferred to, stored and processed in a country other than the one in which it was collected. For example, the Sites are primarily hosted in and provided from the United States. Please note the country to which personal data is transferred may not provide the same level of protection for personal information as the country from which it was transferred.
Click on the links below to jump to each section:
Information we collect and our use
How we share personal information
Control over your information
How we use cookies and other tracking technology to collect information
Data retention and security
Links to third-party websites and services
Children's privacy
Changes to this privacy notice
Contact us
Privacy disclosures for the European Economic Area, United Kingdom and Switzerland
1. Information we collect and our use
#
We collect personal information in connection with your visits to and use of the Service. This collection includes information that you provide in connection with the Service, information from third parties, and information that is collected automatically such as through the use of cookies and other technologies.
Information That You Provide
#
We collect personal information that you submit directly to us. The categories of information we collect can include:
Registration information.
We collect personal and/or business information that you provide when you register for an account on the Site. This information may include your name, email address, GitHub username. We use this information to administer your account, provide you with the relevant services and information, communicate with you regarding your account, the Site and for customer support purposes.
Payment information.
If you make a purchase or payment on the Site, such as for a subscription, we collect transactional information provided in connection with your purchase or payment. Please note that we use third party payment processors, including Stripe, to process payments made to us. As such, we do not retain any personally identifiable financial information such as credit card numbers. Rather, all such information is provided directly by you to our third-party processor. The payment processor’s use of your personal information is governed by their privacy notice. To view Stripe’s privacy notice, please visit:
https://stripe.com/privacy
.
Communications.
If you communicate with us through any paper or electronic form, we may collect your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, or any other personal information you choose to provide to us. We use this information to investigate and respond to your inquiries, and to communicate with you, to enhance the services we offer to our users and to manage and grow our organization. If you register for our newsletters or updates, we may communicate with you by email. To unsubscribe from promotional messages, please follow the instructions within our messages and review the
Control Over Your Information section
below. If you become a contributor, we may also collect your GitHub name and feature you on our website.
Inquiries and Feedback.
If you contact us, we will collect the information that you provide us, such as your contact information and the contents of your communication with us.
You are free to choose which personal information you want to provide to us or whether you want to provide us with personal information at all. However, some information, such as your name, address, payment transaction information, and information on your requested Services may be necessary for the performance of our contractual obligations.
After registration, you may create, upload or transmit files, documents, videos, images, data or information as part of your use of the Service (collectively, “
User Content
”). User Content and any information contained in the User Content, including personal information you may have included, is stored and collected as part of the Service. You have full control of the information included in the User Content.
Information from Third Party Sources
#
We may receive personal information about you from our business partners and service providers and combine this information with other data we collect from you. The third-parties may include website and service operators and payment processors and marketing partners. The information may include contact information, demographic information, information about your communications and related activities, and information about your orders. We may use this information to administer and facilitate our services, your orders and our marketing activities.
Single Sign-On.
We use single sign-on ("
SSO
") such as Github to allow a user to authenticate their account using one set of login information. We will have access to certain information from those third parties in accordance with the authorization procedures determined by those third parties, including, for example, your name, username, email address, language preference, and profile picture. We use this information to operate, maintain, and provide to you the features and functionality of the Service. We may also send you service-related emails or messages (e.g., account verification, purchase confirmation, customer support, changes or updates to features of the Site, technical and security notices).
Social Media.
When you interact with our Site through various social media, such as when you click on the social media icon on the Site, follow us on a social media site, or post a comment to one of our pages, we may receive information from the social network such as your profile information, profile picture, user name, user ID associated with your social media account, and any other information you permit the social network to share with third parties. The data we receive is dependent upon your privacy settings with the social network. We use this information to operate, maintain, and provide to you the features and functionality of the Service, as well as to communicate directly with you, such as to send you email messages about products and services that may be of interest to you.
Information from Other Sources.
We may obtain information from other sources, including through third-party information providers, our shareholders, customers, or through transactions such as mergers and acquisitions. We may combine this information with other information we collect from or about you. In these cases, our Privacy Notice governs the handling of the combined personal information. We use this information to operate, maintain, and provide to you the features and functionality of the Service, as well as to communicate directly with you, such as to send you email messages about products and services that may be of interest to you.
Other Uses of Personal Information
#
In addition to the uses described above, we may collect and use personal information for the following purposes:
For our business activities, including to operate the Service and to provide you with the features and functionality of the Service;
To communicate with you and respond to your requests, such as to respond to your questions, contact you about changes to the Service, and communicate about account related matters;
For marketing and advertising purposes, such as to market to you or offer you with information and updates on our products or services we think that you may be interested in. While we may use your personal information in this manner, please note that we do not use User Content to send you ads, and we will never share User Content with any third parties for marketing or advertising purposes, unless you have explicitly submitted it to us for that purpose;
For analytics and research purposes;
To enforce our
Terms of Service
, to resolve disputes, to carry out our obligations and enforce our rights, and to protect our business interests and the interests and rights of third parties;
To comply with contractual and legal obligations and requirements;
To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide personal information; and
For any other lawful purpose, or other purpose that you consent to.
2. How we share personal information
#
We may share your personal information in the instances described below. For further information on your choices regarding your information, see
Control Over Your Information
.
We may share your personal information with third-party service providers or business partners who help us deliver or improve our Site or services, or who perform services on our behalf. These third parties
are subject to reasonable confidentiality terms and provisions restricting their use of your personal information
, and may include parties that process payments and coordinate billing, provide web hosting services, or provide analytics.
Third parties as required by law or subpoena or if we reasonably believe that such action is necessary to (a) comply with the law and the reasonable requests of law enforcement; (b) to enforce our
Terms of Service
or other agreements or to protect the security or integrity of the Supabase services, including to prevent harm or financial loss, or in connection with preventing fraud or illegal activity; and/or (c) to exercise or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Supabase, our Customers, visitors, or others.
We may share with other companies and brands owned or controlled by Supabase, and other companies owned by or under common ownership as Supabase. These companies will use your personal information in the same way as we can under this Privacy Notice.
We may transfer any information we collect in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets (including any shares in the company) or any portion or combination of our products, services, businesses and/or assets. Should such a transaction occur (whether a divestiture, merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, reorganization, liquidation, or similar transaction or proceeding), we will use reasonable efforts to ensure that any transferred information is treated in a manner consistent with this Privacy Notice.
We may disclose your information publicly or with another third party with your prior authorization.
With others in an aggregated or otherwise anonymized form that does not reasonably identify you directly or indirectly as an individual.
3. Control over your information
#
Email Communications
#
From time to time, we may send you emails regarding updates to our Service, products or services, notices about our organization, or information about products/services we offer (or promotional offers from third parties) that we think may be of interest to you. If you wish to unsubscribe from such emails, simply click the “unsubscribe link” provided at the bottom of the email communication. Note that you cannot unsubscribe from certain services-related email communications (e.g., account verification, confirmations of transactions, technical or legal notices).
Modifying Account Information
#
If you have an online account with us, you have the ability to modify certain information in your account (e.g., your contact information) through the account options provided on the Site. If there is personal information in your User Content, you can use the features and functionality of the Service to edit or delete the personal information or User Content. Not all personal information is maintained in a format that you can access or change. If you would like to request access to, or correction or deletion of personal information, you may send your request to us at the email provided below. We will review your request and may require you to provide additional information to identify yourself, but we do not promise that we will be able to satisfy your request.
4. How We Use Cookies and Other Tracking Technology to Collect Information
#
We, and our third-party partners, automatically collect certain types of usage information when you visit our Site. We typically collect this information through a variety of tracking technologies, including cookies, web beacons, embedded scripts, location-identifying technologies, file information, and similar technology (collectively, “
tracking technologies
”).
We, and our third-party partners, use tracking technologies to automatically collect usage and device information, such as:
Information about your device and its software, such as your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, device type/model/manufacturer, operating system, date and time stamp, and a unique ID that allows us to uniquely identify your browser or your account (including, for example, a persistent device identifier), and other such information.
When you access our sites from a mobile device, we may collect unique identification numbers associated with your device or our mobile application mobile carrier, device type, model and manufacturer, mobile device operating system brand and model, and depending on your mobile device settings, we may be able to approximate a device’s location by analyzing other information, like an IP address.
Information about the way you access and use our services, for example, the site from which you came and the site to which you are going when you leave our services, the pages you visit, the links you click, whether you open emails or click the links contained in emails, whether you access the services from multiple devices, and other actions you take on the Site.
We use the data collected through tracking technologies to: (a) remember information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the site; (b) provide custom content and information; (c) identify you across multiple devices; (d) provide and monitor the effectiveness of our services; (e) monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors, traffic, usage, and demographic patterns on our Site; (f) diagnose or fix technology problems; and (g) to provide, plan for, and enhance our services.
Note we do not engage in online targeted advertising.
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies Opt-Out.
Depending on your browser or mobile device, you may be able to set your browser to delete or notify you of cookies and other tracking technology by actively managing the settings on your browser or mobile device.
If you would prefer not to accept cookies, most browsers will allow you to: (i) change your browser settings to notify you when you receive a cookie, which lets you choose whether or not to accept it; (ii) disable existing cookies; or (iii) set your browser to automatically reject cookies. Please note that doing so may negatively impact your experience using the sites, as some features and services on our sites may not work properly. Depending on your mobile device and operating system, you may not be able to delete or block all cookies. You may also set your e-mail options to prevent the automatic downloading of images that may contain technologies that would allow us to know whether you have accessed our e-mail and performed certain functions with it.
5. Data Retention and Security
#
We will retain your personal information for the length of time needed to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Notice, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law. We store data on servers in the U.S. or any other country in which Supabase or its affiliates, subsidiaries, agents or contractors maintain facilities. If you are located in a country where laws governing data collection and use differ from U.S. law, please note that your personal information may be transferred to a country and jurisdiction that does not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction. When you register for use with Supabase you have the option of where you store your information and we will not transfer it without providing information to you in advance.
Supabase cares about the security of your information and uses commercially reasonable physical, technical and organizational measures designed to preserve the integrity and security of all information we collect. However, no security system is impenetrable, and we cannot guarantee the security of our systems 100%. In the event that any information under our control is compromised as a result of a breach of security, we will take reasonable steps to investigate the situation and where appropriate, notify those individuals whose information may have been compromised and take other steps, in accordance with any applicable laws and regulations.
6. Links to Third-Party Websites and Services
#
For your convenience, our Site may provide links to third-party websites or services that we do not own or operate. We are not responsible for the practices employed by any websites or services linked to or from the services, including the information or content contained within them. Your browsing and interaction on any other website or service are subject to the applicable third party’s rules and policies, not ours. If you are using a third-party website or service, you do so at your own risk. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of any site or service before providing any personal information.
7. Children’s Privacy
#
Our services are not intended for children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly solicit or collect personal information from children under the age of 13. If we learn that any personal information has been collected inadvertently from a child under 13, we will delete the information as soon as possible. If you believe that we might have collected information from a child under 13, please contact us at
privacy@supabase.com
.
8. Changes to Privacy Notice
#
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Notice from time to time in our sole discretion. We will notify you about material changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your Supabase account and/or by placing a prominent notice on our Site. It is your responsibility to review this Privacy Notice periodically. When we do change the Privacy Notice, we will also revise the “last modified” date.
9. Contact Us
#
For additional inquiries about this Privacy Notice, please send us an email at
privacy@supabase.com
.
Privacy disclosures for the European economic area, United Kingdom, and Switzerland.
#
The following disclosures (“
Privacy Disclosures
”) apply to you if you access or use the Site or the Services from the European Economic Area, United Kingdom or Switzerland.
Supabase, Inc is the data controller of your personal information when we use it as described in these Privacy Disclosures, meaning that we determine and are responsible for how your personal information is processed.
1. Personal Information You Provide To Us
#
We collect the following categories of personal information that you submit directly to us when you use the Service:
(a)
Contact information
, such as first name, last name and email address
How we may use the Personal Information
Legal Bases for Processing
Recipients of Personal Information
When you create an account and access the Service as an individual, we use this information to set up and authenticate your account on the Service.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you and to take steps prior to entering into a contract with you, namely our Terms of Service.
We may share this information with the following service providers through the provision of the Service: Stripe, Orb, Hubspot, Amazon Web Services, Google Cloud, Postmark,Twilio, Fly.io, and PandaDoc.
We use this information to communicate with you, including sending service-related communications.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you, namely our Terms of Service.
We use this information to deal with enquiries and complaints made by or about you relating to the Service.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely administering the Service, and for communicating with you effectively to respond to your queries or complaints.
We use this information to send you marketing communications in accordance with your preferences.
We will only use your personal information in this way to the extent you have given us consent to do so.
(b)
Your registration / account information
. When you create an account and access the Service as an individual, If you use an email and password to sign up to the service we will collect your email address, and password. If you use Github we use single sign-on ("
SSO
") such as Github to allow a user to authenticate their account using one set of login information. The data we receive is dependent on your privacy settings with the social network.
How we may use the Personal Information
Legal Bases for Processing
Recipients of Personal Information
We use this information to create your account on the Service.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you.
We may share this information with the following service providers through the provision of the Service: Github, Amazon Web Services.
(c)
Payment transaction and billing information
. When you make a purchase through your own individual account on the Service, we collect information such as your billing address and Tax ID and other information such as date and time of your transaction and products / services purchased.
How we may use the Personal Information
Legal Bases for Processing
Recipients of Personal Information
We use this information to process your orders through the Service and collect payment.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract.
We may share this information with the following service providers through the provision of the Service: Stripe, Orb, Tableau, PandaDoc, Hubspot, and Amazon Web Services.
We use this information to verify your identity in connection with the detection and prevention of fraud or financial crime.
The processing is necessary for our and third partiers' legitimate interests, namely the detection and prevention of fraud and financial crime.
(d)
Chat, comments and opinions
. When you contact us directly, e.g. by email or phone or through our feedback form we will record your comments and opinions.
How we may use the Personal Information
Legal Bases for Processing
Recipients of Personal Information
When you contact us about your own individual account, or contact us as a prospective customer, we use this information to address your questions, issues and concerns.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely communicating with you and responding to queries, complaints and concerns.
We may share this information with the following service providers through the provision of the Service: Hubspot, Tableau, Google Gsuite, Notion, Amazon Web Services, and Slack.
We use this information to improve the Service.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests (to develop and improve our service).
(e)
Information you submit through our Supabase AI tool
. When you submit a query through our Supabase AI tool, we will collect the content of your query and information about the databases and other content you manage through the Service. We will only collect information about the structure of your databases and metadata, such as column and row headings or other information about how that content is organized. We will not access the content of the databases itself or the information you manage through the Service.
How we may use the Personal Information
Legal Bases for Processing
Recipients of Personal Information
When you use the Supabase AI to submit queries through your own individual account, we will use this information to generate automated responses to your query.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you, namely our Terms of Service.
We may share this information with the following service providers through the provision of the Service: OpenAI, LLC and its affiliates, Fly.io, and AWS.
We this information to assess the performance of the chatbot tool and improve the Service.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests (to develop and improve our service).
(f)
Information received from third parties, such as social networks
. If you interact with us through a social network, we may receive information from the social network such as your name, profile information, and any other information you permit the social network to share with third parties. We use single sign-on ("
SSO
") such as Github to allow a user to authenticate their account using one set of login information. The data we receive is dependent on your privacy settings with the social network.
How we may use the Personal Information
Legal Bases for Processing
Recipients of Personal Information
We use this information to reshare content created through the use of the Service.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests (to develop our service and inform our marketing strategy).
We may share this information with the following service providers through the provision of the Service: Commonroom, Github, and Slack.
We use this information to authenticate you and allow you to access the Service.
The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you.
2. Information we collect about your Use of the Site and Service.
#
We also automatically collect the following personal information about how you access and use the Service, and information about the device you use to access the Service:
(a)
Approximate Location information
. When you visit our Service, we may collect information about your location. This information may be derived from WiFi positioning or your IP address.
How we may use the Personal Information
Legal Bases for Processing
Recipients of Personal Information
We use information to present the Service to you on your device, including localizing features of the Service.
The processing is necessary for performance of a contract with you, namely our Terms of Service. If you access the Service as an authorized user of another customer, the processing is necessary for our and the customer's legitimate interests, namely presenting the Service to you on your device.
We may share this information with the following service providers through the provision of the Service: Sentry, Tableau, Posthog, Plausible, BigQuery (Google Cloud), Fly.io, Vercel, Cloudflare, Configcat, and Amazon Web Services.
We use this information to determine content that may be of interest to you.
We will only use your personal information in this way to the extent you give us your consent to do so.
(b)
Information about how you access and use the Service
. For example, how frequently you access the Service, the time you access the Service and how long you use it for, the approximate location that you access the Service from, the site from which you came and the site to which you are going when you leave our website, the website pages you visit, the links you click, whether you access the Service from multiple devices, and other actions you take on the Service.
How we may use the Personal Information
Legal Bases for Processing
Recipients of Personal Information
We use information about how you use and connect to the Service to present the Service to you on your device.
The processing is necessary for performance of a contract with you, namely our Terms of Service. If you access the Service as an authorized user of another customer, the processing is necessary for our and the customer's legitimate interests, namely presenting the Service to you on your device.
We may share this information with the following service providers through the provision of the Service: Posthog, Plausible, Fly.io, Sentry, Hubspot, BigQuery (Google Cloud), Vercel, and Amazon Web Services.
We use this information to monitor and improve the Service and business, resolve issues and to inform the development of new products and services.
We will only use your personal information in this way to the extent you give us your consent to do so.
(c)
Log files and information about your device
. We also collect information about the tablet, smartphone or other electronic device you use to connect to the Service. This information can include details about the operating systems, browsers and applications connected to the Service through the device and your IP address.
How we may use the Personal Information
Legal Bases for Processing
Recipients of Personal Information
We use information about how you use and connect to the Service to present the Service to you on your device.
The processing is necessary for performance of a contract with you, namely our Terms of Service. If you access the Service as an authorized user of another customer, the processing is necessary for our and the customer's legitimate interests, namely presenting the Service to you on your device.
We may share this information with the following service providers through the provision of the Service: Posthog, Plausible, Hubspot, Fly.io, Vercel, Sentry, Google Cloud, and Amazon Web Services.
We use this information to identify and detect multiple attempts to access the Service to detect fraudulent use of the Service, attempts to breach the security of the Service and to ensure that the Service does not get overloaded.
The processing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely maintaining the security and integrity of the Service.
We use this information to monitor and improve the Service and business, resolve issues and to inform the development of new products and services.
We will only use your personal information in this way to the extent you give us your consent to do so.
We may link or combine the personal information we collect about you and the information we collect automatically.
We may anonymize and aggregate any of the personal information we collect (so that it does not directly identify you). We may use anonymized information for purposes that include testing our IT systems, research, data analysis, improving the Service. We may also share such anonymized and aggregated information with others.
3. How long will we store your personal information
#
We will usually store the personal information we collect about you for no longer than necessary for the purposes set out above, in accordance with our legal obligations and legitimate business interests.
The criteria used to determine the period for which personal information about you will be retained varies depending on the legal basis under which we process the personal information:
(a)
Legitimate Interests
. Where we are processing personal information based on our legitimate interests, we generally will retain such information for a reasonable period of time based on the particular interest, taking into account the fundamental interests and the rights and freedoms of data subjects.
(b)
Consent
. Where we are processing personal information based on your consent, we generally will retain the information until you withdraw your consent, or otherwise for the period of time necessary to fulfill the underlying agreement with you or provide you with the applicable service for which we process that personal information.
(c)
Contract
. Where we are processing personal information based on contract, we generally will retain the information for the duration of the contract plus some additional limited period of time that is necessary to comply with law or that represents the statute of limitations for legal claims that could arise from the contractual relationship.
(d)
Legal Obligation
. Where we are processing personal information based on a legal obligation, we generally will retain the information for the period of time necessary to fulfill the legal obligation.
(e)
Legal Claim
. We may need to apply a “legal hold” that retains information beyond our typical retention period where we face threat of legal claim. In that case, we will retain the information until the hold is removed, which typically means the claim or threat of claim has been resolved.
(f)
Contact information
– if you have an account with us, we retain this for as long as you have an account on our services, and for 60 days after you close your account.
In all cases, in addition to the purposes and legal bases, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the personal information, as well as the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal information.
4. Recipients of Personal Information
#
In addition to the recipients listed above, we may also share your personal information with the following:
Recipients
Why we share your personal information with these recipients
How these recipients will use your personal information
Service providers
We will share your personal information with third party vendors and other service providers that perform services for us or on our behalf, which may include mailing, email or chat services, payment and billing services, fraud prevention, web hosting, or providing analytic services.
These recipients will use your personal information as processors on our instructions.
Advisors
We may share your personal information with companies that provide professional and advisory services to us, such as legal and accounting services.
These recipients will use your personal information to provide professional services to us. The lawful basis we rely on for sharing personal information with these recipients is that the sharing is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely receiving professional advice.
Affiliates
We will share personal information with other companies owned by or under common ownership as Supabase, including our subsidiaries (i.e., any organization we own or control) and our ultimate holding company (i.e., any organization that owns or controls us) and any subsidiaries it owns.
These companies will use your personal information in the same way as we can under these Privacy Disclosures. The lawful basis we rely on for sharing your personal information is that it is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely providing global support and management of the Service.
Purchasers and third parties in connection with a business transaction.
Your personal information may be disclosed to third parties in connection with a transaction, such as a merger, sale of assets or shares, reorganization, financing, change of control or acquisition of all or a portion of our business. For instance, if we sell the Service to a third party, we will share the personal information we have collected through the Service with that buyer.
These recipients will use your personal information to complete a transaction to buy all or the part of our business that includes the Service. The lawful basis for sharing personal information with these recipients is that it is necessary for our and the recipient's legitimate interests, namely completing a transaction to buy all or part of our business.
Law enforcement, regulators and other parties for legal reasons.
we may share your personal information with third parties as required by law or if we reasonably believe that such action is necessary to (i) comply with the law and the reasonable requests of law enforcement; (ii) detect and investigate illegal activities and breaches of agreements, including our Terms; and/or (iii) exercise or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Supabase, its users or others.
These recipients will use your personal information in the performance of their regulatory or law enforcement role. The lawful basis we rely on for sharing personal information with these recipients is that the processing is either necessary to comply with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or is necessary for our legitimate interests, namely enforcing our rights or complying with requests from regulatory authorities.
5. Marketing and Advertising
#
From time to time we may contact you with information about our services, including sending you marketing messages and asking for your feedback on our services. Most marketing messages we send will be by email. For some marketing messages, we may use personal information we collect about you to help us determine the most relevant marketing information to share with you.
We will only send you marketing messages if you have given us your consent to do so. You can withdraw your consent at a later date by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of our marketing emails or by updating your preferences via your account on the Service.
6. Storing and Transferring your Personal Information
#
Security
. We implement appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect your personal information against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, change or damage. All personal information we collect will be stored by our cloud hosting provider on secure servers. We will never requesting credit or debit card information or national identification numbers from you through unsolicited emails or phone calls.
International Transfers of your Personal Information
. The personal information we collect may be transferred to and stored in countries outside of the jurisdiction you are in where we and our third party service providers have operations, including the United States and Singapore.
These international transfers of your personal information will be made pursuant to appropriate safeguards in accordance with applicable law:
Where we may transfer your personal information
Safeguards that apply to that transfer
United States
The transfer is subject to standard contractual clauses approved by the European Commission or the UK Information Commissioner for the transfer of personal information.
Singapore
The transfer is subject to standard contractual clauses approved by the European Commission or the UK Information Commissioner for the transfer of personal information.
If you wish to enquire further about these safeguards used, please contact us using the details set out at the end of these Privacy Disclosures.
7. Your rights in respect of your personal information
#
In accordance with applicable privacy law, you have the following rights in respect of your personal information that we hold:
Right of access
. You have the right to obtain:
confirmation of whether, and where, we are processing your personal information;
information about the categories of personal information we are processing, the purposes for which we process your personal information and information as to how we determine applicable retention periods;
information about the categories of recipients with whom we may share your personal information; and
a copy of the personal information we hold about you.
Right of portability
. You have the right, in certain circumstances, to receive a copy of the personal information you have provided to us in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format that supports re-use, or to request the transfer of your personal information to another person.
Right to rectification
. You have the right to obtain rectification of any inaccurate or incomplete personal information we hold about you without undue delay.
Right to erasure
. You have the right, in some circumstances, to require us to erase your personal information without undue delay if the continued processing of that personal information is not justified.
Right to restriction
. You have the right, in some circumstances, to require us to limit the purposes for which we process your personal information if the continued processing of the personal information in this way is not justified, such as where the accuracy of the personal information is contested by you.
Right to withdraw consent
. There are certain circumstances where we require your consent to process your personal information. In these instances, and if you have provided consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, this will not affect the lawfulness of our use of your personal information before your withdrawal.
You also have the right to object to any processing based on our legitimate interests where there are grounds relating to your particular situation. There may be compelling reasons for continuing to process your personal information, and we will assess and inform you if that is the case. You can object to marketing activities for any reason.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint to your local data protection authority. If you are based in the European Union, information about how to contact your local data protection authority is available
here
. If you are based in the UK or Switzerland, your local data protection authorities are the UK Information Commissioner's Office (
https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/
) and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (
https://www.edoeb.admin.ch/edoeb/en/home/the-fdpic/contact/address.html
).
If you wish to exercise one of these rights, please contact us using the contact details at the end of these Privacy Disclosures.
Due to the confidential nature of data processing we may ask you to verify your identity when exercising the above rights.
8. Cookies and similar technologies used on our European Services
#
Cookies
We use the following types of cookies:
Cookie
Type of cookie
When is the cookie dropped?
How long does the cookie stay on my device?
Purpose of the cookie
Links to respective privacy notices
Stripe
Strictly necessary
When you access the payment interface on our Service.
30 minutes
Detecting and preventing fraudulent payments and transactions.
Stripe Cookie Settings
Stripe
Strictly necessary
When you access the payment interface on our Service.
1 year
Detecting and preventing fraudulent payments and transactions.
Stripe Cookie Settings
Stripe
Strictly necessary
When you access the payment interface on our Service.
2 years
Detecting and preventing fraudulent payments and transactions.
Stripe Cookie Settings
Cloudflare
Strictly necessary
When you first access the Site.
30 minutes
Identify and block bots from accessing the Service.
Cloudflare Cookies
Cloudflare
Strictly necessary
When you first access the Site.
End of Session
Manage traffic to our Service to ensure that it does not get overloaded.
Cloudflare Cookies
Youtube
Strictly necessary
When you view a Youtube embedded video on our Site.
End of Session
To display embedded videos to you on our Site.
Google Cookie Policy
hCaptcha
Strictly necessary
When you respond to a CAPTCHA to prove you are not a robot.
End of Session
To record your responses to the CAPTCHA and grant you access to certain areas of the Service.
hCaptcha Privacy Policy
Posthog
Analytics
When you access the Service.
1 year
To monitor and analyze how you use the Service.
Posthog Privacy Policy
Cookies are pieces of code that we transfer to your computer's hard disk for record-keeping purposes. The cookies listed as strictly necessary are required for the operation of the Service, such as cookies that enable you to log in to secure areas of the Service.
We use Analytics cookies to collect information to assess how our Service is used. We will only do so, however, only if you give us your consent to do so.
Manage preferences
Most browsers also allow you to change your cookie settings to block certain cookies. Depending on your mobile device and operating system, you may not be able to delete or block all cookies. Please note that if you choose to refuse all cookies you may not be able to use the full functionality of our Service. These settings will typically be found in the "options" or "preferences" menu of your browser. In order to understand these settings, the following links may be helpful, otherwise you should use the "Help" option in your browser for more details.
Cookie settings in Internet Explorer
Cookie settings in Firefox
Cookie settings in Chrome
Cookies settings in Safari web
and
iOS
.
If you would like to find out more about cookies and other similar technologies, please visit
allaboutcookies.org
.
Please note that deleting or blocking cookies may not be effective for all types of tracking technologies, such as Local Storage Objects (LSOs) like HTML5.