We use cookies for things like analytics, personalisation, marketing and making sure our website functions properly. By clicking 'Accept All' you agree to the use of all cookies. Read our
Cookie Policy
for more details on the cookies we use or click on 'Cookie Settings' to change your preferences or opt out at any time.
Cookie Settings
Reject All
Accept All
Cookie Preference Center
When you visit our website, it may store or retrieve information from your browser in the form of cookies. A cookie is a small text file that is downloaded to your device (such as a computer or smartphone) when you access a website. Besides traditional cookies, we may use pixels, tags, beacons, HTML5 local storage, plugins, scripts and similar, collectively referred to as cookies.
We place cookies and use information from cookies for various purposes. They enable the website to function properly, provide you with the services you request, tell us information about how our website is used, personalise your experience on the website, build profiles of our visitors so that they can view more tailored adverts or content on other websites, or enable them to share content on social media. You’ll find more about the cookies we use below. Cookie category default settings (except strictly necessary cookies’) can be changed by using the toggle provided.
Strictly necessary cookies ensure that the website works correctly and safely, and provides you with the services you request. Please be aware that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience or the services we’re able to offer. Read our cookie policy for more information.
Cookie Policy
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
Strictly necessary cookies let you move around the website and use essential features like secure areas and shopping baskets. Without these cookies, services you have asked for cannot be provided. These cookies do not gather any information about you that could be used for marketing or remembering where you've been on the internet.
We use strictly necessary cookies to:
•	Remember information you have entered on order forms when you 
        navigate to different pages during a web browser session
•	Remember the goods and services you ordered when you get to the 
        checkout page
•	Identify you as being logged in to our website
•	Make sure you connect to the right service on our website when we make 
        any changes to the way the website works
•	Route you to specific applications of a service or specific servers
•	Allow certain security features of our website to function properly
•	Enable us to comply with legal requirements, for instance, showing texts in 
        certain languages where required by law
Accepting these cookies is a condition of using the website, so if you prevent these cookies we can't guarantee your use of our website or how the security on our website will perform during your visit.
Cookies Details‎
Targeting Cookies
Targeting cookies are linked to services provided by third parties, such as 'Like' buttons and 'Share' buttons. They can be also used by other companies to build profiles and to show you more relevant advertisements. Third parties provide these services in return for recognising that you have visited our website.
We use targeting cookies to:
•	Link to social networks like Facebook, who may subsequently use 
        information about your visit to target advertising to you on other websites
•	Provide advertising agencies with information on your visit so that they can 
        present you with advertisements in which you may be interested, including 
        advertisements about our group or affiliate companies and other Etihad 
        brands such as Etihad Cargo, Etihad Holidays and Etihad Guest and our 
        partners
•	If the device used to access our website is being shared with several 
        people, the person viewing advertising content might not be the person 
        who visited our website
•	All of these cookies are managed by third parties, and you may refer to the 
        third parties' own website privacy notifications for further information
If you disable or block these cookies, we cannot guarantee how our site will perform.
Cookies Details‎
Performance Cookies
Performance cookies collect information about how you use our website (for instance, which pages you visit and if you experience any errors). These cookies do not collect any information that could identify you and are only used to help us improve how our website works, understand what interests our users and measure how effective our advertising is.
We use performance cookies for:
•	Web analytics: to provide statistics on how our website is used
•	Ad response rates: to see how effective our advertisements are, including 
        those pointing to our sites
•	Affiliate tracking: to provide feedback on an anonymous basis to partners 
        that one of our visitors also visited their website – this can include details 
        of any products purchased
•	Error management: to help us improve the website by measuring any 
         errors that occur
•	Testing designs: to test different designs of our website
Some of these cookies are managed by third parties, and you may refer to the third parties' own website privacy notifications for further information.
If you prevent these cookies, we cannot guarantee how our site will perform for you.
Cookies Details‎
Functional Cookies
Functionality cookies are used to provide services or to remember settings to improve your visit.
We use functionality cookies to:
•	Remember settings you've applied, such as layout, text size, preferences 
        and colours
•	Remember if we've already asked you if you want to fill in a survey
•	Show you when you're logged in to the website
Some of these cookies are managed by third parties, and you may refer to the third parties' own website privacy notifications for further information.
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label