Home
Legal information
Privacy Notice
Data privacy and you
UK data privacy laws require organisations like M&S Bank to provide information to people about the personal 
                                data they hold and use. Our Privacy Notice is our way of providing you with this information.
Our Privacy Notice includes information such as explaining why different types of personal data are collected 
                                and used, how that data is used and disclosed, and an individual's rights regarding their data.
Where to find our Privacy Notices
If you're browsing our website, you can view the
Website 
                                Privacy Notice
.
If you're a M&S Bank customer (eg you've applied, or are applying, for one of our products or use our services), 
                                you can view our
Privacy Notice 
                                Overview
(PDF document)(opens in a new window)
or you can view our
full 
                                Privacy Notice
(PDF document)(opens in a new window)
if you'd like more details.
You can also view our
Mobile App Privacy Notice
.
Latest Updates
In May 2024 we updated our Privacy Notice to make it easier to read and understand.
Fraud Prevention Agencies
To find out more about our Fraud Prevention Agencies and how they manage your information, please visit each 
                                agency directly:
CIFAS
(opens in a new window)
National Hunter
(opens in a new window)
Synectics Solutions Ltd
(opens in a new window)
BioCatch
(opens in a new window)
LexisNexis (ThreatMetrix)
(opens in a new window)
More information about your rights
To find out more information please visit Information Commissioner’s Office at
ico.org.uk
(opens in a new window)
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://bank.marksandspencer.com/legal-information/website-privacy-notice/:
skip to main content
Home
Legal information
Website privacy notice
Website privacy notice
When you browse the web, you leave a digital footprint. It's information about your device and the
                    way you use it online.
We just want to let you know that we'll collect this information about you. Most websites do this.
We use this information to deliver the website to you. We also use it for other things, which we
                    think help you and us.
We've put this notice together to explain this.
By the way, when we say "we" this means M&S Bank, other HSBC group companies and our trusted partners
                    who provide services to us.
These include our:
Technology providers.
Cybersecurity companies.
Social media partners.
Advertising partners.
Our Privacy Notices
This is our website notice.
We have other notices. Some of these may apply to you as well. It depends on how you choose to
                    interact with us.
Public website notice (you are here): This notice covers parts of this website where you don't
                        need a password (like this page).
Full privacy notice: Our full privacy notice contains more information to read alongside this
                        notice. It will tell you more details, such as the full company names of M&S Bank's data
                        controllers. It also tells you how M&S Bank uses your personal information in general. You can
                        find this at:
marksandspencer.com/bankprivacynotice
(opens in a new window)
Cookie notice: This notice covers how we collect information from your web browser or mobile device. You can find this at:
marksandspencer.com/bankcookiepolicy
(opens in a new window)
Other notices: Some of our app or parts of our websites have their own privacy notices. For example, our mobile app has a privacy notice. So does our careers section of our website at
bank.marksandspencer.com/careers/
.
You can usually find our notices in the footer of the webpage. If you're using our app, it will usually be in the menu. Our full privacy notice is our main one and can be found at
marksandspencer.com/bankprivacynotice
(opens in a new window)
Personal information collected by this website
We collect information when you use our website. We also do this when you visit one of our social
                    media sites.
When you view our website or social media sites, we can see:
What you click.
What you view.
How long you spend on pages.
Your device & internet connection details such as: type of device you're using, IP address and
                        details about your internet connection, technical details such as your screen size and the
                        software you're using, such as your web browser.
Your country or region (not exactly where you are unless we ask permission).
Your unique advertising or other identification numbers allocated to your browser or device.
If you follow a link to this website, we know the last site you visited. You may have reached
                    this website by following a link from an e-mail. When you open an email from us, we may be able
                    to tell:
that you've opened it.
what links in the email you click on.
When you fill in a form on our website, we can see what you type.
If you send us a message, we may collect information you tell us.
Some of this data is collected by:
Our partners:
These may be website hosts or social media sites.
Cyber-security filtering technology:
This keeps our website safe from fraud and
                    crime.
Cookies and similar technology:
These are set on your device by us and our trusted
                    partners.
We don't often know exactly who you are from this data. But sometimes we may connect this data
                    with other information we hold about you.
For example:
If you browse our website and then access online banking, we may connect this data to you. The
                        next time you visit, we may still link that data to you.
If you browse our website while logged into social media accounts, then our partners may be
                        able to connect this data to those accounts.
It might be possible to connect your browsing data to personal data held by third parties.
                        We use your data when it is in our legitimate interests.
This means we need to have a valid and lawful reason to use your data and balance this with your
                    interests.
How we use this personal information
To deliver the website
We use your information to operate the website and monitor how well it is working. Most websites
                    do this.
To improve our business
We use your information to:
Understand how you use our services.
View trends in product offerings.
Develop well targeted offers and products.
Find offers and products that may be of interest to you.
Make our services better for you.
Learn how useful our marketing is and make it better.
Security & protection
We use your information to help protect you and ourselves against fraud or crime. For example, our service providers look at all use of our website to help block malicious activity. This helps keep you and us safe.
We also use BioCatch and LexisNexis (Threatmetrix).
Personalising our website
When you visit our website, we may use data we collect to make the site reflect you. This could
                    include:
Tailoring our website content and services for you.
Showing your information or updates that might be useful for you.
Showing products or services that we think will be of interest to you.
Online advertising
When we advertise online, we may share your information with our advertising partners.
We may ask our advertising partner to use that information to:
Check if you hold an account with them.
Choose which adverts to send to you.
Send our adverts to you.
Exclude you from adverts, e.g. if the advert is for a service you already use.
Advertise to people who have a similar profile to you or share your interests.
Identify what other marketing may be of interest to you.
Understand how useful our marketing is and make it better.
Social Media
M&S Bank uses social media to:
Help connect with you.
Share information about our products and services.
Sometimes these involve using your data.
You can find out more about how we use information from social media in our full privacy notice at
marksandspencer.com/bankprivacynotice
(opens in a new window)
Social media platforms may let you choose what advertising you receive. You should contact them for more information.
Your rights
We think carefully about how we use your information. We always aim to use it in a way that's
                    fair to you. You might prefer us not to use it for some purposes.
You have a legal right to:
Ask us to provide you with copies of your personal information, make corrections or sometimes
                        ask us to delete it.
Object to our processing of your information in some circumstances. For example to ask us not
                        to share your personal information for online advertising.
Complain to the UK Information Commissioner's Office by visiting
ico.org.uk
(link opens in a new tab)
(opens in a new window)
.
We may not always be able to stop processing your information, such as if we're using it to
                        help protect you or others.
Other important information
We have a couple more things to tell you.
Transfers:
We transfer your information outside of the UK and the European
                        Economic Area. If
                        this happens your information may not have the same level of protection.
Security:
We'll use a range of measures to keep your information safe and
                        secure, such as
                        encryption.
Storage:
We keep your information in line with our data retention policy. We do
                        this to comply
                        with legal and regulatory requirements, and for our legitimate purposes.
Our full privacy notice contains more information about these topics.
Contact us
We're always happy to hear from you.
You can contact our Data Protection Officer at:
For the attention of: the DPO
M&S Bank,
PO Box 325
Wymondham
NR18 8GW
This privacy notice may be updated from time to time, and you'll always be able to find the most
                    recent version on this site.
Last updated: 12/12/2024
Sub-policy 1
https://bank.marksandspencer.com/pdf/ShortFormPrivacyNotice.pdf:

Sub-policy 2
https://bank.marksandspencer.com/pdf/MSBPrivacyNotice.pdf:

Sub-policy 3
https://bank.marksandspencer.com/help-support/ways-to-bank/app-privacy-notice/:
skip to main content
Privacy notice
Introduction
Marks & Spencer Financial Services plc (‘M&S Bank’, ‘we’, ‘our’ and ‘us’) collects, uses and shares information about 
                       you so that we can provide you with an account and other services. This app Privacy Notice explains how we collect, use and share your information 
                       when you use our app, including information about the device that the app is installed on, for example, your mobile phone or tablet. 
                       You can find full information in the
M&S Bank Privacy Notice
, including details of the data controller(s) for the products and services you hold with us. 
                       This app is provided by HSBC Global Services (UK) Limited for us and on our behalf, but all products and services accessed via this app are provided by us, 
                       HSBC group companies or selected partners.
How we secure your information
We use a range of measures to keep your information safe and secure, which may include encryption and other forms of security. 
                       We require our staff and any third parties who carry out any work on our behalf to comply with appropriate compliance standards 
                       including obligations to protect any information and apply appropriate measures for the use and transfer of information.
Who we might share your information with
As M&S Bank is part of the HSBC Group, we may share your information with other HSBC group companies and any sub-contractors, 
                       agents or service providers who work for us or other HSBC group companies (including their employees, sub-contractors, service providers, 
                       directors and officers) to provide you with products or services that you ask for (such as accounts and payments).
How long we’ll keep your information
We’ll keep your information in line with our data retention policy. For example, we’ll normally save your main banking information 
                       for a period of 7 years from the time our relationship ends with you. This allows us to comply with legal and regulatory requirements or use 
                       it for legitimate purposes, such as managing your account and dealing with any disputes or concerns that may arise. We may need to keep your 
                       information for longer if we need the information to comply with regulatory or legal requirements, detect or prevent fraud and financial crime, 
                       answer requests from regulators etc. If there is no need for us to keep the information for this length of time, we may destroy, delete or anonymise it sooner.
Permissions we need before using your information
The list below explains what information we collect from your device, how we use it and whether we share it. In some cases, we’ll seek your permission.
Permissions for all devices:
Location: Allows us to detect your location and prevent fraud when you’re using the M&S Banking App
Microphone: Allows you to send recorded voice messages when you’re chatting with us
Device information and internet access: Allows us to check if you have a working internet connection
Push messages: Allows you to receive notifications of messages from M&S Bank and alerts about activity on your account
Speech Recognition: Allows us to convert spoken language into text in mobile chat
Permission specific to iOS devices:
Biometric information: Allows you to use your biometric credentials, such as Face ID or Touch ID, to sign in
App tracking transparency: Allows you to grant us the permission to track your activities across other companies’ apps and websites (iOS14.0 and above)
Microphone: Allows you to record voice messages to send to us via ‘Chat with us’
Permission specific to Android devices:
External storage device (for example memory card): Allows the app to save files, such as statements, on your device's external storage so that you can view or send them
Biometrics: Allows you to use your biometric credential, such as fingerprint recognition, to sign in
Application permission: Allows Google Play Store to keep a record from where you downloaded the M&S Banking App
Application information: Allows us to collect information about applications installed on your device to check whether you might have risky applications on it. This helps to protect you and us from financial crime
Cookies and similar technologies
We collect data through cookies and similar technologies, and use the following tools to collect information about your device and the way you use it online, 
                       which you can control in the Cookies section of the app.
Transmit Security - Helps make sure your sign in and authentication are more secure
Tealium (tag manager) - Allows us to manage cookies based on your preferences
AppDynamics - Helps track app performance so that it can keep running smoothly
LivePerson – Allows us to provide chat support and messaging services
Optimizely - Allows us to deliver personalised content in various forms across our apps
Tealium AudienceStream – Allows us to collect data about how you use this app, to create profiles based on your behaviour and measure the performance of our digital advertising
Tealium EventStream - Allows us to collect data to personalise our app
Firebase (Android only) – Allows us to send push notifications on Android devices
How to contact us
For further information on anything related to this app Privacy Notice, or to contact our Data Protection Officer (DPO), 
                       you can write to M&S Bank, PO Box 325, Wymondham, NR18 8GW or M&S Bank, Kings Meadow, Chester, CH99 9FB addressed 
                       ‘For the attention of Rights of Individuals Fulfilment (ROIF)’. Alternatively, you can contact us using the M&S Banking App where you can chat with us 24/7 
                       or via telephone to talk to our customer support team (lines open 8am-8pm).
Last updated: 22 October 2024