privacy policy
Joshua Pines
2020-11-16T14:46:07+00:00
SIRENUM LIMITED PRIVACY POLICY
MySirenum Help Guide
At
Sirenum
Limited
we take the issue of your Privacy very seriously. Which is why we which we work hard to ensure we have policies and procedures in place to not only help you manage your company. The following privacy policy explains what personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, how we process it and what we do to keep it safe.
This policy is written in compliance with the Data Protection Act 2018 and the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) (Regulation (EU) 2016/679).
Sirenum Limited (Company Number 08749533) is for the purposes of this privacy policy the data controller (ICO Registration No.ZA556043) and registered address of Winston House, 349 Regents Park Road, London N3 1DH, UK (
we
,
us
or
our
) offers and provides human resource management software and services (
Services
) to our clients (
Clients
) via the
Sirenum website
, “
MySirenum
” mobile application and web applications (
Platform
).
Who we are and what we do
We provide human resource management software and related services (our business). We may also from time to time provide the services such as training, outsourcing and consultancy.
Who does this Privacy Policy Apply to?
We handle data in our own right and also for and on behalf of our Clients and other users who may use our web app, mobile app, or website directly.
We collect the personal data of the following types of people to allow us to undertake our business;
Employees of our Clients, including contractors, consultants and temporary workers;
Employees of clients and subsidiaries of our Clients;
Prospective and placed candidates for permanent or temporary roles;
Prospective and live Client and business contacts;
Supplier contacts to support our services;
We may collect information about you to carry out our core business and ancillary activities.
The Privacy Policy applies to all forms of information, physical and digital, whether collected or stored electronically or in hardcopy.
Where the end users are customers or employees of our Clients then we act as a processor providing services on behalf of our Clients and our Privacy Policy supports and is superseded by their respective Privacy Policy.
Information you give to us or we collect about you.
This is information about you that you give us by filling in forms on Sirenum website
https://sirenum.com/
(our site) or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise. It includes information you provide when you register to use our site, to enter our database, subscribe to our services, attend our events, participate in discussion boards or other social media functions on our site, enter a competition, promotion or survey, and when you report a problem with our site.
The information you give us or we collect about you may include your name, address, private and corporate e-mail address and phone number, financial information, compliance documentation and references verifying your qualifications and experience and your right to work in the your region, curriculum vitae and photograph, links to your professional profiles available in the public domain e.g. LinkedIn, Twitter, business Facebook or corporate website.
Information we collect about you when you visit our website.
With regard to each of your visits to our site we will automatically collect the following information:
technical information, including the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, your login information if applicable, browser type and version, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform;
information about your visit, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) and how you interact with our site.
Information we obtain from other sources.
This is information we obtain about you from other sources such as LinkedIn, corporate websites, job board websites, online CV libraries, your business card, personal recommendations, and OTHERS.
We are working closely with third parties, business partners, sub-contractors in technical, professional, payment and other services, advertising networks, analytics providers, search information providers, credit reference agencies, professional advisors AND OTHERS. We may receive information about you from them for the purposes of our providing human resource services and ancillary support services.
Purposes of the processing and the legal basis for the processing
We use information held about you in the following ways:
To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts we intend to enter into or have entered into between you and us and to provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us or we think will be of interest to you because it is relevant to your career or to your organisation.
To provide you with information about other goods and services we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased, been provided with or enquired about.
The core service we offer to our Clients is the provision of human resource management software and related services.
Our legal basis for the processing of personal data is our legitimate business interests, described in more detail below, although we will also rely on contract, legal obligation and consent for specific uses of data.
We will rely on contract if we are negotiating or have entered into a placement agreement with you or your organisation or any other contract to provide services to you or receive services from you or your organisation.
We will rely on legal obligation if we are legally requires to hold information on to you to fulfil our legal obligations.
We will in some circumstances rely on consent for particular uses of your data and you will be asked for your express consent, if legally required.  Examples of when consent may be the lawful basis for processing include permission to introduce you to a client (if you are a candidate).
Our Legitimate Business Interests
Our legitimate interests in collecting and retaining your personal data is described below:
As a human resources software provider we handle the date of permanent employment, temporary workers and independent professional contracts. The exchange of personal data of our client’s staff and our client contacts is a fundamental, essential part of this process.
In order to support our clients’ resourcing needs we require a database of clients and clients staff. To maintain, expand and develop our business we need to record the personal data of client contacts.
Consent
Should we want or need to rely on consent to lawfully process your data we will request your consent orally, by email or by an online process for the specific activity we require consent for and record your response on our system. Where consent is the lawful basis for our processing you have the right to withdraw your consent to this particular processing at any time.
Other Uses we will make of your data:
Use of our website;
to notify you about changes to our service;
to ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
We will use this information:
to administer our site and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;
to improve our site to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer;
to allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so;
as part of our efforts to keep our site safe and secure;
to measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you;
to make suggestions and recommendations to you and other users of our site about goods or services that may interest you or them.
We do/do not undertake automated decision making or profiling. We do use our computer systems to search and identify personal data in accordance with parameters set by a person. A person will always be involved in the decision making process.
Cookies
Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our site. For detailed information on the cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them see our
Cookie notice
.
Disclosure of your information inside and outside of the EEA
The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area (
EEA
) and with third parties. It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers. Such staff maybe engaged in, among other things, the fulfilment of your order, the processing of your payment details and the provision of support services. Note that wherever possible we will ensure that such parties are subject to a similar regime in their jurisdiction.
You hereby consent to this transfer, storing or processing, including:
Amazon Web Services: operated by Amazon Web Services Inc. (a company incorporated in the United States of America) that host on servers that may be located in Australia, The United States of America and/or the United Kingdom; and
Google Analytics: who improve our visibility and to monitor website browser behaviour and navigation across the Website.
Selected third parties including:
clients, business partners, suppliers and sub-contractors for the performance and compliance obligations of any contract we enter into with them or you;
subcontractors including email marketing specialists, event organisers, payment and other financial service providers.
analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of our site;
Salesforce is the world’s #1 Customer Relationship Management (CRM) platform, able to integrate with other applications like Sirenum in their AppExchange.
Nasstar PLC is one of the UK’s leading managed IT service providers, delivering bespoke clouds, professional services, managed IT.
1218 Global, the primary implementation partner of Sirenum. 1218 Global provides expert Consulting Services and Managed Services to clients worldwide, operating in USA, UK and India.
PwC is among the leading professional services networks in the world. PwC helps organisations and individuals create the value they’re looking for, by delivering quality in assurance, tax and advisory services. PwC’s Sirenum practice delivers implementation services in the Benelux (Belgium, Netherlands, Luxembourgh) and DACH (Germany, Austria, Switzerland) regions.
Sage provides small and medium sized organisations with a range of easy-to-use, online and cloud business management software and services – from accounting and payroll, to enterprise resource planning, customer relationship management and payments.
Bullhorn is the global leader in CRM and operations software for the recruitment industry.
Wagestream enables dynamic workers to avoid the payday poverty cycle by giving them the flexibility to stream their earned wages into their accounts whenever they need or want it.
The Textlocal online platform provides users with advanced messaging and reporting features to create a truly effective mobile messaging experience.
HelloSign’s digital workflow platform – which includes eSignature, digital workflow, and electronic fax solutions.
Cloud HR and Payroll solution built in Salesforce, designed for organisations with over 250 employees who are experiencing business growth or transformation, XCD keeps all data and processes in one place.
Hastee Pay is an award-winning employee benefit that companies can offer to their workforce, which empowers employees to receive a portion of their earned pay immediately to increase their choice and financial wellbeing.
Built on the Salesforce platform, 3BForms was born in 2016 out of the need to securely collect data from our customers and dynamically generate data input flows.
Our website also uses the Smartlook website recording service. Your anonymized personal data might be collected by Smartlook, which may record mouse clicks, mouse movements, page scrolling; but will never collect any text keyed into our website forms. The information collected does not include personal information or any sensitive personal data.
We will disclose your personal information to third parties:
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we will disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.
If Sirenum Limited or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of company or our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
The lawful basis for the third party processing will include:
Their own legitimate business interests in processing your personal data, in most cases to fulfil their internal resourcing needs;
satisfaction of their contractual obligations to us as our data processor;
for the purpose of a contract in place or in contemplation;
to fulfil their legal obligations.
Where we store and process your personal data
Your data will be held within the country in which the Client operates. If you are situated in the EEA then, unless expressly agreed with you, the data that we collect from you will not be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area (”EEA”). Only where you provide such consent, do you agree to this transfer, storing or processing, including by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers. This includes staff engaged in, among other things, our human resource services and the provision of support services. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy notice.
All information you provide to us is stored on secure servers. Any payment transactions will be encrypted using SSL technology. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
Retention of your data
We understand our legal duty to retain accurate data and only retain personal data for as long as we need it for our legitimate business interests and that you are happy for us to do so.
Your rights
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. We will usually inform you (before collecting your data) if we intend to use your data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes and we will collect express consent from you if legally required prior to using your personal data for marketing purposes.
Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
The GDPR provides you with the following rights. To:
Request correction of the personal information that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate information we hold about you corrected.
Request erasure of your personal information. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal information where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal information where you have exercised your right to object to processing (see below).
Object to processing of your personal information where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal information for direct marketing purposes.
Request the restriction of processing of your personal information. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of personal information about you, for example if you want us to establish its accuracy or the reason for processing it.
Request the transfer of your personal information to another party in certain formats, if practicable.
Make a complaint to a supervisory body which in the United Kingdom is the Information Commissioner’s Office. The ICO can be contacted through this link:
https://ico.org.uk/concerns/
Access to information
The Data Protection Act 2018 and the GDPR give you the right to access information held about you. We also encourage you to contact us to ensure your data is accurate and complete.
A subject access request should be submitted to
privacy@sirenum.com
. MySirenum users should consult the applicable policy and submit a subject access request to their employers. No fee will apply once the GDPR comes into force.
Changes to our privacy notice
Any changes we make to our privacy notice in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our privacy notice.
Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy notice are welcomed and should be addressed to
privacy@sirenum.com
.