This policy only applies to the product "Focus To-Do" of Shenzhen Tomato Software Technology Co., Ltd. and its related services.
The protection and confidentiality of your data very important. In this Privacy Policy we would like to tell you what personal data we collect and what we use it for. Below, we will tell you about the type and scope of personal data collected and used, and the purposes for which it is collected. You can call this information on our website at any time.
1. Scope of data protection
The object of data protection is personal data. This includes details such as your name, postal address, email address, telephone number or, where appropriate, even usage data.
2. Data collection and use
Automatic data collection
When you visit our website, your internet browser automatically transmits data for technical reasons. The following data is stored separately from other data you may send to us:
The date and time of your visit
Your browser type and version
The operating system you are using
URL of a website you have visited before
Amount of data transferred
For technical reasons, these data are stored and not assigned to any identifiable person at any time.
Data entered by the user
You can use our application with and without registration. However, you can only access our application using certain terminals such as iPhone, iPod, iPad, Windows, Mac or Android. In order to take advantage of all its advantages , you must be registered. To do this, you must enter your email address and choose a password. We need this data to ensure that you can take advantage of our full range of Premium features.
The central features of our app are task management and the Pomodoro Technique. You will be able to use this product both online and offline.
If our app is only used offline, the data you enter will be scattered across your storage medium. In this case, we will not be able to access the data.
If you use our application in conjunction with a registered account and you are a premium member, all data and tasks entered will be integrated into a database. The purpose of this database is to allow you to use our application and invoke your tasks anytime, anywhere. Data is transmitted to the appropriate terminal using SSL encryption for secure data transfer.
Data Transfer
We will of course not transfer your data to third parties without notifying you in advance or obtaining your prior consent. In the following special cases, we may only transfer your data to third parties and not You will be notified separately in advance as follows:
In the event of an investigation into illegal use of our app or legal proceedings, personal data will be transferred to the criminal investigation authorities and, where appropriate, to an aggrieved third party. Only when there are concrete indications of unlawful and/or abusive conduct , we will only do so. We can only transfer your personal data if it is used to enforce general business terms and conditions or other agreements. We are also legally obligated to provide information to certain public authorities.
Occasionally, we rely on contractually related external companies and external service providers to provide services, such as providing advertising measures (only if you have your prior express consent), processing payments (PayPal, credit cards, etc.), storing your Data and customer service. In this case, information is passed on to these companies or individuals to enable them to further process this information. We carefully select these external service providers and review them regularly to ensure that your Privacy is protected. Service providers may only use data for the purposes specified by us.
Cookies
Our application stores so-called "cookies" in order to be able to provide you with a wide range of functions and to make it easier to use our products. "Cookies" are stored on your computer with the help of your Internet browser Small files on your computer. If you do not want to use "cookies", you can prevent "cookies" from being stored on your computer using the appropriate settings on your Internet browser. Please note that this may limit the functional scope of our products and functional scope.
We use cookies and similar technologies for a variety of purposes, including:
Storing your preferences and settings: The settings that enable our website to function properly or maintain your preferences over time may be stored on your device.
Login and Authentication: When you log in to the website, we store a unique ID number and the time you logged in in an encrypted cookie on your device. Using this cookie, you can log in again without having to log in on each page. Move between pages within the site.
Security: We use cookies to detect fraud and abuse of our website.
Analytics: In order to provide our products, we use cookies and other identifiers to collect usage and performance data. For example, we use cookies to count the number of unique visitors to a web page or service and to develop other statistics about the operation of our products.
Performance: Our application uses cookies for load balancing to ensure our website remains functional.
3. Personal information collected and used in the app
We will follow the principles of legitimacy, lawfulness, and necessity to collect and use the personal information you voluntarily provide during the use of the product (or service) based on the following functions and services.
Register an account
When you register and log in to your account, you need to provide them separately according to the following registration methods:
Register with email: email address, and set a password
Focus To-Do also provides local mode without registering an account. If you choose not to register an account, you will not be able to sync your task data between multiple devices, and once you uninstall the app, your local mode task data will be lost.
Application feature
1) Sync task data
Once you register an account and create lists, tasks and other data in your account, in order for you to properly and completely synchronize data between devices, you need to allow us to collect:
Your projects, folders, tags
Your task title, task content, task priority, task due date (or time period), task reminder time, task repetition rule, task label, task estimated Pomodoro, task actual Pomodoro
The above information is only used to synchronize your list and task data between devices, we will not read your list and task content.
2) Check statistics and updates
You query task statistics and focus time statistics in the app. In order to ensure that you can view data statistics and task change history normally in the app, the information we may collect includes:
The time you created the task, the time you completed the task
When you harvested tomatoes
3) Ranking
If you use the leaderboard function in the app, we may meet the mobile terminal information including:
The sum of your total focus time
4) * ANDROID ID
Get the AES Key generated for encryption, used to encrypt the content of the user profile
5) SDK used by Android app
* Tencent bugly: Collect app crash information to fix product bugs.
* Alipay payment: Collect payment-related registration information, account information, and other personal information related to payment scenarios, and provide these necessary information to Alipay during the payment process.
* WeChat Payment: Collect network status, device information, and provide these necessary information to WeChat during the payment process.
* Firebase Statistics: Collect device model, application version, and application crash information to fix product bugs.
6) Others
You can choose to provide us with and allow us to collect the following information by improving your personal data: avatar, nickname. These information are not necessary to use various business or system functions, and we will not force you to provide this information. Rejection will not adversely affect the use of the app.
Permissions that will be applied in the app
We need to apply for some system permissions involving personal privacy to ensure that certain functions in the app can be used normally. We will apply for authorization from you when you use these functions, and we will only access your personal information after obtaining your authorization. Information. If you do not need to use these functions, you can refuse the authorization; if you have never used these functions, we will not apply for permission from you and will not access your personal information.
The permissions we will apply for and the functions corresponding to these permissions include:
* Allow writing to external storage: When you save attachments in a task to your phone, we will apply for this permission. After authorization, you can download the attachments in the task to your phone locally
* Allow access to camera: When you set your account avatar, we will apply for this permission. After obtaining authorization, you can take pictures and use the picture as your avatar. Of course, you can refuse, which will not affect the normal use of the app
4. Data storage and deletion
Delete data
If your data is no longer needed for the above-mentioned purposes, you can delete it. If you want to delete all data, you can delete it permanently in the application user information interface. After the data is deleted, the previous data will no longer be available.
Delete account
If the user needs to delete the account, he or she can delete it permanently on the user information page of the application. After the account is deleted, the user will no longer be able to log in with the account, and will no longer be able to obtain the previous account data.
Data storage location
The personal information we collect and generate in this product and service will be stored in the People's Republic of China.
Data retention period
If the user deletes the account, the data will be deleted immediately; if app stops operating due to poor management, we will stop receiving and saving new data, notify the user that app will soon stop operating, and delete all data after notifying the user.
5. Policy Update
Precedence
This privacy policy is for the application software that focuses on the list application and the related services it provides. If there is any inconsistency between this privacy policy and the privacy policy of Tomato Software Technology Co., Ltd., this privacy policy shall prevail; if this privacy policy does not include (agreement) ), the content contained (agreed) in the Tomato Software Technology Co., Ltd. Privacy Policy shall prevail
Amendments to this Privacy Policy
The company reserves the right to update this statement at any time. When the statement is revised, we will inform you of the changed statement through a pop-up window or notification. If you continue to use our services, it is deemed that you agree to our changed statement. Privacy Policy, we will collect, use and store your personal information in accordance with the updated statement.
6. Contact us
If you have any questions, comments or suggestions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
Email: focustodo@163.com
Updated: June 24, 2021
Effective date: June 24, 2021