Home
Privacy Policy
You’re trusting us with some of your cherished photos, so of course you want to be sure that we’re looking after your information properly. Our privacy policy sets out exactly how we collect, store and use information about you, but here’s the summary in plain English: we promise that we will never share your personal information and photos, without your consent.
It’s that simple.
We use the information you give us to process your order, to make sure the app works for you and to occasionally get in touch via email to let you know about new features or updates to the app. Another comforting thought? Your content is stored in a secure online environment.
If you have any questions about our privacy policy, don’t hesitate to contact us.
PRIVACY AND COOKIES — THE LEGAL STUFF
Get Printastic Limited (“We”; “Us”) is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy sets out the basis on which any data We collect from you, or that you provide to Us, will be processed by Us. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how We will treat it.
DATA CONTROLLER
For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1998 (the “Act”), the Data Controller is Get Printastic Limited (Company Registration 10024561) having its registered address at 16 Bowling Green Lane, London, England, EC1R 0BD.
INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT FROM YOU
We may collect and process the following data about you:
(a) information that you provide when you use our App. This includes information provided at the time you register to place an order on the App, content made available by you at any time while you are creating a photo book;
(b) information that you provide to Us when you report a problem with the App;
(c) information collected automatically when you use the App, such as your device identifier (but not the UDID), MAC address, Internet Protocol (IP) address (if using a browser), operating system, the browser type, the address of a referring site and your activity on the App;
(d) if you contact Us by telephone or in writing, We may keep a copy of that correspondence or communication.
If you have provided Us with the personal data of another person, you confirm that he/she consents to the processing of his/her personal data and that you have informed him/her of our identity as a Data Controller and provided him/her with a copy of this Privacy Policy and our Terms and Conditions.
IP ADDRESSES
We may collect information about your mobile phone, computer or other device from which you access the App including where available your IP address, operating system and browser type, for systems administration and management. This is statistical data about our users’ browsing actions and patterns, and does not identify any individual. We may, however, use such information in conjunction with the data we have about you in order to track your usage of our services.
PROTECTION AND RETENTION OF YOUR INFORMATION
We take appropriate measures to ensure that any information collected from you is kept secure and kept only for so long as is necessary for the purpose for which such information is used.
USES MADE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We use information held about you in the following ways:
(a) to provide our services or information you request, and to process and complete any transactions;
(b) to respond to your emails, submissions, questions, comments, requests, and complaints and provide customer service;
(c) to monitor and analyze usage and trends, and to personalize and improve the App and your experiences when you use the App, such as providing features that match your profile or interests, and to increase the functionality and user friendliness of our services;
(d) to send you confirmations, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages and otherwise facilitate your use of, and our administration and operation of, our services;
(e) to notify you about changes to our services;
(f) to provide you with any other information that We feel maybe of use or interest to you; and
(g) any other purpose for which the information was collected.
We will not share your data with third parties for marketing purposes unless We have procured your express consent to do so.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We may disclose your personal information to any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries as defined in section 1159 of the UK Companies Act 2006.
We will not share the personal information we have collected from you, except as described below:
(a) with service providers who are working with Us in connection with the operation of our site or our services (these service providers have access to your personal information only to perform services on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose it or use it for any other purposes);
(b) we may share aggregated information and non-identifiable information with third parties for industry analysis, demographic profiling and other similar purposes;
(c) when you give Us your consent to do so, including if we notify you that the information you provide will be shared in a particular manner and you provide such information;
d) when we believe in good faith that we are lawfully authorized or required to do so or that doing so is reasonably necessary or appropriate to comply with the law or legal processes or respond to lawful requests or legal authorities, including responding to lawful subpoenas, warrants or court orders;
(e) in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition, or in any other situation where personal information may be disclosed or transferred as one of our business assets; and
(f) to protect the rights, property or safety of Get Printastic Limited, our users or others.
Where any of our service providers are located outside the EEA, we have appropriate protection in place to safeguard your information, in accordance with the Act.
YOUR RIGHTS
You will receive emails from Us, about your account, our services and other pertinent information related to our services. These communications are considered part of the service and your account, which you cannot opt-out from receiving.
The Act gives you the right to access information held about you. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with the Act. Any access request may be subject to a reasonable administrative fee to meet our costs in providing you with details of the information We hold about you.
Our App may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that We do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
Any changes We may make to our Privacy Policy in the future will be posted on this page and on our App.
CONTACT
Questions, comments and requests regarding this Privacy and Cookies are welcomed and should be addressed to
info@getprintastic.com
.
Effective: February 2015