We're sorry but jutiful doesn't work properly without JavaScript enabled. Please enable it to continue.
JUTIFUL PRIVACY POLICY
JUTIFUL LIMITED
(we)
are committed to protecting your personal data and respecting your privacy.
INTRODUCTION
This Policy applies to the information we may collect through your use of the jutiful.com (the Website) and through e-mail communications between you and JUTIFUL LIMITED.
This Policy shall come into effect at the moment you first access the Website or start an e-mail communication and sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or provided by you, if it takes place, will be processed by us. By accessing, browsing or using the Website and/or starting an e-mail communication, you irrevocably and unconditionally accept and adhere to the provisions of this Policy without any exemptions, limitations and/or exclusions. Please read the following carefully to understand our practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
If you access the Website or start an e-mail communication on behalf of a business (whether registered or operating without registration), that business hereby accepts this Policy.
This Policy does not apply to your use of our or our affiliates’ websites, where the relevant Privacy Policy is applicable.
In case of disagreement with any of the Privacy Policy provision or failure to provide a consent for personal data processing, your using of the Website should be terminated as promptly as practicable.
IMPORTANT INFORMATION AND WHO WE ARE
JUTIFUL LIMITED is the controller and is responsible for the collection, processing, and use of your personal data through the Website usage and communication via e-mail (collectively referred to as “Company”, “we”, “us” or “our” in this policy).
Contact details
Full name of legal entity: Jutiful Limited
Email address:
contact@jutiful.com.
Postal address: Office 3.05 1 King Street, London, England, EC2V 8AU
For any questions about privacy in connection with the Website usage, you can always contact us by submitting a request using the above-mentioned contact information. If you submit a support request, we may receive your email address and other information you provide related to your support request (“Support Information”). We use Support Information only.
Changes to the privacy policy and your duty to inform us of changes
We keep our privacy policy under regular review.
JUTIFUL LIMITED reserves the right, at the sole discretion, to change or modify these Privacy Policy at any time. If we do this, we will post the changes on this page and will indicate at the top of this page the date these terms were last revised.
This Privacy Policy is effective as of the date on which it is made available on the site and is effective as of 13
th
September 2021.
Contact details
The Website doesn’t contain any third-party advertising banners, but they may contain information about our other applications, features, components and/or services created, developed and distributed by JUTIFUL LIMITED (hereinafter – “JUTIFUL Products”) with links to such products (either to Google Play, App Store or Amazon).
The Website may contain external links to our pages on the App Store, Google Play, Facebook, Instagram, YouTube channel, Twitter or Amazon
This Policy does not extend to the use of tracking technologies by third parties. The Website may contain links, content or advertising, to other websites by third parties, including advertisers, ad networks and servers, content providers, and application providers, that could possibly use cookies or other tracking technologies to collect information about you while using the services. The information collected by third parties may be associated with your personal information or they may collect information about your online activities over time and across different websites. Please be kindly informed that we do not control these third parties' tracking technologies or when and how they may be used. Therefore, JUTIFUL LIMITED does not claim nor accept responsibility for any privacy policies, practices, or procedures of any third party. We encourage you to read the privacy statements and terms and conditions of linked or referenced websites you enter. If you have any questions about an advertising or other targeted content, you should contact the responsible provider as promptly as practicable.
THE DATA WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
We understand the importance of our users’ personal data, and more importantly the information pertaining to children under 18 years of age (for the purpose of the U.K. DPA).
We do not collect or require users to enter their personal information when they use the Website.
While communicating with JUTIFUL LIMITED via e-mail, the information given by you is received, which is described in further details below.
(a) Information given by you:
We collect personal information that you knowingly choose to disclose. This may include:
Personal Information.
Personal information, such as your name, e-mail address, and any other information you directly provide us in the e-mail.
Email Correspondences.
Records and copies of your email messages together with your email address and our responses, if you communicate with us through email.
We do not collect any other information
When you use The Website we don’t require you to provide any information and data about you or your device, except for nonpersonal information that necessary for initialization and work of The Website.
We may offer for you any paid services or features within The Website and Jutiful Products. In all such cases, if they are available, you make payments for our offers via services and features provided and supported by Apple and Google. They directly process and collect your payment data according to your agreement with them with respect to your usage of their respective services and features. We do not collect any your payment data and do not authorize or instruct Apple or Google to collect and store such data on our behalf or in our favor.
In some cases, our Apps provide you with ability to indicate some personal data of your child like name or full name and age or make a photo. In each such cases we do not collect and store such data. This information is recorded on your devices only, where Apps have been installed. This data will be irrevocably deleted upon uninstallation or deleting our Apps from your device.
We don’t collect any other personal data, including automatically collected information except as explained above. We do not share such information with third parties.
We do not collect any Special Categories of Personal Data about you (this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health, and genetic and biometric data). Nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.
Also, JUTIFUL LIMITED doesn’t use or collect a user’s precise geographic, statistical, or other aggregate information location.
HOW IS YOUR PERSONAL DATA COLLECTED?
The information is collected through e-mail communication with you.
We do not collect any other information, except your e-mail and name.
We don’t collect any other personal data, except as explained above. We do not share such information with third parties.
We do not collect any Special Categories of Personal Data about you (this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health, and genetic and biometric data). Nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.
HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We will only use your personal data, if we collect it as describe above, when the law allows us to do so. Most commonly we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:
(a) Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.
Legitimate interests means the interest of our business in conducting and managing our business to enable us to give you the best version of every Jutiful product and the best and most secure experience. We make sure we consider and balance any potential impact on you (both positive and negative) and your rights before we process your personal data for our legitimate interests. We do not use your personal data for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law). You can obtain further information about how we assess our legitimate interests against any potential impact on you in respect of specific activities by contacting us.
(b) Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation.
We may process a user’s data if it is required by the law that applies to us. For example, we may provide data on users at the request of courts or other authorized bodies or when collection and identification are required by the legislation on financial monitoring and prevention of money laundering or by other applicable laws.
(c) Where you have consented before the processing.
We rely solely upon the user's consent when using personal user data for the purpose of displaying targeted advertising, marketing and promotional mailing, or for other purposes for which a specific user’s consent must be granted.
HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION
We take appropriate technical and organizational security measures to protect your data against any accidental or intentional manipulation, partial or total loss, destruction or against unauthorized access by third parties. Our security measures are continuously improved in line with technological developments.
Although we take precautions intended to help protect the personal information that we collect and process, no system or electronic data transmission is completely secure. Any transmission of your personal information is at your own risk and we expect that you will use appropriate security measures to protect your personal information.
We may suspend your use of the Website without notice if we suspect or detect any breach of security. You understand and agree that we may deliver electronic notifications about breaches of security to the email address that you provided to us.
LEGAL RIGHTS AND WITHDRAWAL
This Policy is based on several data protection laws, including:
the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003
the Data Protection Act 2018
General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679
According to the above-mentioned data protection laws, you have the following rights:
Request access
to your personal data (commonly known as a “data subject access request”). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
Request correction
of the personal data that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us.
Request erasure
of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have successfully exercised your right to object to processing (see below), where we may have processed your information unlawfully or where we are required to erase your personal data to comply with local law. Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request.
Object to processing
of your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your rights and freedoms.
Request restriction
of processing of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data in the following scenarios:
(a) if you want us to establish the data’s accuracy;
(b) where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it;
(c) where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; or
(d) you have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it.
Request the transfer
of your personal data to you or to a third party. We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you.
Withdraw consent
at any time where we are relying on consent to process your personal data. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.
You also have the right to ask us not to continue to process your personal data for marketing purposes.
If you would like to exercise any of these rights at any time, please contact us at
contact@jutiful.com.