Crazy Labs Apps – Privacy Policy
FOR PRIVACY POLICY IN EEA CLICK HERE
FOR THE SUPER STYLIST PRIVACY POLICY CLICK HERE
Last Revised: December 24th
, 2024
Crazy Labs Ltd., its subsidiaries and affiliates (“
Company
” or “
we
””) respects the privacy of the users (“
User
” or “
you
”) of the mobile applications we distribute (“
Apps
”) and are committed to protect Users’ information. We believe you have a right to know our practices regarding information we may collect and use when you use our Apps.
IMPORTANT – we operate Apps for all ages:
(i) Apps distributed within our developer account under the brand “Crazy Labs” that do not include an age-gate and are intended for general audiences (“
Crazy Labs Apps
”), which are subject to our Crazy Labs Privacy Policy (defined below).
(ii) Apps distributed within our other developer accounts (except for Crazy Labs account) that do not include an age-gate and are treated as primarily directed at children (“
Children Apps
”), which are subject to our Children Privacy Policy (defined below).
(iii) Apps that include an age-gate and are not primarily directed at children but may appeal to them. Users of such Apps who indicate they are under the age of sixteen (16) are subject to our Children Privacy Policy, and Users of such Apps who indicate they are over the age of sixteen (16) are subject to our Crazy Labs Privacy Policy.
By “
Children Privacy Policy
” we refer to our privacy practices and principles described in
Chapters A and C
below. By “
Crazy Labs Privacy Policy
” we mean our privacy practices and principles described in
Chapters B and C
below.
Note that the “Children Privacy Policy” (Chapter A below) and the “Crazy Labs Privacy Policy” (Chapter B below), and each together with Chapter C detailed below, shall be referred to collectively as “this Privacy Policy”.
Capitalized terms not defined in this Privacy Policy shall have the meaning given to them to them in our Apps terms of use available at:
https://crazylabs.com/atou
(“TOU“).
1. Your consent (important, please read carefully!)
BY INSTALLING THE APPS ON YOUR MOBILE DEVICE, ENTERING INTO, CONNECTING TO, ACCESSING AND/OR USING THE APPS, YOU AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY, INCLUDING TO THE POSSIBLE COLLECTION AND PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION. PLEASE NOTE: IF YOU OR, AS APPLICABLE, YOUR LEGAL GUARDIAN, DISAGREE TO ANY TERM PROVIDED HEREIN, YOU MUST NOT INSTALL, ACCESS AND/OR USE THE APPS AND YOU ARE REQUESTED TO PROMPTLY ERASE ALL OUR APPS FROM YOUR MOBILE DEVICE.
If you are under the age of eighteen (18), please ensure that your legal guardian has reviewed and agreed to this Privacy Policy.
Chapter A: Children Privacy Policy
This Children Privacy Policy is designated to provide you with guidance regarding our privacy practices and principles with respect to collecting, using and disclosing personal information regarding children using our Children Apps and Users who indicate at an age-gate in our Apps that they are under 16. For the purposes of Chapter A, the term “Children Apps” will include the age-gated section of Apps accessible only to Users indicating they are under 16, and “children” will include Users indicating at an age-gate that they are under 16. We do not knowingly collect any personal information from children other than as expressly specified in Sections 3.2 and 3.3 below.
We hereby prohibit children from actively and directly providing us with any personal information other than as specified in Section 3.3 below. If you are a legal guardian of a child and believe your child has provided us with any personal information, please contact us at privacy@crazylabs.com and we will delete such information from our servers.
We may collect and maintain the information described in Section 3, directly or through certain products or services, solely for providing support for our internal operations as permitted under applicable laws and rules (described in greater detail below).
Third party providers of certain products or services operating on our behalf, such as advertising providers, tracking services, analytics services etc.
(“Third Parties”)
may passively collect and maintain information about Users. Such Third Parties are carefully selected to ensure compliance with applicable privacy laws, and we confirm that they are compliant with the
US Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998
, and the rules promulgated by the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) under that Act, including but not limited to the
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Rule 16 C.F.R. Part 312
)
(“COPPA”)
, this Privacy Policy and the rules, policies and guidelines of the applicable Platform Provider (such as Google) in performance of their services .
Such Third Parties are included in a list at:
https://crazylabs.com/3rdp
. Any question about Third Parties’ privacy practices and policies should be directed to our Privacy Policy Administrator by e-mail to:
privacy@crazylabs.com
. We will forward your inquiry to the applicable Third Party and make an effort to provide you with such Third Party’s response within a reasonable time frame.
We include an age-gate in certain Apps to prevent access to specific features to Users who indicate they are under the age of 16 for their protection (e.g. restricting behavioral advertising or information sharing by children).
2. Offline Use
We allow an offline use (without Internet connection and without GPS enablement) of some features of our Children Apps. Offline use of Children Apps will preclude collection by us and/or Third Parties of any information pertaining to the User and its use of the Children Apps.
3. Online Use
There are three types of data and information which may be collected from Users of our Children Apps:
3.1 Non-personal Information
: We and our Third Parties may passively collect non-identifiable and anonymous information as detailed below (
“Non-personal Information”
). To put it simply, with respect to such children Non-personal Information, we and our Third Parties are not aware of the identity of the User from whom children Non-personal Information has been collected. Children Non-personal Information collected by us or our Third Parties may include technical information such as: type and version of operating system (e.g. Android, iOS, etc.), User session ID, time zone, session start / stop time, source of traffic (e.g. which ads, sites, applications and campaigns a User came from and associated revenue), App version, language (e.g. English), device type/model (e.g. Galaxy, iPhone, etc.), data regarding User behavior within Children Apps (e.g. ad impressions, User’s response to ads, including ads viewed or clicked), User’s in-app purchases including data regarding receipt validation, User’s gameplay (e.g. level reached, frequency and time spent in the Children App and in each level, game progress, fail rate, mini game(s) played, virtual currency (if any) collected or earned, virtual inventory items (if any), tools and in-app functionalities used, screens accessed, User retention, performance errors and problems (e.g. Children Apps’ stability, crashes, functioning, etc.), and other predefined events and behavior relating thereto (e.g. if User viewed a specific ad and other game play events, time of the event, internet connectivity (Wi-Fi, 3G), device time zone, etc.), our other installed Apps, User age-related information (if a User passes an age-gate i.e. if the User is below or above the age of 13 or the minimum age of majority), and geo-location – only at a country. It is hereby clarified that no street name is collected.
3.2 Children’ Persistent Device Identifier and No Other children personal identifiable information:
We and Third Parties may passively collect a persistent device identifier from children, such as advertising identifier (IDFA, Advertising ID), randomly generated User ID and IP address (
“Children Persistent Device Identifier”
). This is processed for the limited purposes of supporting the internal operations of the Children Apps. We do not collect and do not permit Third Parties to collect from children any information that may personally identify an individual (e.g. name, address, e-mail) or any other personally identifiable information of a private and/or sensitive nature about children. We note that we may collect, use and provide access to the User’s advertising identifier in accordance with the applicable platform provider’s policies.
We do not link any additional personally identifiable information to the Children Persistent Device Identifier, even from other services.
We do not collect or process any financial or payment information, any government identification numbers, any non-public phonebook or contact information, or any sensitive device data concerning children.
3.3 Information gathered through “Support” type of a request:
If a child e-mails a question to our support team, we may respond to such question by using the child’s e-mail address. Promptly after responding (or, at our discretion, not responding) to such question, we will delete the child’s e-mail address.
Purpose of the collection:
The information described above is collected and processed solely for the purpose of supporting our internal operations. This means the following:
providing and improving Children Apps as well as ensuring proper functioning of the Apps and services;
delivering, maintaining, administering, analyzing or supporting the functioning of Children Apps and services;
authenticating purchases by Users in the app stores (to provide in-app purchases);
personalizing content and enhancing User experience;
performing network communications;
protecting the security or integrity of Users, Children Apps and services;
serving contextual advertisements;
capping the frequency of advertising;
ensuring legal or regulatory compliance;
fulfilling a User’s request under Section 3.3.
The collection and/or processing in connection with these purposes will be performed as permitted under applicable laws and rules.
How is the Information about our Users of Children Apps being collected?
The Non-personal Information and Children Persistent Device Identifier are collected either by us or our Third Parties through the Users’ use of Children Apps, including through Third Parties’ SDKs embedded in our Children Apps. Non-personal Information and Children Persistent Device Identifier may also be stored locally on the Users’ device via generally accepted industry technologies used within Children Apps, such as “cookies-like technology” and local storage (see Section 17 below for further details on Cookies and Local Storage).
If Third Parties collect Non-personal Information, Children Persistent Device Identifier and/or any other information directly from children, such collection and processing is governed by such Third Parties’ privacy policies and not by this
Privacy Policy
. However, all Third Parties are carefully selected to ensure compliance with applicable privacy laws, and we confirm that they are compliant with COPPA, this Privacy Policy and the rules, policies and guidelines of the applicable Platform Provider in performance of their services.
In addition to the processing of information described in this policy, some of our Apps may also access Personal and Non-personal Information but without Crazy Labs carrying out any processing.  In these cases, an App may access the information but it is not transmitted outside of your device and Crazy Labs does not collect or use it in any way. An App may access information in this way in order to provide functionality necessary for particular features of the App.
Face Manipulation feature.
Some Apps may include a functionality which allows you to take a picture or create a video using your camera and microphone. Some Apps may allow Users to apply filters or edit photos and videos created via the App and use them within the App (for example to add to a simulated ‘social media feed’ in the App). This functionality is optional and you can always use the App without it. If you use this feature then you will need to grant the App permission to access your device’s camera and microphone (which can be revoked at any time through your device’s settings and its revocation will not affect your use of the App). Photos and Videos created via the App will be automatically saved in the App’s gallery and will be retained until you delete them from the App gallery or uninstall the App. You may also save these photos or videos in your device’s gallery, if you grant the App permission to approach it, and they will be retained there until you delete them from the device’s gallery. The App does not collect any face data, and the photos and videos that you create are restricted to the App, locally stored and are not transmitted to the Company’s servers and are not used or accessed by the Company. The App does not grant access to, share  or disclose to any third party any of the photos and videos you create via the App, but Users who are 16 years old or older may share such photos and videos from within the App via the device operating system’s share functionality. Such sharing will be governed by the policies of the applicable Social Network or third party Platform.
4. Sharing children information with third parties
We may share the Children Persistent Device Identifier only in limited cases, including the following:
to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process, subpoena or governmental request;
to enforce this Children Privacy Policy or the Terms of Use, including investigation of potential violations thereof;
to detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues;
to protect the rights, property, or personal safety of the Company, its Users, suppliers, licensors, and/or licensees, or the general public;
when the Company is undergoing any change in control, including by means of merger, acquisition or purchase of all or substantially all of the assets of Company, in which case it may also be disclosed, transferred and/or assigned; and/or
pursuant to the approval of a child’s legal guardian, in order to supply certain services that such legal guardian or the User of Children Apps may have requested from the Company.
To clarify, we may transfer and disclose Children Non-personal Information to third parties at our discretion.
5. Advertising
We accept ads from Third Party ad networks which may be displayed in Children Apps. These Third Parties ad networks are carefully selected to ensure compliance with applicable privacy laws, and we confirm that they are compliant with COPPA, this Privacy Policy and the rules, policies and guidelines of the applicable Platform Provider. Note that if the User of Children Apps clicks on any of these ads, the User will leave our Children Apps and go to the advertisers’ site which the User selected, and the advertisers may use cookies and other tracking technologies to collect Non-personal Information and/or children personally identifiable information. We recommend that children and their legal guardians review the terms of use and privacy policies of these advertisers. Their privacy policy, not ours, will apply to any of those interactions. We may also promote Children Apps in Third Parties’ applications and platforms.
In addition, we may advertise our other Apps within Children Apps. Such ads are not directed towards specific Users but are rather broadly posted onto random Apps.
6. Additional Terms and Conditions
See further terms and conditions which also apply to Users of Children Apps in Chapter C below: “Terms and Conditions Common to Both Children Privacy Policy and Crazy Labs Privacy Policy”.
Chapter B: Crazy Labs Apps Privacy Policy
This Crazy Labs Privacy Policy is designated to provide you with guidance regarding our privacy practices and principles with respect to collecting, using and disclosing personal information regarding Users of our Crazy Labs Apps and Users who indicate at an age gate in our Children Apps that they are above the age of 16. For the purposes of Chapter B, the term “Crazy Labs Apps” will include the age-gated section of Apps accessible only to Users indicating they are above the age of 16.
7. Which information may be processed from Users of our Crazy Labs Apps?
There are two types of information which may be processed about Users of our Crazy Labs Apps:
7.1 Non-personal Information.
Non-identifiable and anonymous information (“Non-personal Information”) may be collected, stored and/or processed by us and/or third party providers of certain products and services, such as ad networks, analytics, etc. (“Third Party(ies)”). We and our Third Parties do not know the identity of the User from whom Non-personal Information has been collected. Non-personal Information is any information which is available to us and/or our Third Parties through use by Users of the Crazy Labs Apps. For details of the categories of data constituting Non-personal Information please refer to Section 3.1 above. Some jurisdictions consider this information to be personal information, for more detail about those areas see section 20.2 below.
7.2 Personal Information.
Individually identifiable information (“Personal Information”).
This information may identify an individual and/or may be of a private and/or sensitive nature.
We may collect and/or process, directly or through Third Parties, the following types Personal Information:
●  T
he User’s persistent device identifier such as advertising identifier (IDFA, Android Advertising ID, IDFV), IMEI and IP address
●  The user’s
randomly generated User ID created by us or our Third Parties.
●  Data we receive if you enable Third Parties’ tools with our Apps (such as
Game Center Features (defined in our TOU), when we will be provided with
access to the identifier number of the User’s Game Center account (i.e.
access token).
● The User’s e-mail address and other information the User chooses to provide
or we ask which are necessary to process support requests or enquiries
submitted to our support team.
We note that we may collect, use and provide access to the User’s advertising identifier in accordance with the applicable Platform Provider’s rules, policies and guidelines.
In addition, Third Parties may track and collect information regarding your on-line activities over time and across different online platforms (such as websites, applications, etc.). For more information regarding your ability to cease such tracking and collection, please see below Section 18.
To clarify, any Non-personal Information connected or linked to or associated with any Personal Information shall be deemed as Personal Information as long as such connection, linkage or association exists.
We do not collect or process any financial or payment information, any government identification numbers, any non-public phonebook or contact information, any microphone and camera sensor data, or any sensitive device data concerning Users.
In addition to the processing of information described in this policy, some of our Apps may also access Personal and Non-personal Information but without Crazy Labs carrying out any processing.  In these cases, the App may access the information but it is not transmitted outside of your device and Crazy Labs does not collect or use it in any way.  An App may access information in this way in order to provide functionality necessary for particular features of the App.
Face Manipulation feature.
Some Apps may include a functionality which allows you to take a picture or create a video using your camera and microphone. Some Apps may allow Users to apply filters or edit photos and videos created via the App and use them within the App (for example to add to a simulated ‘social media feed’ in the App). This functionality is optional and you can always use the App without it. If you use this feature then you will need to grant the App permission to access your device’s camera and microphone (which can be revoked at any time through your device’s settings and its revocation will not affect your use of the App). Photos and Videos created via the App will be automatically saved in the App’s gallery and will be retained until you delete them from the App gallery or uninstall the App. You may also save these photos or videos in your device’s gallery, if you grant the App permission to approach it, and they will be retained there until you delete them from the device’s gallery. The App does not collect any face data, and the photos and videos that you create are restricted to the App, locally stored and are not transmitted to the Company’s servers and are not used or accessed by the Company. The App does not grant access to, share  or disclose to any third party any of the photos and videos you create via the App, but Users who are 16 years old or older may share such photos and videos from within the App via the device operating system’s share functionality. Such sharing will be governed by the policies of the applicable Social Network or third party Platform.
8. How is the Information about Our Users collected?
8.1 Non-personal Information may be collected through your use of the Crazy Labs Apps.
In other words, when you are using a Crazy Labs App, we and our Third Parties are aware of it and may gather information relating to such usage, through the Crazy Labs Apps, APIs or SDKs embedded in our Crazy Labs Apps. In addition, local Non-personal Information may also be stored on your device via generally accepted industry technologies used within the Crazy Labs Apps, such as “cookies” and local storage (see Section 17 below for further details with respect to Cookies and Local Storage).
8.2 Personal Information which you provide us directly and/or through Third Parties via your installation and/or use of the Crazy Labs Apps or your behavior to ads inside such Apps.
This information is collected via the Crazy Labs Apps or such Third Parties’ APIs or SDKs embedded in our Crazy Labs Apps.  In addition, local Personal Information may also be stored on your device via generally accepted industry technologies used within the Crazy Labs Apps, such as “cookies” and local storage (see Section 17 below for further details about Cookies and Local Storage).
8.3 We collect Personal Information which you provide us voluntarily.
We collect Information which the User voluntarily provides through a support type of request.
9. What are the Purposes of the Collection of Information?
Non-personal Information is collected in order to:
Use it for statistical, analytical and research or business intelligence purposes (e.g., to track trends within our Crazy Labs Apps, for reports and for public relations purposes); and for customization, development and improvement of our Crazy Labs Apps (for example, analyzing and fixing of problems, frequency capping (limiting the number of times a specific advertisement is presented to the same mobile device), developing new offerings, providing better content, simplifying and improving the User experience including based on behavior and preferences shown by Users usage within the Crazy Labs Apps).
Measure traffic and usage on the Crazy Labs Apps.
Promote our Apps.
Personal Information is collected in order to:
Personalize and enhance the Users’ experience while using the Crazy Labs Apps.
Improve the Crazy Labs Apps.
Provide the Users with personalized content and information, including customized ads, interest-based ads, targeted ads, etc.
Enable certain ad serving features, such as frequency capping etc.
Deliver, maintain, administer and support the proper functioning of the Apps and services, respond to questions or requests
Enable certain functionalities available within the Apps, such as the Game Center Features
Provide Users with updated information regarding our products and services, including about competitions which we may hold.
To allow Users to participate in contests or other online game events and to publicly display achievements or statistical data (such as scores, rankings and achievements) that is generated through such User’s participation.
Authentication purposes including to verify clicks and/or installs, verify User’s identity for the purpose of dealing with inappropriate interactions of Users and/or fraudulent use of our Apps.
Measure reach and effectiveness of ad campaigns, to offer targeted ads, to personalize experience by showing ads for products and services that are more likely to appeal to the User (i.e. behavioral ads).
Any other purpose explained at the time of collection.
10. Sharing Information with other third parties
In addition to the sharing of Personal Information with Third Parties described in sections 7-9, we may share Personal Information in the following cases:
a. to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process, subpoena or governmental request;
b. to enforce this Privacy Policy and/or the TOU and other of our terms or policies, including investigation of potential violations of such policies;
c. to detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues;
d. to respond to claims that any content published on the Crazy Labs Apps violates any right of a third-party;
e. to protect the rights, property or personal safety of the Company, its Users, suppliers, licensors, licensees or the general public;
f. when the Company undergoes any change of control, including by means of merger, acquisition or purchase of all or substantially all of the assets of Company, in which case your Personal Information may also be disclosed, transferred and/or assigned;
g. pursuant to your explicit approval prior to the disclosure;
h. as part of a competition, receiving rewards or otherwise interact with our social media channels.
For clarify, we may transfer and disclose Non-personal Information to third parties at our discretion.
Please note that some of the Crazy Labs Apps may allow Users to create their own content, such as images, photos, videos and other material (for example, Face Manipulation feature)
(“User Generated Content”)
and may include a sharing feature which allows Users to share their User Generated Content with others. User Generated Content may include Personal Information. We do not access, use, collect or share this User Generated Content in any way. It is restricted to the specific App, stored locally on your device and is not transmitted to Crazy Labs servers. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR SHARING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION WITH OTHERS AND THAT YOU ARE DOING SO AT YOUR OWN RISK.
11. Advertisements
We accept ads in various formats (such as banners, interstitial, rewarded videos, etc.) from Third Party ad networks which may be displayed in our Crazy Labs Apps. These Third Party ad networks may collect and use: (i) information about your visits to Crazy Labs Apps in connection with such marketing, sales and advertising activities; and (ii) geographic tracking and carrier network preferences; (iii) information, such as age, gender and other information logged from your device to ensure that appropriate advertising is presented within the App, to calculate or control the number of views of an ad, to deliver ads relating to User’s interests and to measure the effectiveness of ad campaigns. The delivery of ads to you may be based on IP address, device identifiers and other Personal Information gathered during your use of the Crazy Labs Apps. You may also be presented with contextual or non-targeted ads, i.e. ads which are not directed towards specific Users but are rather broadly posted onto random Apps. If you chose to receive contextual or non-targeted ads only within our Apps, please be aware that you may still see some targeted ads served by third parties if you have separately (e.g. on that third party’s website or app) agreed to personalized advertising directly to those third parties. You can find the list of Third Parties ad networks providing services in relation to Crazy Labs Apps at:
https://crazylabs.com/3rdp
. Note that if you click on any of these ads, the advertisers may use cookies and other tracking technologies (such as tracking pixel agent or visitor identification technology, etc.) on your device to collect data regarding ad performance, your interaction with such ads and our Crazy Labs Apps and your interests (which may include, non-personal and/or personal information such as, device and network information, unique identifiers, gender, age and geo-location about you) in order to serve you ads, including targeted ads, and for the legitimate business interests of such Third Parties ad networks. We recommend that you review the terms of use and privacy policy of any third party advertisers with whom you are interacting before doing so. Their privacy policy, not ours, will apply to any of those interactions.
We may promote Crazy Labs Apps in Third Parties applications and platforms. In addition, we may, at our discretion, advertise our other Apps within the Crazy Labs Apps. Such advertisements are not directed towards specific Users but are rather broadly posted onto random Apps.
12. Using Game Center Features
Our Crazy Lab Apps may enable using certain Game Center Features (defined in our TOU). The Game Center Features are operated or allow for social integration with certain third party social networks or third party platforms (
“Platform”
).
The Game Center Features and Platforms are created and maintained by third parties who are not affiliated with and/or controlled by us. If you enable this integration, your use of the Game Center Features is subject to the terms of use and privacy policies of the applicable third party provider of the Platform (for example, Apple Game Center which terms are available at:
http://www.apple.com/legal/internet-services/itunes/gamecenter/us/terms.html
; Google Play Games which terms are available at:
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.play.games
. You should ensure that you read their terms of use and privacy policies to understand how they treat your information and to understand the methods for changing the privacy or sharing settings on such services. If you do not agree to the practices described in such terms you should not allow our Crazy Labs Apps to interact with such Platforms, however you may find that you are not able to enjoy all the features that may be made available by our Crazy Labs Apps. You understand that where you allow interaction with any third party Platform, we may share data about you with your contacts (and vice versa) in order that you may enjoy social elements. This data may include your scores and/or progress in our Crazy Labs Apps, your name, your social media profile picture and any test that you may upload.
By using the Game Center Features you hereby agree and understand that the applicable Platforms may collect certain Personal Information, such as your IP address, Non-personal Information and may set cookies and/or other tracking technologies to enable the functionality of the Game Center Features. The use of such features enables the sharing of information with your friends or the public, depending on the settings you establish with the third party that provides the Game Center Features. You hereby understand and agree that when you share content via Platforms your content may become public and any person may re-post-it.
13. Additional Terms and Conditions
See further terms and conditions which also apply to Users of the Crazy Labs Apps in Chapter C below: “Terms and Conditions Common to both Children Privacy Policy and Crazy Labs Apps Privacy Policy”.
Chapter C: Terms and Conditions Common to both Children Privacy Policy and Crazy Labs Apps Privacy Policy
14. Third Party Providers
When you use the Apps Third Parties may collect, store and/or process the information detailed in this Privacy Policy.
You may find the list of Third Parties at: . These Third Parties are carefully selected to
ensure that they, and their related entities who may access Your information, provide Your information with equal
protection to that stated in this Privacy Policy and required by applicable privacy laws and the Platform Providers’
rules, policies and guidelines. We use commercially reasonable efforts to engage with Third Parties that post a
privacy policy governing their collection, retention, processing and use of non-personal and personal information. For
further information regarding the collection, processing and usage of your information by the Third Parties, please
review their privacy policy practices.
15. The User’s compliance with Certain Additional Terms and Conditions
A User’s access to and use of the Apps (including use of Promotional Codes defined in TOU) may be subject to certain
third party terms and conditions and privacy policies, including but not limited to those of application stores,
mobile software platforms, Third Parties and payment providers. We do not exercise control of such third parties and
are not responsible for their privacy practices and their use of the Users’ personal information. You should review
the privacy policies of these third parties to learn how they may collect and use your Personal Information.
16. Links to third party sites
Certain links provided in the Apps through ads or otherwise permit Users to leave our Apps and enter third party
sites, products or services. These linked sites, products and services are not under our control . Most of such linked
sites, products and services provide legal documents, including terms of use and privacy policies, governing the use
of these sites. It is always advisable to read such documents carefully before using those sites and services so that
you know what kind of information they are collecting.
17. Cookies & Local Storage
When you access or use the Apps, we and/or our Third Parties may use industry-wide technologies such as “cookies”, web
beacons, tags and local storage (or other similar technologies), which store certain local information on your device
(“Local Storage”)
, to identify a User’s device and ‘remember’ things about the User which may enable automatic
activation of certain features (for example, if a User muted the sound within the App at a certain stage, this
preference will be stored in the cache on the device and maintained the next time the User accesses the App on his
device), monitoring of use of the Apps (counting Users who visit certain pages, use certain tools, viewed certain
advertisements), frequency capping (for example, if we promote another App, this ensures that we do not advertise the
same App more than a set number of times), to improve the quality of our services, measure ad performance, provide
relevant ads etc. and making the User’s App experience and usage simpler, more relevant, convenient and effortless.
Such information is locally stored in the User’s device. We and/or our Third Parties may access such information.
Third Parties may use both session cookies (which expire once you close the App) and persistent cookies (which stay on
the User’s device until he/she deletes them). Such Local Storage used by the Apps may store non-personal information
(such as the different pages viewed by a User within the App) as well as User persistent identifier and geo-location
data, which will be collected in accordance with the terms specified herein. It is easy to prohibit and/or delete the
Local Storage, including via uninstalling the App from your mobile device and/or through the Settings option of your
device. Most browsers and platforms will allow you to erase cookies from a device, block acceptance of cookies, or
receive a warning before a cookie is stored. In order to erase or disable the Local Storage option you may use the
settings option of your device or according to the specific instructions provided by the technology provider and/or
Third Parties privacy policies and terms of use. However, if you block or erase cookies, or change the settings of
your device, your App experience may be affected and may be limited.
18. “Do Not Track” and Opt-out of Certain Third Parties’ Interest-Based Services
A User may prevent or limit targeted advertising from device settings which may vary from device to device. You can
find the applicable settings for your device by following the instructions below. Please note that activation of any
applicable “Do-not-track” settings on the User’s mobile device or any other device-level setting opt outs for targeted
advertising, (to the extent such options exist) may not cease all tracking activities by our Third Parties’ service
providers.
If you would like to cease the tracking by third parties of your on-line activities over time and across different
online platforms (such as, websites, applications, etc.) and opt out of the use of your information for interest-based
and targeted advertising and/or other services by certain of our third party service providers, please visit the
privacy practices of such Third Parties and follow the instructions specified therein. You can see a list of our Third
Parties at with instructions on how to opt-out when available.
Electing to opt-out will not stop advertising from appearing in your browser or applications, but may make the ads
you see less relevant to your interests, and the companies you select may still collect information for other
purposes, such as research, analytics, and internal operations. In addition, if you use a different browser or erase
cookies from your browser, or use a different mobile device, you may need to renew your opt-out choice.
iOS Device
iOS device with iOS 7 or a newer version (up to iOS 14): go to Settings/Privacy/Advertising and select
resetting advertising identifier or limiting ad tracking setting.
iOS device with iOS 14 or a newer version: go to Settings/Privacy & Security/Tracking and disable tracking across all apps on your device or on a per App basis.
If you gave permission to be tracked in a particular App on a device with iOS 14 or a newer version, you can withdraw your tracking permission from device settings by tapping on the particular App and turning off Allow Tracking, or you can go to
Settings/Privacy & Security/Tracking and tap to turn off any App displayed in the list of apps that requested permission to
track you.
You can also limit targeted advertising by Apple within your device settings in Settings/Privacy/Apple Advertising
settings and tuning off Personalized Ads.
Android Device
Google Android device with Android 2.3 or a later version, go to Settings/Google/Ads enable “Opt Out of
Ads Personalization”.
If you have a device running on a recent version of Android 12 or a newer version, go to Settings/Google/Ads > “Delete advertising ID”, which will remove the identifier used for personalized ads altogether.
19. International Data Transfer
We may transfer (and store) information collected about you, including Personal Information, to affiliated entities,
or to other third party service providers across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or
jurisdictions around the world (all solely for legitimate business purposes). Please note that we may transfer such
information to a country and jurisdiction that does not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction,
wherever your Personal Information is transferred we will take reasonable steps to ensure the protection of your
Personal Information (such as making transfers subject to standard contractual terms or engaging with host providers
which are privacy-shield certified or offer an equivalent level of protection).  Where we receive requests for
information from law enforcement or regulators, we will carefully validate these requests before Personal
Information is disclosed. You can ask for more details of the steps we take by contacting us as set out in the “Got
Any Questions” section below. We will centralize all privacy-related decisions in (and the Personal Information may
be accessed from) countries that are declared as offering an adequate level of protection of personal data by the
European Commission.
20. California Privacy Rights
20.1 To the extent applicable, if you are a California resident under the age of 18 and a User, California Business
and Professions Code Section 22581 may permit you to remove content or Personal Information you have publicly
posted.  If you wish to remove such content or Personal Information and you specify which content or Personal
Information you wish to be removed, we will do so in accordance with applicable law.
Please be aware that after removal you will not be able to restore removed content. In addition, such removal does
not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or Personal Information you have posted and that there
may be circumstances in which the law does not require us to enable removal of content.
20.2  This section contains disclosures required by the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) and applies only to
“personal information” that is subject to the CCPA.
Personal Information We Collect, Disclose for a Business Purpose and Sell.  We collect the categories of personal
information about California consumers identified in the chart below.  As further set forth in the chart below, in
the past 12 months we have disclosed and “sold” (as defined in the CCPA) California consumers’ personal information
to third parties for business or commercial purposes.
Categories of Personal Information
Categories of sources from which information is collected
Business or commercial purposes for collection, use and sharing
Disclosed for business purposes to the following categories of third parties
Sold to the following categories of third parties
Personal and online identifiers (such as unique online identifiers, IP address)
Consumers
Marketing;
Advertising;
Authentication;
Identity resolution;
Fraud detection;
Fulfilment services; Facilitating transactions;
Auditing related to our interactions with you;
Legal compliance;
Detecting and protecting against security incidents, fraud, and illegal activity;
Debugging;
Performing services (for us or our service providers) such as account servicing, processing orders and
payments, and analytics;
Internal research for technological improvement;
Internal operations;
Activities to maintain and improve our services; and
Other one-time uses
Affiliates;
Service providers; and
Government agencies
Affiliates that are not under common branding;
Advertising/marketing companies;
Advertising networks;
Social networks
Internet or other electronic network activity information (such as interactions with an application, or
advertisement)
Consumers;
Service Providers;
Affiliates not under the Crazy Labs brand
Marketing;
Advertising;
Authentication;
Identity resolution;
Fraud prevention;
Fulfillment services; Facilitating transactions;
Auditing related to our interactions with you;
Legal compliance;
Detecting and protecting against security incidents, fraud, and illegal activity; Performing services (for
us or our service provider) such as account servicing, processing orders and payments, and analytics;
Internal research for technological improvement;
Internal operations;
Activities to maintain and improve our services; and
Other one-time uses
Affiliates;
Service providers; and
Government agencies
Affiliates that are not under common branding;
Advertising/marketing companies;
Advertising networks;
Social networks
Commercial or transactions information (such as records of personal property or products or services
purchased, obtained or considered; purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies)
Consumers;
Service Providers;
App store providers;
Affiliates not under the Crazy Labs brand
Fulfillment services; Facilitating transactions;
Auditing related to our interactions with you;
Debugging;
Performing services (for us or our service provider) such as account servicing, processing orders and
payments, and analytics;
Internal research for technological improvement;
Internal operations;
Activities to maintain and improve our services
Other one-time uses
Affiliates;
Service providers;App store providers; and
Government agencies
None
Geolocation information
Service Providers
Marketing;
Advertising;
Fulfillment services; Facilitating transactions;
Auditing related to our interactions with you;
Legal compliance;
Debugging;
Performing services (for us or our service provider) such as account servicing, processing orders and
payments, and analytics;
Internal research for technological improvement;
Internal operations;
Activities to maintain and improve our services; and
Other one-time uses
Affiliates;
Service providers;
and
Government agencies
Affiliates that are not under common branding;
Advertising/marketing companies;
Advertising networks;
Data analytics providers; and
Social networks
Inferences drawn from the above information about your predicted characteristics and preferences
Inferences drawn from the above information about your predicted characteristics and preferences
Consumers
Marketing;
Advertising;
Legal compliance;
Detecting and protecting against security incidents, fraud, and illegal activity;
Debugging;
Performing services (for us or our service provider) such as account servicing, processing orders and
payments, and analytics;
Internal research for technological improvement;
Internal operations;
Activities to maintain and improve our services; and
Other one-time uses
Affiliates;
and
Government agencies
Affiliates that are not under common branding
Your Rights Regarding Personal Information.
California residents have certain rights with respect to the
personal information collected by businesses.  If you are a California resident, you may exercise the following
rights regarding your personal information, subject to certain exceptions and limitations:
The right to know the categories and specific pieces of personal information we collect, use, disclose, and
sell about you, the categories of sources from which we collected your personal information, our purposes for
collecting or selling your personal information, the categories of your personal information that we have either
sold or disclosed for a business purpose, and the categories of third parties with which we have shared personal
information.
The right to request that we delete the personal information we have collected from you or maintain about you.
The right to opt out of our sale(s) of your personal information. Please note that if you opt out of certain
types of sales, we will be unable to provide you with the services that rely on such sales.
The right not to receive discriminatory treatment for the exercise of the privacy rights conferred by the
CCPA.
To exercise any of the above rights, please contact us by email to:
privacy@crazylabs.com
or online by using
this webform
and submit the required verifying information.
You may also exercise the right to opt out of our sale(s) of your personal information by clicking the “Do not sell
my Personal Info” button (or a similarly named option) available within the privacy settings of some of our Apps.
This will stop our sale of your personal information within such Apps. You will still receive advertising that helps
us provide our Apps to you.
If you reset your advertising identifier (IDFA, Advertising ID), your request to opt out of sale will not apply to
your new advertising identifier and you will need to select this setting again.
We do not sell the personal information of Users located in California who we know to be less than the age of 16.
Note that we may need to request additional information from you to verify your identity or understand the scope of
your request, although you will not be required to create an account with us to submit a request or have it
fulfilled. We will require you to provide, at a minimum information verifying your identity and providing the agent,
where applicable, with written permission to make the request for you. You may designate an authorized agent to make
a CCPA request on your behalf by completing this
form
and providing it to us.
21. Deletion and Modifications of Information
You or, as applicable, your legal guardian or agent, may request, by sending us an email to <privacy@crazylabs.com>,
the following:
a. to receive access to, amend, and/or delete your Personal Information and/or, as applicable, Children Persistent
Device Identifier, that we may hold, and/or that we cease collection or use of your Personal Information; and/or
b. that we request Third Parties who collected through the Apps the User’s Personal Information and/or, as applicable, the Children Persistent Device Identifier, to do the same. We will use reasonable efforts to ensure that such Third Parties do so, but we recommend you contact them directly in accordance with their privacy policies to ensure that your request is processed.
One Third Party we work with in relation to our apps is Admob. We cannot amend or delete your Personal Information collected and stored by AdMob, However, you may modify or delete any such information by utilizing the tools and instructions provided by AdMob. For details on how to do this, please refer to:
AdMob Privacy Policy
and
Google Partner Sites Policy
.
For some of our Apps we may develop in-app deletion request functionality which can be used by you in addition to
the address above.
After you have stopped using the Apps, we will retain User’s Personal Information, and, as applicable, Children
Persistent Device Identifier, collected through the use of the App for a reasonable period, as is necessary to
fulfil the purposes for which it was collected, as those are specified above, including to comply with our legal
or business requirements, to resolve disputes, prevent fraud, and/or to enforce these Terms and our agreements,
all as permitted under applicable privacy laws.
Personal Information that a User has shared using our Crazy Labs Apps via third party Platform cannot be amended or deleted by us, where such information is in the control of that  third party Platform. We note, however, that you can modify data that a Platform shares with us, or stop our Apps interacting with that Platform by adjusting your settings with that third party provider. However, should you choose to block such interaction, you may not be able to enjoy all the features of
our Apps. Aggregate and/or anonymous information may remain on our servers indefinitely.
In some of our Apps, game progress can be saved to your device’s cloud back up solution (iCloud or Google Drive). This action happens in your account and we do not have access to your account or the data stored within it. We cannot therefore delete this data as part of any deletion request. You will need to manually remove such data yourself from your cloud account.
22. Security
Security of your information is very important to us. We take reasonable measures to maintain the security and
integrity of our Apps and User information and prevent unauthorized access to it or use thereof through generally
accepted industry standard technologies and internal procedures. Please note, however, that there are inherent
risks in transmission of information over the Internet or other methods of electronic storage and we cannot
guarantee that unauthorized access or use will never occur. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW THE COMPANY
SHALL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE FOR UNAUTHORIZED DISCLOSURE OR ACCESS, HACKING, OR OTHER SECURITY INTRUSIONS OR
THE THEFT, ALTERATION, DELETION, CORRUPTION, DESTRUCTION, DAMAGE, OR LOSS OF ANY DATA OR INFORMATION INCLUDED IN
THE USER GENERATED CONTENT.
23. Changes to the Privacy Policy
The terms of this Privacy Policy will govern the use of the Apps and any information collected therein. We reserve
the right to change this policy at any time, so please re-visit this page frequently to check for any changes. In
case of any material change, we will make reasonable efforts to post a clear notice on the Apps and/or our website
at
. Such material changes will take effect five (5) days after such notice was provided on
our App and/or Site, whichever is the earlier. Otherwise, all other Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective
as of the stated “Last Revised” and your continued use of the Apps on or after the Last Revised date will
constitute acceptance of, and agreement to be bound by, those changes.
24. Got any Questions?
If you have any questions (or comments) concerning this Privacy Policy, you are most welcome to send us an email
to the following address: <privacy@crazylabs.com> and we will make an effort to reply within a reasonable
timeframe. You can also write to us at: Crazy Labs Ltd., 20th Floor, Azrieli Center Circular Tower, 132 Menachem
Begin Road, 6701101, Tel Aviv, Israel, or call at: +16826518773.
Games
Mobile Games
Console Games
Publishing
CrazyHubs
About CrazyHubs
Istanbul
Ho Chi Minh
Mumbai
Hyderabad
Tel Aviv
Novi Sad
Cape Town
Knowledge Spot
Careers
SUBMIT YOUR GAME
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.crazylabs.com/privacy-policy-eu/:
www.crazylabs.com
Verifying you are human. This may take a few seconds.
www.crazylabs.com needs to review the security of your connection before proceeding.
Verification successful
Waiting for www.crazylabs.com to respond...
Enable JavaScript and cookies to continue
Sub-policy 1
https://www.crazylabs.com/sst-app:
www.crazylabs.com
Verifying you are human. This may take a few seconds.
www.crazylabs.com needs to review the security of your connection before proceeding.
Verification successful
Waiting for www.crazylabs.com to respond...
Enable JavaScript and cookies to continue
Sub-policy 2
https://www.crazylabs.com/apps-privacy-policy/?swcfpc=1#_Chapter_A:_Kids:
www.crazylabs.com
Verifying you are human. This may take a few seconds.
www.crazylabs.com needs to review the security of your connection before proceeding.
Verification successful
Waiting for www.crazylabs.com to respond...
Enable JavaScript and cookies to continue
Sub-policy 3
https://policies.google.com/privacy:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your