Privacy Policy of the app
In the context of using this app, no personal data will be processed by us as the person responsible for the data processing.
In the following, we will inform you about which data is involved in the anonymous processing and how they are processed and what rights you are entitled to in this regard.
1) Name and contact details of the responsible entity and the DPO
This data protection information applies to data processing in the context of the use of our App by the responsible person:
Innervate UG(haftungsbeschränkt) & Co. KG
Cheruskerring 56
48147 Münster
Deutschland
E-Mail:
privacy@innervate.de
Our official data protection officer(DPO) is reachable under the above listed address, c/o DPO or via mail
privacy@innervate.de
If you have any questions about data protection law or your rights, you can contact our DPO at any time.
2) Permissions of the App
The App may require permissions.
On iOS, you are explicitly asked to give the app certain permissions, so you can make a decision right at that time.
3) Evaluation of usage data / app crashes (Crashlytics)
Anonymized usage data is evaluated for safe operation and further development of the app. However, this data can not be linked to your identity. We have no ability to associate this information with you, and we do not aggregate that information with other data sources.
Crashlytics collects only the following data for quality assurance:
Name of the current view
Date and time of the problem
Error code, if any
Anonymized device information (device model, iOS version, app version etc.)
The integration is based on your explicit consent in accordance with. Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. a and Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f DSGVO. It is done to make the app more user-friendly and crash-proof. This is a legitimate interest to see in the sense of the above provision.
4) Transfer of data to third parties
Data that has been logged during the use of the app are only transmitted to third parties, insofar as required by law, determined by a court decision or the disclosure in case of attacks on the Internet infrastructure for legal or criminal prosecution is required , A transfer for other non-commercial or commercial purposes is not.
5) Up-to-dateness and change of this data protection information
This data protection information is currently valid and has the status of January 2019. Due to the further development of our website and offers or due to changed legal or regulatory requirements, it may be necessary to change this privacy policy. The current data protection information can always be found on the website at
https://www.innervate.de/imprint_app.html
to be viewed and / or printed by you.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.innervate.de/privacy@innervate.de:
Not Found
The requested URL was not found on this server.