Privacy Policy
Effective Date: January 1, 2015.
GamesThatWork takes your privacy seriously. Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy. By using or accessing the Brush Up™ application, the Brush Up™ website, the GamesThatWork™ website, or any other related Services, you acknowledge that you accept the practices and policies outlined in this Privacy Policy. Be aware that your use of these Services is also subject to the Terms of Use.
What Does This Privacy Policy Cover?
This Privacy Policy covers our treatment of personally identifiable information ("Personal Information") that we gather when you access our websites and when you use our Services. This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that we do not own or control, nor to individuals that we do not employ or manage.
Children Under the Age of 13
GamesThatWork requires a parent or legal guardian to register for and manage the account that provides access to additional online Brush Up™ Services. We do not knowingly solicit or accept permission to collect personal information from anyone under the age of 13. If you are under 13, please do not attempt to register for the Services or send any personal information about yourself to us. If we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that a child under 13 may have provided us personal information, please contact us at
support@brushupgame.com
.
If you are a minor (a person under the age of 18 years of age) and your parent has signed up for the Parent Dashboard, you understand that your parent can view all information within or associated with the account, including brushing videos and usage data that tracks your performance.
​
What Information Does GamesThatWork Collect?
The information we gather from customers enables us to personalize and improve our Services. We collect the following types of information from our customers:
Information You Provide to Us
We receive and store any information you enter on our Website, through our app, or provide to us in any other way. The types of Personal Information collected can include your name, passwaord, email address, ZIP code, child's name, birthday, brushing history and any other information necessary for us to provide our Services. Note that we never collect credit card and/or other payment information—such information is strictly handled through third party payment services.
​
You can choose not to provide us with certain information, but then you may not be able to take advantage of many of our special features. The Personal Information you provide is used for such purposes as troubleshooting customer problems, sending product updates, and communicating with you about our products and services, including specials and new features. The Children's Personal Information you provide shall only be used for creating your individual account (which will allow you to receive progress reports about  your child's progress). You may modify or remove your Personal Information or Children's Personal Information entered into the app at any time by logging into your account via the app and accessing features to edit your profile and/or account information
Personal Information Collected Automatically
Website and Parent Dashboard
We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with our Website or use our Services. Like all web servers, our server automatically receives and logs information from your browser including your IP address, cookie information, and the page you requested. We use this data in aggregate form as a statistical measure, in addition to marketing, advertising, scientific research, or other uses, not in a manner that would identify you personally. We may provide aggregate information to our partners about how our customers, collectively, use our Website or Services, but we will never disclose aggregate information in a manner that would identify you personally.
Brush Up
™
Game
If the option is enabled by a parent, we collect information from the child each time the child plays the game. By default, these settings are not enabled. This data may include performance history and videos of the child brushing their teeth. This data is stored indefinitely. To review or delete any data, email at
support@brushupgame.com
.
Email Communications
We collect your email address in order to:
Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.
Follow up with subscription purchases, brush orders, or other purchases so that we can send information and updates pertaining to those orders.
We may also send you additional information related to your product and/or service.
When we send emails, you can expect that we will:
NOT use false, or misleading subjects or email addresses
Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way
Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters
Monitor third party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.
Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email
Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly
Children under 13
It is possible that children under 13 will contact us via email for support purposes. If this happens, we will delete their email and contact information from our records after responding to their request.
Cookies
Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer's hard drive through your browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser and tell us how and when pages in our site are visited and by how many people. We use cookies to enhance visitors' experiences, to learn more about their use of the Website and to improve quality. Most browsers have an option for turning off the cookie feature, which will prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, as well as (depending on the sophistication of your browser software) allowing you to decide on acceptance of each new cookie in a variety of ways. We strongly recommend that you leave the cookies activated, however, because cookies enable you to take advantage of some of our Website's most attractive features. If third party links appear through advertisements on the Website, those third party sites may use cookies. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by GamesThatWork and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers or third parties.
Our cookies do not collect Personal Information or Children's Personal Information, and we do not combine the general information collected through cookies with other Personal Information or Children's Personal Information to tell us who you are or what your screen name or email address is.
Will We Share Any of the Personal Information We Receive?
Your Personal Information and Children's Personal Information is an integral part of our business. We neither rent nor sell nor divulge your Personal Information or Children's Personal Information to anyone. A child's usage data (e.g. brushing scores over time) may be shared through anonymized aggregates, but never in a way that could personally identify the child.
Third Party Disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide you with advance notice or the parent provides explicit permission. In order to enhance the value of the product and its Services, a parent may choose to connect the Brush Up™ application and its associated data with a dentist of their choice. That dentist will have access to whatever information the parent chooses, and the parent retains the power to revoke access to that information at any time.
Our involvement of third parties may include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property, or safety. However, personal information collected automatically may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, scientific research, or other uses if the parent provides explicit permission.
Affiliated Businesses We Do Not Control
In certain situations, businesses or third party websites we’re affiliated with may sell or provide products or services to you through or in connection with the Services provided by our products (either alone or jointly with us). We have no control over the policies and practices of third party websites or businesses as to privacy or anything else, so if you choose to take part in any transaction or service relating to an affiliated website or business, please review all such businesses’ or websites’ policies.
GamesThatWork uses
Unity
game development technologies to help create our skills games and lessons. Unity may collect certain aggregated, non-personally identifiable information from you as part of being integrated with GamesThatWork™ Services. Please read
Unity's Website
to learn more about what information they collect and how they may use it.
We may release Personal Information when we believe in good faith that release is necessary to comply with the law; enforce or apply our conditions of use and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of GamesThatWork, our employees, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Agents
We employ other companies and people to perform tasks on our behalf and need to share your information with them to provide products or services to you. Examples include sending email, analyzing data, receiving and processing credit card transactions, and providing user services. Unless we tell you differently, our agents do not have any right to use Personal Information or Children's Personal Information we share with them beyond what is necessary to assist us with providing products or services to you. You hereby consent to our sharing of Personal Information and Children's Personal Information for the above purpose.
Business Transfers
In some cases, we may choose to sell assets. In these types of transactions, limited access to customer information is typically one of the business assets that are transferred. Moreover, if GamesThatWork, or substantially all of its assets were acquired, or in the unlikely event that GamesThatWork goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, customer information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of GamesThatWork may continue to use your Personal Information and Children's Personal Information within the limits set forth in this policy.
Is Personal Information About Me Secure?
Your account’s Personal Information or Children's Personal Information is protected by a password for your privacy and security. You need to ensure that there is no unauthorized access to your account and Personal Information or Children's Personal Information by selecting and protecting your password appropriately and limiting access to your computer and browser by signing off after you have finished accessing your account.
Our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible.
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.
Using the above methods, we endeavor to protect user information to ensure that user account information is kept private, however, we cannot guarantee the security of user account information. Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors, may compromise the security of user information at any time.
Fair Information Practices
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:
We will notify the users via email within 1 business day
We will notify the users via in site notification within 7 business days
We also agree to the individual redress principle, which requires that individuals have a right to pursue legally enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or a government agency to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
What Personal Information Can I Access?
We allow you to access the following information about you for the purpose of viewing, and in certain situations, updating that information. This list will change as the app, website, and Parent Dashboard change.
User's email address
Username and password
User preferences
User profile
Child profiles (including name, birthday, dominant hand, and photo)
Child’s brushing history
Child’s brushing videos
What Choices Do I Have?
As stated previously, you can always opt not to disclose information, even though it may be needed to take advantage of certain features of the Website and Services. You are able to add or update certain information on pages, such as those listed in the "What Personal Information Can I Access" section above. When you update information, however, we often maintain a copy of the unrevised information in our records. You may request deletion of your account by sending an email to
support@brushupgame.com
. Please note that some information may remain in our records after deletion of your account.
If you do not wish to receive email or other mail from us, please indicate this preference during the registration process. Please note that if you do not want to receive legal notices from us, such as this Privacy Policy, those legal notices will still govern your use of the Website, and you are responsible for reviewing such legal notices for changes. Further, opting out of such e-mails will prevent us from providing you key portions of the Services, including providing progress reports that explain your child's performance and progress using the Services.
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under 13, the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, the nation's consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children's privacy and safety online.
We do NOT market to children under 13.
We adhere to the following COPPA tenets:
We will not require a child to disclose more information than is reasonably necessary to participate in an activity.
Parents can review their child's personal information, direct us to delete it, and refuse to allow any further collection or use of the child's information.
Parents can agree to the collection and use of their child's information, preventing disclosure to third parties unless doing so is part of the service.
Parents can review, delete, and manage who can see their child's information through account settings on our website, through emailing our support staff, or by contacting us directly.
We will notify parents directly before collecting personally identifiable information from their kids. This notification will include what information we want to collect, how it might be disclosed, a link to our online privacy policy, and how the parent can give consent.
Parents give consent by purchase of Brush Up or Brush Up services with a credit card, debit card, or other payment system that provides notification of each separate transaction to the account holder.
In order to remove your child's information, please contact:
Brush Up Support Team
support@brushupgame.com
Changes to this Privacy Policy
GamesThatWork may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. Use of information we collect now is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is used. If we make changes in the way we use Personal Information or Children's Personal Information, we will email you notice of those changes. If you opted out of receiving our emails, then we will post an announcement on our website, which you agree to review. The most current version of the policy will govern our use of your information and will always be at
www.brushupgame.com/privacy
. By continuing to access or use the Services after those changes become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy.
Questions or Concerns
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below. Will will do our best to address your concerns.
GamesThatWork
5999 New Peachtree Rd
Atlanta, GA 30340
​
Or email us at
support@brushupgame.com
​
Published April 1 2015
Last updated Nov 12, 2021 (typo fix, address update.)
​
Copyright © 2015-2021 GamesThatWork, All rights reserved.
"GamesThatWork" and "Brush Up" are trademarks of GamesThatWork.