Privacy notices
Rotamap provide two privacy notices relating to the storage
                            and processing of personal data pursuant to the General Data
                            Protection Regulation (GDPR) which comes into effect on
                            25th May 2018.
The privacy notices cover two different areas. The first
                            covers the use of personal data in our software as a service
                            (SAAS) services, and the second covers the use of personal data
                            in our support, marketing and related activities. In some cases
                            an individual's personal data may be covered by both privacy
                            notices.
SAAS privacy notice
The "Rotamap Software as a Service Privacy Notice"
                            covers the use of personal data in our staff rostering
                            services, CLWRota and Medirota.
Support and marketing privacy notice
The "Rotamap Support and Marketing Privacy Notice"
                            covers the use of personal data in our company's support
                            of customers and contact and correspondence with customers
                            and organisational individuals for sales and marketing
                            purposes.
Book a demo
Leave us a message and we'll be in touch to see how we can help.
Please make sure both 'Email' and the verification checkbox are completed.
Your email
Message
Send demo request
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://rotamap.net/resources/saas:
Rotamap Software as a Service Privacy Notice
Revision N, 20th December 2024
contractual documentation
Introduction
This privacy notice pertains to Rotamap's software as a service
(SaaS) clinical staff rostering services, CLWRota, Medirota, Overview, and
Central Reporting.
This notice explains how personal data is used in the services for
clinicians, rota administrators and those who deal with personnel and
rota-related data between departments. This document provides 'privacy
information' pursuant to the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
and aims to follow the guidelines concerning
privacy
information
and
privacy
notices
set out by the United Kingdom's Information Commissioner's
Office (ICO). The documented information is equally compatible with the guidance for
data processing and privacy notices
provided by Guernsey's Office of the Data Protection Authority (ODPA).
To correspond with the Rotamap team concerning this privacy notice and
the privacy information contained in it or any other requests or
enquiries concerning personal data please contact Rotamap at
privacy@rotamap.net
, or at the
contact address provided at the end of this document.
System overview
Rotamap provide four software as a service (SaaS) services: CLWRota,
Medirota, Central Reporting, and Overview. There is more information about each of
these services available at
www.rotamap.net/clwrota
,
www.rotamap.net/medirota
,
www.rotamap.net/central-reporting
,
and
www.rotamap.net/overview
.
CLWRota is a specialist rota management system for anaesthetic
departments. Medirota is a rota management system for all other clinical
staff groups. Central Reporting reports on department rotas within an
organisation. Overviews combine real-time rostering information between
Medirota and CLWRota instances.
Rotamap's SaaS services are provided over the internet between our servers
and standard web browsers on devices such as desktop computers, tablets and
smart phones and native iOS and Android apps. Communications between client
devices and the servers are encrypted using HTTPS encryption and authentication
is required to access resources on the services.
Credentialled access to the services is enforced through the use and
expiration of authentication tokens and/or cookies. User passwords are stored
in hashed format in our databases.
Rotamap's servers are located in server racks maintained by Rotamap
staff in ISO27001, ISO5001 accredited facilities in London and Slough, UK.
Our provider has PCI-DSS accreditation. Physical access to our
servers requires multiple levels of authentication. Database backups are
public/private key encrypted. Network access to servers between data centers or
from the internet is via multiple levels of firewalls and performed over either
HTTPS or SSH encrypted channels.
The services, including all live databases and encrypted backups, are provided
from these servers unless otherwise agreed.
Rotamap aims to take a ‘data protection by design and default’
approach as recommended by the Information Commissioner's Office.
Relationships with organisations and individuals
Rotamap's SaaS services are taken up at an organisational level, for example by
NHS Trusts, hospitals or departments. A group of individuals are appointed by
the organisation to administer the services, which requires certain personal
information to be held for both the administrators and rostered staff members.
The organisation acts as 'data controller' and determines whose information is
used in the system. Each instance of the service is contained within its own
discrete database on our servers.
Rotamap's SaaS services store this personal information and process it
using computer code to provide rota management services to the
organisation, the rostered staff, and other parties given access to the
rota information by the organisation, for example the organisation's
theatre management team. Rotamap's staff may also access personal or
rota information to provide training or assistance to the administrative
team when called upon to do so by the organisation or to investigate
software bugs. Rotamap acts as 'data processor' to the organisation and
we have a legal requirement to maintain records of the personal data we
hold and how it is processed.
Administrators and rostered staff members therefore can approach both
the organisation, as data controller, or Rotamap, as data processor, for
further information about their rights, the type and use of personal
information or access requests.
Rotamap's services are not to be used for patient information.
Personal data held and processed in our systems
Administrative staff are identified by their name, email address and
role in the system. Administrative actions are logged against the user
who made those actions.
Rostered staff are identified primarily by their name, email address and role
in the system. Ancillary information may include mobile phone numbers, home
telephone number, bleep number, GMC number and employee number for linking with
external payroll systems, training module assignments and optional short notes
about the individual, for example sub-specialty skill sets for rostering
purposes. The individual's start date is recorded, as is their end date if
known.
In order to roster staff, different types of planning configuration are
typically made to set the recurrent planned work patterns of each
individual. The amount of anticipated work for a period, such as a year,
may be also be set. Individual profiles may similarly be associated with
rules to determine their non-availability.
For active rotas, staff may be assigned to an activity based on the
planned configuration or through direct assignment by an administrator,
thereby associating the staff member with the qualities of that
assignment which may include the values of that assignment in, for
example, PA and hour units amongst others, the name of the session, and
any notes and markers.
Calculations are performed through the system software to process the
above information to determine whether a staff member may be assignable
to an activity or not. Similarly calculations are performed to determine
what assignments have been made historically for reporting purposes,
including, for example, determining if a staff member may be assigned to
another annualised session for the year.
Administrators can view rotas, as can participating staff members whose
activities are rostered in the system and whose term of service has not
expired. The organisation may also provide read-only views to other
parties to allow, for example, clinic management teams to learn which
clinicians are due to work in a particular week.
Rotamap services include leave management and messaging facilities.  Leave
managament includes storing leave requests, their associated information and
decision notes together with the impact of that leave on the rota.  Users send
messages to staff members which are then stored in the system, which may also
be sent as alerts via channels such as email, push or text message depending on
the staff member's settings and/or the urgency of the communication. The
organisation may configure the messaging system to alert other parties, such as
theatre or clinic team members, to events such as a clinician's approved or
cancelled leave.
Organisations can choose to record additional information to aid
processing additional paid work, such as agreed payment rates and
duration for specific assignments.
Information stored in the system is retained for the duration of Rotamap's
contract with the organisation unless otherwise directed by the
organisation. This is to ensure that historical records such as the
nature and timing of particular events can be retrieved.
Information in the system is accessible to administrators and those who
deal with personnel and rota-related data for reporting purposes.
Individuals whose term of service has not expired can also run reports
on their own activity and view their profiles. Application Programming
Interface (API) access to system data can be enabled by the department
to provide programmatic access to the data useful for integration into
other services. API access to all department data in a Trust may also be
provided via Central Reporting.
Clinicians are able to access their rota and leave data in an iCalendar
format feed which can be viewed and/or subscribed to in external calendar
applications.
Where agreed with the organisation under contract, Rotamap may process data
from the NHS Electronic Staff Record (ESR) on behalf of the organisation in
order to save pertinent ESR data relating to staff in Rotamap's systems to
assist with reporting and payroll services.  Pertinent saved details include
the ESR name, role, contact details, employee and assignment numbers. A full
list of information shared between Rotamap services and ESR can be found in the
ESR Generic Outbound Interface documentation. ESR data may be used for
submitting absence and attendance records from our systems to ESR. Data sharing
with external service providers is covered under the organisation's agreements
with ESR and the NHS Electronic Staff Record (ESR) privacy notice.
Further use of data
Apart from the uses noted above personal data is also streamed between
servers to ensure that services can be maintained in the case of a
server failure, and backups are made twice a day of each database and
then GPG private/public key encrypted before being stored on other
servers over encrypted SSH channels.
To fix a specific software fault or issue a department database may be
copied and psuedo-anonymised in a secure environment for investigation.
For all other purposes a department database may be copied and used in
an environment controlled by Rotamap staff only after being fully
anonymised to remove all personal details.
Data from the databases are used to provide aggregate data with no
personal attributes for use in department analysis reports and to
provide data sets for, for example, academic articles.
Messaging services may be provided through third parties whose privacy policies
[1] and GDPR compliance [2] have been checked. All message details including
content and recipient number are deleted after 90 days.
Our native Android and iOS apps use Google Firebase Cloud Messaging, Analytics,
and Crashlytics. These services collect a unique token identifier, which Cloud
Messaging uses to deliver push messages, and which Crashlytics and Analytics
use to collect anonymised information on how our apps are used as well as crash
reports. All information collected is only used to provide our services and
to improve how our apps work.
Privacy and GDPR information for Firebase can be found on their
Data Processing and Security Terms
.
Google will delete an inactive token within 180 days, active tokens remain active until:
The app is restored on a new device
The user uninstalls/reinstalls the app
The user clears the app data
No personal information is provided by Rotamap to any other third party unless
otherwise agreed with the data controller.
Personal data rights
The UK GDPR sets out various important rights relating to personal
data which are summarised on the
ICO's
website
. Relevant rights pertaining to personal data in the
Bailiwick of Guernsey Law 2017 are summarised on
the ODPA
website
. These rights include the right to be informed, right of
access, right of rectification and several others. Individuals may
contact Rotamap, as data processor, for information about any of these
rights.
Individuals whose personal data are stored in Rotamap's systems who
wish to exercise one of these rights are advised to contact their
hospital organisation (as data controller) to initiate the process.
Rotamap will help to facilitate any actioned requests in our capacity as
data processor.
You can make an access request, or exercise one of your rights, by
emailing
privacy@rotamap.net
.
[1] SMS provider privacy policies:
Plivo
;
Twilio
[2] SMS provider GDPR information:
Plivo
;
Twilio
Demonstrations
Contact us to arrange a web presentation or to receive more information about CLWRota or Medirota
Events
Spring 2025 Forum
21 March 2025
Rotamap ADR Event
8 November 2024
Autumn 2023 Event
29 September 2023
Articles
We're measuring, reporting and reducing our carbon emissions
23 November 2023
Theatre delivery and COVID-19 recovery, then vs now
1 November 2022
How to link with ESR
23 May 2022
Data
Improved theatre planning results in enhanced theatre delivery
February 2024
Theatre delivery and COVID-19 recovery, then vs now
November 2022
Cross-department benchmarking data
April 2022
Book a demo
Leave us a message and we'll be in touch to see how we can help.
Please make sure both 'Email' and the verification checkbox are completed.
Your email
Message
Send demo request
Sub-policy 1
https://rotamap.net/resources/support-marketing:
Rotamap Support and Marketing Privacy Notice
Revision J, 30 August 2024
contractual documentation
Introduction
This privacy notice pertains to Rotamap's customer support and sales and
marketing activities.
This notice explains how personal data is used when performing these
activities and provides 'privacy information' pursuant to the General
Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and aims to follow the guidelines
concerning
privacy information
and
privacy notices
set out by the Information Commissioner's Office.
Rotamap acts as data controller when storing or processing personal
information and does such storage and processing under either contract
or in relation to contract administration or under the rule of
legitimate interests both with regard to Rotamap's commercial interests
and the client, or potential client's, potential benefit from a business
relationship. Rotamap works to ensure that the processing and storage of
personal data is appropriate to the scope of these interests.
To correspond with the Rotamap team concerning this privacy notice and
the privacy information contained in it or any other requests or
enquiries concerning personal data please contact Rotamap at
privacy@rotamap.net
, or at the
contact address provided at the end of this document.
Systems overview
Rotamap's internal systems are based on messaging, fileshares and a
customer relationship management (CRM) system. Access between our staff
members' computers and mobile devices are performed over HTTPS encrypted
web connections. Access to the services is controlled by Rotamap's team.
Contact with individuals at existing or potential customer organisations
may be recorded in messaging and/or our CRM system. Documents pertaining
to contracts, renewals and other financial matters are recorded on our
fileshare systems, and in 3rd party Xero's accounting software.
The services are protected by firewall and other access controls and
databases are backed up to GPG private/public key encrypted files. The
fileshares reside on encrypted filesystems. Backups are transported over
SSH encrypted channels.
Rotamap aims to take a ‘data protection by design and default’
approach as recommended by the Information Commissioner's Office.
Personal data held and processed in our systems
The name, role and contact details of organisation representatives may
be recorded in our systems, together with a narrative concerning the
reason for the communication that has occurred or may occur. Such
information may be contextualised in the light of conversations with
other representatives at the same organisation or to record, for
example, referrals between individuals in different organisations.
Records in our CRM system are kept indefinitely to ensure continuity of
contact with organisations and to maintain records of historical contracts.
Files pertaining to contracts are similarly retained indefinitely.
Occasional use of email marketing services are used through a third
party. This service requires recipients to remain "opted-in" to
receive emails. Recipients can choose to "opt-out" of this communication
directly with us or via the third party messaging provider.
Additionally, messaging information such as email may be stored on our
messaging provider's service. The GDPR compliance of both third party
providers has been assessed. No personal information is provided by
Rotamap to any other third party.
Personal data in the services is not programmatically mixed with
information from other sources.
Personal data rights
The UK GDPR sets out various important rights relating to personal data
which are summarised on the
ICO's website
.
These rights include the right to be informed, right of access, right of
rectification and several others.
Individuals whose personal data are stored in Rotamap's systems who wish
to exercise one of these rights can contact Rotamap (as data
controller) to do so. We are required to respond to requests in 30 days.
Please note that communication regarding your case will be dealt with by
Rotamap's Data Protection Officer.
You can make an access request, or exercise one of your rights, by
emailing
privacy@rotamap.net
.
Demonstrations
Contact us to arrange a web presentation or to receive more information about CLWRota or Medirota
Events
Spring 2025 Forum
21 March 2025
Rotamap ADR Event
8 November 2024
Autumn 2023 Event
29 September 2023
Articles
We're measuring, reporting and reducing our carbon emissions
23 November 2023
Theatre delivery and COVID-19 recovery, then vs now
1 November 2022
How to link with ESR
23 May 2022
Data
Improved theatre planning results in enhanced theatre delivery
February 2024
Theatre delivery and COVID-19 recovery, then vs now
November 2022
Cross-department benchmarking data
April 2022
Book a demo
Leave us a message and we'll be in touch to see how we can help.
Please make sure both 'Email' and the verification checkbox are completed.
Your email
Message
Send demo request