Privacy Statement Coverage
Introduction
Your privacy choices
Information we collect
Information we collect that you provide to us
Payments and subscriptions on our website
Payments and subscriptions on apps
Purposes for processing personal data provided directly by you
Information we collect via automated technologies and interactions.
How we use your information
How do we share your information
How we share information with Google
Mobile device location Information
Cookies and other trackers
How do we use cookies
What types of cookies do we use
Cookie controls
Business transfers
Your EU Rights
Your California Privacy Rights
Contact us
EU representative
Data protection officer
Radyushin Pty Ltd (trading as “Power Thesaurus”, in this document can be referred as “Power Thesaurus”, “we,” “us,” or “our”) respects your privacy and is committed to being transparent about the tracking technologies we use. This Privacy & Cookie Policy describes our practices concerning the personal information collected through our website powerthesaurus.org and any related Power Thesaurus products and services including the Power Thesaurus, Power Thesaurus Free, Power Thesaurus Pro mobile apps, Power Thesaurus Browser extensions, Power Thesaurus add-ons (provision of the Sites and related products and services, collectively the “Services.”) and explains why explains how cookies, web beacons, pixel tags, clear gifs, and other similar files or technologies may be used to collect and store the information automatically collected about your computer, device, and Service usage and how you can control the use of these technologies.
If you do not accept the use of cookies, please disable them as described in the
Cookie Controls
.
Introduction
Your privacy is important to us. We understand that you are aware of and care about your own personal privacy interests, and we take that seriously. This Privacy Policy describes Power Thesaurus’s policies and practices regarding its collection and use of your personal data through our free, ad-supported www.powerthesaurus.org website and related mobile application services and any software provided on or in connection with these services (the Services), and sets forth your privacy rights.
For our EU users and visitors, we actively have been working towards compliance with the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), and plan to further update our cookie notices and implement consent management tools for users located in the EU as soon as possible. In the meantime, if you have concerns, please contact our data protection officer at
dpo@powerthesaurus.org
.
We recognize that information privacy is an ongoing responsibility, and so we will from time to time update this Privacy Policy as we undertake new personal data practices or adopt new privacy policies.
The Services may provide links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy practices.
Our Services are intended for general audiences over the age of 16 years old. We do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 16 years old.
Your privacy choices
You have choices when it comes to the privacy practices described in this Privacy & Cookie Policy, including your choices related to:
Targeted Advertising. See
Web Browser Controls
and
Third Party Advertising Controls
Website Analytics. See
Web Browser Controls
and
Google Analytics Controls
Information we collect
We collect information about you from a variety of sources, including from you directly providing it to us (e.g., when you open an account or contact us), from cookies and other tracking technologies that automatically collect information in the course of your use of the Services (skip to
Cookies and Other Trackers
) and from various third parties and public sources. You can use some of the Services without directly providing any information, but if you do not provide certain information or limit the operation of some cookies, you may not be able to use some of the Services we offer.
Information we collect that you provide to us
Power Thesaurus protects the identity of visitors to the Services by limiting the collection of personally identifiable information. Personal information provided by you to us will not be posted or published by us, and will be shared with third parties only as provided herein. You can enjoy many of our Services and their special features without giving us your personal information. Access to the general content on our Sites does not require you to provide us any personal (e.g., name, date of birth), contact (e.g., email address, phone number) and/or account (username and password) information.
You may provide personal information to us, if you choose to:
create or update your account
subscribe for paid PRO Membership on our website, apps, extensions
sign up for one of our newsletters
submit a help request, feedback, report, send us an email, a customer services inquiry or other inquiry to us, or fill in any other forms for the purposes of receiving our Services;
Payments and subscriptions on our website
We collect information related to subscription management including billing date, status of subscription, status of individual payments, payment amount, date/time of payment. We do not collect financial information from you (such as your payment card number, expiration date or security code). All subscription payments to us are handled via a third party, Paddle Ltd (
https://paddle.com
). Paddle's Privacy Notice:
https://paddle.com/privacy-buyers/
.
Payments and subscriptions on apps
Our mobile applications on iOS and Google Android Play Store include subscription services, which necessitate the collection of specific information related to the management of these subscriptions. This information includes details such as the billing date, subscription status, individual payment statuses, payment amounts, and date/time of payments. We do not collect financial information from you (such as your payment card number, expiration date or security code). All app subscription payments to us are handled via a third party, Apple (
https://apple.com
) or Google (
https://google.com
). Apple Privacy Policy:
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/
. Google Privacy Policy:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
.
Purposes for processing personal data provided directly by you
As explained above, Power Thesaurus processes your data to provide you with the products and services you have requested or purchased from us, including special features, e-newsletters and other content. Sometimes we use third-party providers to facilitate the delivery of the services described above, and these third-party providers may be supplied with or have access to your personal information for the sole purpose of providing services to you on our behalf. We also use your data for legitimate business purposes that enable us to refine our products and services to better tailor them to your needs and communicate with you about other products and services offered by Power Thesaurus, such storage of IP address and date/time for new entry submissions. In addition, we may disclose your personal information in special legal circumstances. For instance, such information may be used where it is necessary to protect our copyright or intellectual property rights, or if the law requires us to do so. You can update your personal information and change your marketing preferences at any time by sending an email to
privacy@powerthesaurus.org
.
Information we collect via automated technologies and interactions.
As you interact with the Services, we may collect information via automated means about your computer or mobile device, your preference settings, your location and your activities, including:
IP address of your computer;
Unique mobile device identifier;
Technical information about your computer or mobile device such as type of device, mobile device ID number, screen resolution, web browser information and operating system or platform;
Your preferences and settings (time zone, language, etc.);
Internet provider or mobile carrier name;
The URL of the last webpage you visited before visiting the Site;
Information about your activity on the Services (e.g., your search queries, mis-formatted DNS entries, search results selected, clicks, pages viewed, search history, comments);
If you are using a mobile device, your mobile device’s geographic location (specific geographic location if you’ve enabled collection of that information, or general geographic location automatically); and
If you installed an Application, we may also collect information about that Application (e.g. the specific release date and distribution source of your Application, a unique Application ID, Application partner ID, the ads you click on, and information contained in error log files or cookies, aggregate query or click data and erroneous domain name system requests).
How we use your information
We may use your information for the following purposes:
Identification and authentication: We use your identification information to verify your identity when you access and use our Services and to ensure the security of your personal information. This is so we can comply with our contractual obligations to you.
Provide the Services: We process your personal information to provide the Services you have requested. This is so we can comply with our contractual obligations to you.
Improving our Services: We analyze information about how you use our Services to provide an improved experience for our customers of all our Services, including product testing and site analytics. It is in our legitimate business interests to use the information provided to us for this purpose, so we can understand any issues with our Services and improve them.
Compensating our partners: We process your personal information for purposes of calculating compensation to be paid to our third party product/service providers and distributors and to analyze usage across products, services and distribution partner/channel. It is in our legitimate interest to appropriately determine amounts to be paid to our partners and inform our product roadmap and distribution strategy.
Communicating with you: We may use your personal information when we communicate with you, for example if we are providing information about changes to the terms and conditions or if you contact us with questions. It is in our legitimate interest that we are able to provide you with appropriate responses and provide you with notices about our Services.
Marketing: We may use your personal information to deliver relevant advertisements to you and measure the effectiveness of the advertising we serve to you. It is in our legitimate interest to provide more relevant and interesting advertising messages and inform our marketing strategy. We may use automated decision-making to deliver tailored advertisements based on your personal information. Where necessary, we will obtain your consent before sending such marketing messages.
Messaging: to send you welcome, informational, educational, marketing and promotional messages, account updates, transactions and other information about our products, services and relevant topics that may be of interest to you, including information sent by, or on behalf of, our business partners.
Exercising our rights: We may use your personal information to exercise our legal rights where it is necessary to do so, for example to detect, prevent and respond to fraud claims, intellectual property infringement claims or violations of law or our Terms of Service.
Complying with our obligations: We may process your personal information to, for example, carry out fraud prevention checks or comply with other legal or regulatory requirements, where this is explicitly required by law.
Customizing your experience: When you use the Services, we may use your personal information to improve your experience of the Services, such as by providing interactive or personalized elements on the Services and providing you with content based on your interests. We may use automated decision-making to customize your experience based on your personal information.
We may also aggregate and de-identify your information in such a way that you may not reasonably be re-identified by us or any other company, and may use this information for any other purpose.
How do we share your information
We share user information with others for various reasons. What information we make available to other companies depends on the nature of our relationships with them.
Service Providers: We may share your information with vendors who provide services on our behalf such as voice transcription, email messaging, customer service, trouble shooting, survey providers, video players.
Contests/Sweepstakes Partners: When you sign up to participate in a contest or sweepstakes, your information may be provided to our sweepstakes or contest advertisers, operators, or sponsors and the use of that information will be also governed by those advertisers, operators, or sponsors’ privacy policies or practices.
Group Companies: We may share your information with our affiliates for security, internal reporting and regulatory compliance.
Fraud prevention: We may disclose your information when we believe disclosure is necessary to investigate, prevent, or respond to suspected illegal or fraudulent activity or to protect the safety, rights, or property of us, our users, or others.
Law enforcement purposes and public safety: If requested or required by government authorities, such as law enforcement authorities, courts, or regulators, or otherwise to comply with the law, we may disclose any information we have about our users. We may disclose information collected about you in order to exercise or protect legal rights or defend against legal claims. We also may be required to disclose an individual’s personal information in response to a lawful request by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
Sale or merger of our business: We may transfer your information to a third party if we or any of our affiliates are involved in a corporate restructuring (e.g., a sale, merger, or other transfer of assets).
Advertisers and advertising networks: Advertisers and advertising networks place ads on our Sites. These companies may collect information, such as your computer’s IP address, browser information, mobile device ID, and search queries, as you use our Site and Services. They also may use cookies and other technologies to collect this information when you use our Service as described below (Cookie & other Trackers).
We require all third parties to respect your privacy and to treat your information in accordance with the law. We only permit third parties to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our agreements with them.
We do not sell or trade your information to third parties, but we share with others who can help us achieve the Power Thesaurus vision. That can be other Power Thesaurus companies, service providers or business partners. We’re all committed to keep your information safe and secure.
How we share information with Google
We use Google Analytics to analyze the use of this website. Google Analytics generates statistical and other information about website use by means of cookies, which are stored on users’ computers.
The information generated relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of the website. Google will store this information. Google’s privacy policy is available at:
http://www.google.com/privacypolicy.html
.
We may at some point publish Google AdSense, Google Ad Manager or Google AdX interest-based advertisements on our website. These are tailored by Google to reflect your interests.
To determine your interests, Google will track your behavior on our website and on other websites across the web using the DART cookie. You can view, delete or add interest categories associated with your browser using Google’s Ads Preference Manager, available at:
https://www.google.com/ads/preferences/
.
To read more about the way Google uses the information please use the following link:
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
You can opt out of the AdSense partner network cookie at:
https://www.google.com/privacy/ads/
or by using the NAI’s (Network Advertising Initiative’s) multi-cookie opt-out mechanism at:
https://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp
However, these opt-out mechanisms use cookies, and if you clear the cookies from your browser, your opt-out will not be maintained. To ensure that an opt-out is maintained in respect of a particular browser, you should use the Google browser plug-in available at:
https://www.google.com/ads/preferences/plugin
.
Mobile device location Information
When you use one of our location-enabled services (for example, when you access Services from a mobile device), we may need to collect and process information about your specific GPS location (including the latitude, longitude or altitude of your mobile device) and the time the location information was recorded, and we may use that information to customize the Services with location-based information, advertising, and features. Some of these services require us to associate location data with your device ID and other information we hold about you.
Cookies and other trackers
Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information which are downloaded to your computer or mobile device when you visit a website. Cookies are then sent back to the originating website on each subsequent visit, or to another website that recognizes that cookie. A pixel tag (also called a web beacon or clear GIF) is a tiny graphic with a unique identifier, embedded invisibly on a webpage (or an online ad or email) that links web pages to particular web servers and their cookies, and may be used for a variety of purposes, such as counting the number of visitors to the Sites, analyzing how users navigate around the Sites, assessing what content or ads are viewed or clicked on by our visitors. Some ad companies and game developers use “flash cookies” for ads and games that use Flash media technology. We use the term “cookies” in this policy to refer to cookies and all such similar technologies.
Cookies are widely used in order to make websites work, or to work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site. We use these technologies to let you navigate between pages efficiently, remember your preferences, track your use of the Services and generally improve your experience. Ad companies we work with place cookies on your computer to track your activities across various sites so that they can display ads on our Sites and third party websites that are more relevant to you and your interests.
Cookies can remain on your computer or mobile device for different periods of time. Some cookies are ‘session cookies’, meaning that they exist only while your browser is open. These are deleted automatically once you close your browser. Other cookies are ‘permanent cookies’, meaning that they survive after your browser is closed. They can be used by websites to recognize your computer when you open your browser and browse the Internet again.
There are two broad categories of cookies:
First party cookies, served directly by us to your computer or mobile device.
Third party cookies, which are served by a third party on our behalf. We use third party cookies for functionality, performance / analytics, advertising and social media purposes.
How do we use cookies
We use cookies to:
track traffic flow and patterns of travel in connection with our Services;
understand the total number of visitors to our sites on an ongoing basis and the types of internet browsers (e.g. Chrome, Safari or Edge), operating systems (e.g. Windows or Mac OS), and screen resolutions used by our visitors;
monitor and analyze the performance of our Services and to continually improve them;
customize and enhance your online experience, including your search history, search suggestions and popular terms; and
enable our and third-party advertising both on and off our Sites.
Third parties whose products or services are accessible or advertised through the Services, including social networking services, may also use cookies or similar tools, and we advise you to check their privacy policies for information about their cookies and other practices. We do not control the practices of such partners and their privacy policies govern their interactions with you. We encourage you to read their privacy policies.
What types of cookies do we use
The types of cookies used by us and our partners in connection with the Services can be classified into one of the 4 categories below. We’ve set out some further information about each category, and the purposes of the cookies we and third parties set below:
Strictly necessary cookies
. These cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around the website and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the website. Without these cookies some services cannot be provided.
Functional cookies
. These cookies allow the website to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personal features. These cookies can also be used to remember changes you have made to sorting, text size, fonts and other parts of web pages that you can customise. They may also be used to provide services you have asked for such as watching a video or commenting on a blog. The information these cookies collect may be anonymised and they cannot track your browsing activity on other websites.
Performance cookies
. These cookies collect information about how visitors use a website, for instance which pages visitors go to most often, and if they get error messages from web pages. These cookies don’t collect information that identifies a visitor. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. It is only used to improve how a website works.
Tracking cookies
. These cookies record your visit to our website, the pages you have visited, the material you have downloaded and the links you have followed. We will use this information to make our website and the advertising displayed on it more relevant to your interest and to provide information to our sales team. We will also provide this information to third parties for these purposes.
Social Media Cookies
. Third parties that make their applications available through/on our Sites may set their own cookies in order to track the performance of their applications or customize those applications for you. For example, when you share an article using a social media sharing button on our Sites (e.g., Facebook, Twitter, or Instagram), the social network that has created the button will record that you have done this. Because of how cookies work, we cannot access these cookies, nor can the third parties access the data in cookies used by us. Some pages of our website may also contain embedded content, such as video content from YouTube, and these sites may set their own cookies.
Cookie controls
You can control your cookie settings as explained below. We may disclose your opt-out choices to third parties so that they can honor your preferences in accordance with applicable laws.
Web Browser Controls. Most browsers allow you to change your cookie settings. Users can usually set their browsers to block all third-party cookies (which are those set by third-party companies collecting information on websites operated by other companies), block all cookies (including first-party cookies such as the ones We uses to collect search activity information about its users), or block specific cookies. These settings will typically be found in the “options” or “preferences” menu of your browser. In order to understand these settings, the following links may be helpful, otherwise you should use the “Help” option in your browser for more details.
Cookie settings in Chrome
Cookie settings in Safari web
and
iOS
Cookie settings in Microsoft Edge
Cookie settings in Firefox
We note that an optional browser setting known as Do Not Track allows you to express your preferences regarding tracking by advertisers and other third-parties. However, we do not recognize or respond to browser-initiated DNT signals, as the Internet industry is currently still working toward defining exactly what DNT means, what it means to comply with DNT, and a common approach to responding to DNT.
Flash Cookie Controls
. You can manage the use of Flash technologies with the Flash management tools available at Adobe’s website.
Web-Beacons
. You can usually prevent the operation of web-beacons by changing your web-browser cookie settings and your ad choices, or for those in emails, by switching off images in your email client or viewing emails using only the “text” display (rather than “HTML” display”). See the “Help” section of your email client for instructions. Please see the All About Cookies website for further information about managing your options.
Mobile Apps
. With respect to our mobile apps, you can stop all collection of information via an app by uninstalling the app. Also, you may be able to exercise specific privacy choices, such as enabling or disabling certain location-based services, by adjusting the permissions in your mobile device.
Google products including Analytics, AdWords, AdSense, Ad Manager.
To see an overview of privacy at Google and how to opt out of certain Google practices, visit
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy
. You can prevent your data from being collected by Google Analytics by downloading the
Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on
. Opting-out is generally done by the third party dropping a cookie on your browser indicating your intent to opt-out. If you get a new device, install a new browser, erase, or otherwise alter the third party’s browser cookie file, you may clear the opt-out cookie and no longer be subject to its opt-out.
Third Party Advertising Controls
. You may exercise choices regarding certain third party advertising cookies through the following organizations:
Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”) Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising. You exercise the DAA choices regarding Interest-based Advertising
here
. You can also download the DAA AppChoices app for control over how information about your interests is used for in-app advertising on your mobile device here.
European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (“EDAA”). To learn more about the EDAA and your opt out options, see
Your Online Choices
.
Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”). To learn more about the NAI and your opt out options for their members, see
http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/
.
Please be aware that, even if you are able to opt out of certain Interest/behavioral/targeted -based advertising, you may continue to receive other types of ads. Opting out only means that those selected members should no longer deliver certain Interest/behavioral/targeted -based ads to you, but does not mean you will no longer receive any targeted content and/or ads (e.g., from other ad networks). Power Thesaurus is not responsible for effectiveness of, or compliance with, any third-parties’ opt out options or programs or the accuracy of their statements regarding their programs.
Promotional Communications. You can opt-out of receiving certain promotional communications (e-mails and push notifications) from us at any time by (i) for e-mails, following the instructions as provided in e-mails to click on the unsubscribe link; and (ii) for push notifications or in-app messages, adjusting the permissions in your mobile device.
Please note it may be possible to disable some (but not all) cookies through your device or browser settings, but doing so may interfere with certain functionality on the Services.
Business transfers
As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy subsidiaries, or business units. In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Policy (unless, of course, the customer consents otherwise). Also, in the unlikely event that Power Thesaurus, or substantially all of its assets are acquired, customer information will be one of the transferred assets, and will remain subject to our Privacy Policy.
Your EU Rights
Based on the GDPR you may have rights available to you in respect of your Personal Information, such as:
To obtain a copy of your Personal Information together with information about how and on what basis that Personal Information is processed;
To rectify inaccurate Personal Information (including the right to have incomplete Personal Information completed);
To delete your Personal Information (where it is no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which it was collected or processed). We strive to anonymize your Personal Information within 30 days after your deletion request;
To restrict processing of your Personal Information under certain circumstances.
To port your Personal Information in machine-readable format to a third party (or to you) when we justify our processing on the basis of your consent or the performance of an agreement with you;
To withdraw your consent to our processing of your Personal Information (where that processing is based on your consent);
To obtain, or see a copy of the appropriate safeguards under which your Personal Information is transferred to a third country or international organization outside of the European Economic Area;
To lodge a complaint with your local supervisory authority for data protection. In addition to the above rights, you have the right to object, on grounds relating to your particular situation, at any time to any processing of your Personal Information which we have justified on the basis of a legitimate interest, including profiling (as opposed to your consent) or to perform a contract with you. You also have the right to object at any time to any processing of your Personal Information for marketing or promotional purposes, including profiling for marketing or promotional purposes.
In relation to all of these rights or if you have any questions about this Privacy Statement, please send an email to
dpo@powerthesaurus.org
.
Please note that we may request proof of identity, and we reserve the right to charge a fee where permitted by law, especially if your request is manifestly unfounded or excessive. We will endeavor to respond to your request within all applicable timeframes.
Your California Privacy Rights
This section provides additional details about the Personal Information we collect about California consumers and the rights afforded to them under the California Consumer Privacy Act or "CCPA".
We do not sell the Personal Information we collect to third parties for money or any other consideration, as that term is generally understood. However, the CCPA’s definition of "sale" is very broad and might be construed to include the following:
Situations where browsing data is sent to referral advertisers - when you click on an ad that sends you to our website, we send a hashed identifier to the referring site so they can receive credit for the referral. We, along with millions of other sites, use these services. While we limit the information sent to what is needed to properly record the referral, the fact that you clicked on the link and visited Revinate may be added to your profile by the ad publisher. You have the right to opt out of this by sending us a request as described below.
Subject to certain limitations, the CCPA provides California consumers the right to request to know more details about the categories or specific pieces of Personal Information we collect (including how we use and disclose this information), to delete their personal information, to opt out of any "sales" that may be occurring, and to not be discriminated against for exercising these rights. California consumers may make a request pursuant to their rights under the CCPA by send us an email to
dpo@powerthesaurus.org
.
Contact us
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy & Cookie Policy or the manner in which your information is processed or would like to submit a request to us, please contact:
Power Thesaurus
2633 Gold Coast Highway, Broadbeach, QLD 4218 Australia
privacy@powerthesaurus.org
EU representative
Concerning Article 27(2)(a) of the GDPR, a representative is not required when a company is processing EU personal data, if:
personal data is only processed occasionally
processing does not include large-scale processing of special categories of personal data or personal data relating to criminal convictions and offences and
processing is unlikely to result in a risk to the rights and freedoms of data subjects.
We believe that the above mentioned exceptions are applicable for Power Thesaurus and there is no real need or legal requirement to appoint EU Representative for Power Thesaurus.
Data protection officer
If you have questions or concerns regarding the way in which your personal information, collected in the EEA, is processed or transferred, please contact our Data Protection Officer at:
Alexander Radyushin
Data Protection Officer
2633 Gold Coast Highway, Broadbeach, QLD 4218 Australia
dpo@powerthesaurus.org
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://paddle.com/privacy-buyers/:
Live masterclass
Web Revenue Labs: Take your Web2App performance to the next level
Save your seat
Policy
Privacy policy
A. This Policy
Summary
: This Policy explains how we Process Personal Data. This Policy may be amended or updated from time to time, so please check it regularly for updates.
This Policy is issued by Paddle which is made up of each of the Controller entities that are listed in Section (U) below (together, “Paddle”, “we”, “us” and “our”) and is addressed to individuals outside our organisation with whom we interact in our course of business as a Merchant of Record, including customers, visitors to our Sites, other users of our products or services, personnel of corporate customers and vendors, applicants for employment, and visitors to our premises (together, “you”). Please note that not all provisions of this Policy will apply to you and your Personal Data, as this will depend on your specific relationship with Paddle.
Defined terms used in this Policy are explained in Section (V) below.
This Policy may be amended or updated from time to time to reflect changes in our practices with respect to the Processing of Personal Data, or changes in applicable law. We encourage you to read this Policy carefully, and to regularly check this page to review any changes we might make in accordance with the terms of this Policy.
This Policy was last updated on
30 June 2023.
You may also have certain rights regarding the information we collect about you. Specifically, the rights of Data Subjects of the EEA are explained in Section (M) below. Similarly, Residents of certain US states, including California and Virginia, may find information on their rights as a Consumer in Sections (R), (S) and (T)  below.
B. Collection of Personal Data
Summary
: We collect or obtain Personal Data: when that data is provided to us (e.g., where you contact us); in the course of our relationship with you (e.g., if you appoint us as your Merchant of Record or if you make a purchase from Paddle); when you make Personal Data public (e.g., if you make a public post about us on social media); when you visit our Sites; when you register to use any of our Sites, products, or services; or when you interact with any third party content or advertising on a Site; we may also receive Personal Data about you from third parties (e.g., law enforcement authorities).
We collect or obtain Personal Data about you from the following sources:
Data provided to us: We obtain Personal Data when such data is provided to us (e.g., where you contact us via email or via our Sites, or by any other means, or when you provide us with your business card, or when you submit a job application).
Data we obtain in person: We obtain Personal Data during meetings, at trade shows, during visits from sales or marketing representatives, in person interviews or at events we attend.
Collaborations: We obtain Personal Data when you collaborate with us in research or in an advisory/consultancy capacity.
Relationship data: We collect or obtain Personal Data in the ordinary course of our relationship with you (e.g. we provide a service to you, or to your employer).
Data you make public: We collect or obtain Personal Data that you manifestly choose to make public, including via social media (e.g. we may collect information from your social media profile(s) or if you make a public post about us).
Site data: We may collect or obtain Personal Data when you visit any of our Sites or use any features or resources available on or through a Site.
Registration details: We collect or obtain Personal Data when you use, or register to use, any of our Sites, products, or services.
Content and advertising information: If you interact with any third party content or advertising on a Site (including third party plugins and cookies) we may receive Personal Data from the relevant third party provider of that content or advertising.
Third party information: We collect or obtain Personal Data from third parties who provide it to us (e.g. credit reference agencies; law enforcement authorities; etc.).
C. Creation of Personal Data
Summary:
We create Personal Data about you (e.g., records of your interactions with us).
We also create Personal Data about you in certain circumstances, such as records of your interactions with us, and details of your past interactions with us. We may also combine Personal Data from any of our Sites, products, or services, including where that data is collected from different sources.
D. Categories of Personal Data we Process
Summary
: We Process: your personal details (e.g., your name); demographic data (e.g. your age); your contact details (e.g., your address); records of your consents; purchase details; payment details (e.g. billing address); information about your interaction with our Sites (e.g. the type of device you are using); details of your employer (where relevant); information about your interactions with our content or advertising; and any views or opinions you provide to us.
We Process the following categories of Personal Data about you:
Personal details: given name(s); preferred name.
Demographic information: gender; date of birth / age; nationality; salutation; title; and language preferences.
Contact details: correspondence address; telephone number; email address; details of Personal Assistants, where applicable; messenger app details; online messaging details; and social media details.
Expertise: records of your expertise; professional history; practising details and qualification details; information about your experience; participation in meetings; seminars; advisory boards and conferences; information about your professional relationship with other individuals or institutions; language abilities and other professional skills.
Consent records: records of any consents you have given, together with the date and time; means of consent and any related information (e.g. the subject matter of the consent).
Purchase details: records of purchases and prices; and consignee name, address, contact telephone number and email address;
Payment details: invoice records; payment records; billing address; payment method; cardholder or account holder name; card payment identifiers; payment amount; and payment date.
Data relating to your use of our Sites: device type; operating system; browser type; browser settings; IP address; language settings; dates and times of connecting to a Site; username; password; security login details; and usage data.
Employer details: where you interact with us in your capacity as an employee of a third party, the name, address, telephone number and email address of your employer, to the extent relevant.
Content and advertising data: records of your interactions with our online advertising and content, records of advertising and content displayed on pages displayed to you, and any interaction you may have had with such content or advertising (e.g., mouse hover, mouse clicks, any forms you complete in whole or in part) and any touchscreen interactions.
Views and opinions: any views and opinions that you choose to send to us, or publicly post about us on social media platforms.
Please note that not all of the above will apply to you, as it will depend on your relationship with Paddle (e.g. Employee, customer, etc).
E. Sensitive Personal Data
Summary
: We do not seek to collect or otherwise Process Sensitive Personal Data in the ordinary course of our business as a Merchant of Record. Where we need to Process Sensitive Personal Data for a legitimate purpose, we do so in accordance with applicable law.
Where it becomes necessary to Process your Sensitive Personal Data for any reason, we rely on one of the following legal bases:
Compliance with applicable law: We may Process your Sensitive Personal Data where the Processing is required or permitted by applicable law (e.g., to comply with our diversity reporting obligations);
Detection and prevention of crime: We may Process your Sensitive Personal Data where the Processing is necessary for the detection or prevention of crime (e.g., the prevention of fraud);
Establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims: We may Process your Sensitive Personal Data where the Processing is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims; or
Consent: We may Process your Sensitive Personal Data where we have, in accordance with applicable law, obtained your express consent prior to Processing your Sensitive Personal Data (this legal basis is only used in relation to Processing that is entirely voluntary – it is not used for Processing that is necessary or obligatory in any way).
If you provide Sensitive Personal Data to us, you must ensure that it is lawful for you to disclose such data to us, and you must ensure a valid legal basis applies to the Processing of those Sensitive Personal Data.
F. Purposes of Processing and Legal Bases for Processing
Summary
: We Process Personal Data for the following purposes: providing our Sites, products, and services to you; compliance checks; operating our business; communicating with you; managing our IT systems; health and safety; financial management; conducting surveys; ensuring the security of our premises and systems; conducting investigations where necessary; compliance with applicable law; improving our Sites, products, and services; fraud prevention; establishment, exercise and defence of legal claims; and recruitment and job applications.
The purposes for which we Process Personal Data, subject to applicable law, and the legal bases on which we perform such Processing, are as follows:
Provision of Sites, products, and services:
providing our Sites, products, or services; providing promotional items upon request; and communicating with you in relation to those Sites, products, or services.
The Processing is necessary in connection with any contract that you have entered into with us, or to take steps prior to entering into a contract with us; or
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the Processing for the purpose of providing our Sites, products, or services (to the extent that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms); or
We have obtained your prior consent to the Processing (this legal basis is only used in relation to Processing that is entirely voluntary – it is not used for Processing that is necessary or obligatory in any way)
Compliance checks:
fulfilling our regulatory compliance obligations; ‘Know Your Client’ checks; and confirming and verifying your identity; use of credit reference agencies; and screening against government and/or law enforcement agency sanctions lists and other legal restrictions.
The Processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation; or
The Processing is necessary in connection with any contract that you have entered into with us, or to take steps prior to entering into a contract with us; or
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the Processing for the purpose of fulfilling our regulatory and compliance obligations (to the extent that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms); or
We have obtained your prior consent to the Processing (this legal basis is only used in relation to Processing that is entirely voluntary – it is not used for Processing that is necessary or obligatory in any way).
Operating our business:
operating and managing our Sites, our products, and our services; providing content to you; displaying advertising and other information to you; communicating and interacting with you via our Sites, our products, or our services; and notifying you of changes to any of our Sites, our products, or our services.
The Processing is necessary in connection with any contract that you have entered into with us, or to take steps prior to entering into a contract with us; or
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the Processing for the purpose of providing our Sites, our products, or our services to you (to the extent that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms); or
We have obtained your prior consent to the Processing (this legal basis is only used in relation to Processing that is entirely voluntary – it is not used for Processing that is necessary or obligatory in any way).
Communications and marketing:
communicating with you via any means (including via email, telephone, text message, social media, post or in person) to provide news items and other information in which you may be interested, subject always to obtaining your prior opt-in consent to the extent required under applicable law; personalising our Sites, products and services for you; maintaining and updating your contact information where appropriate; obtaining your prior, opt-in consent where required; enabling and recording your choice to opt-out or unsubscribe, where applicable.
The Processing is necessary in connection with any contract that you have entered into with us, or to take steps prior to entering into a contract with us; or
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the Processing for the purpose of contacting you, subject always to compliance with applicable law (to the extent that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms); or
We have obtained your prior consent to the Processing (this legal basis is only used in relation to Processing that is entirely voluntary – it is not used for Processing that is necessary or obligatory in any way).
Management of IT systems:
management and operation of our communications, IT and security systems; and audits (including security audits) and monitoring of such systems.
The Processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation; or
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the Processing for the purpose of managing and maintaining our communications and IT systems (to the extent that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms).
Health and safety:
health and safety assessments and record keeping; providing a safe and secure environment at our premises; and compliance with related legal obligations.
The Processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation; or
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the Processing for the purpose of ensuring a safe environment at our premises (to the extent that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms); or
The Processing is necessary to protect the vital interests of any individual.
Financial management
: sales; finance; corporate audit; and vendor management.
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the Processing for the purpose of managing and operating the financial affairs of our business (to the extent that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms); or
We have obtained your prior consent to the Processing (this legal basis is only used in relation to Processing that is entirely voluntary – it is not used for Processing that is necessary or obligatory in any way).
Surveys:
engaging with you for the purposes of obtaining your views on our Sites, our products, or our services.
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the Processing for the purpose of conducting surveys, satisfaction reports and market research (to the extent that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms); or
We have obtained your prior consent to the Processing (this legal basis is only used in relation to Processing that is entirely voluntary – it is not used for Processing that is necessary or obligatory in any way).
Security:
physical security of our premises (including records of visits to our premises); CCTV recordings; and electronic security (including login records and access details).
The Processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation ; or
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the Processing for the purpose of ensuring the physical and electronic security of our business and our premises (to the extent that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms).
Investigations:
detecting, investigating and preventing breaches of policy, and criminal offences, in accordance with applicable law.
The Processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation ; or
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the Processing for the purpose of detecting, and protecting against, breaches of our policies and applicable laws (to the extent that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms).
Legal compliance:
compliance with our legal and regulatory obligations under applicable law.
The Processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation.
Improving our Sites, products, and services:
identifying issues with our Sites, our products, or our services; planning improvements to our Sites, our products, or our services; and creating new Sites, products, or services.
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the Processing for the purpose of improving our Sites, our products, or our services (to the extent that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms); or
We have obtained your prior consent to the Processing (this legal basis is only used in relation to Processing that is entirely voluntary – it is not used for Processing that is necessary or obligatory in any way).
Fraud prevention:
Detecting, preventing and investigating fraud.
The Processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation (especially in respect of applicable employment law); or
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the Processing for the purpose of detecting, and protecting against, fraud (to the extent that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms).
Establishment, exercise and defence of legal claims:
management of legal claims; establishment of facts and claims, including collection, review and production of documents, facts, evidence and witness statements; exercise and defence of legal rights and claims, including formal legal proceedings.
The Processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation;
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the Processing for the purpose of establishing, exercising or defending our legal rights (to the extent that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms); or
The Processing is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
Recruitment and job applications:
recruitment activities; advertising of positions; interview activities; analysis of suitability for the relevant position; records of hiring decisions; offer details; and acceptance details.
The Processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation (especially in respect of applicable employment law); or
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the Processing for the purpose of recruitment activities and handling job applications (to the extent that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms); or
We have obtained your prior consent to the Processing (this legal basis is only used in relation to Processing that is entirely voluntary – it is not used for Processing that is necessary or obligatory in any way).
G. Disclosure of Personal Data to Third Parties
Summary
: We disclose Personal Data to: legal and regulatory authorities; our external advisors; our Processors; any party as necessary in connection with legal proceedings; any party as necessary for investigating, detecting or preventing criminal offences; any purchaser of our business or successor in title to our obligations under a contract; and any third party providers of advertising, plugins or content used on our Sites.
We disclose Personal Data to other entities within the Paddle group, for legitimate business purposes and the operation of our Sites, products, or services to you, in accordance with applicable law. In addition, we disclose Personal Data to:
you and, where appropriate, your appointed representatives;
legal and regulatory authorities, upon request, or for the purposes of reporting any actual or suspected breach of applicable law or regulation;
accountants, auditors, consultants, lawyers and other outside professional advisors to Paddle, subject to binding contractual obligations of confidentiality;
third party Processors (such as payment services providers etc.), located anywhere in the world, subject to the requirements noted below in this Section (G);
any relevant party, regulatory body, governmental authority, law enforcement agency or court, to the extent necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims and with applicable jurisdiction;
any relevant party, regulatory body, governmental authority, law enforcement agency or court, for the purposes of prevention, investigation, detection or prosecution of criminal offences or the execution of criminal penalties;
any alternative payment provider or reseller appointed by the Supplier or other third party acquirer(s) or successor(s) in title, including but not limited to in the event that we sell or transfer all or any relevant portion of our business or assets (including in
the event of a reorganisation, dissolution or liquidation); and
any relevant third party provider, where our Sites use third party advertising, plugins or content. If you choose to interact with any such advertising, plugins or content, your Personal Data may be shared with the relevant third party provider. We recommend that you review that third party’s privacy policy before interacting with its advertising, plugins or content.
Suppliers to the extent necessary to provide a product requested by you.
any other relevant third party outsourced service providers, where our Sites use third parties to perform certain functions otherwise performed by Paddle, subject to binding contractual obligations of confidentiality.
If we engage a third-party Processor to Process your Personal Data, the Processor will be subject to binding contractual obligations to: (i) only Process the Personal Data in accordance with our prior written instructions; and (ii) use measures to protect the confidentiality and security of the Personal Data; together with any additional requirements under applicable law, including the provisions at Section (H) below, with respect to international transfers.
H. International Transfer of Personal Data
Summary:
We transfer Personal Data to recipients in other countries. Where we transfer Personal Data from the UK/EEA to a recipient outside the UK/EEA that is not in an Adequate Jurisdiction, we do so on the basis of Standard Contractual Clauses and in the presence of appropriate safeguards.
Because of the international nature of our business, we transfer Personal Data within the Paddle group, and to third parties as noted in Section (G) above, in connection with the purposes set out in this Policy. For this reason, we may transfer Personal Data to other countries that may have different laws and data protection compliance requirements to those that apply in the country in which you are located.
If an exemption or derogation applies (e.g., where a transfer is necessary to establish, exercise or defend a legal claim) we may rely on that exemption or derogation, as appropriate. Where no exemption or derogation applies, and we transfer your Personal Data from the UK/EEA to recipients located outside the UK/EEA who are not in an Adequate Jurisdiction, we do so on the basis of Standard Contractual Clauses and the presence of appropriate safeguards. Please contact the privacy team at
privacy@paddle.com
below if you wish to request a copy of our Standard Contractual Clauses.
Please note that when you transfer any Personal Data directly to any Paddle entity established outside the UK/EEA, we are not responsible for that transfer of your Personal Data. We will nevertheless Process your Personal Data, from the point at which we receive those data, in accordance with the provisions of this Policy.
I. Data Security
Summary
: We have implemented appropriate technical and organisational security measures to protect your Personal Data against unauthorised or unlawful Processing, and against accidental loss, destruction or damage.
Insofar as you are able, please ensure that any Personal Data that you send to us is sent securely.
We have implemented appropriate technical and organisational security measures designed to protect your Personal Data against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorised disclosure, unauthorised access, and other unlawful or unauthorised forms of Processing, from the point of collection to the point of destruction, in accordance with applicable law.
Because the internet is an open system, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will implement all reasonable measures to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to us using the internet – any such transmission is at your own risk and you are responsible for ensuring that any Personal Data that you send to us are sent securely.
J. Data Accuracy
Summary
: We take reasonable steps to ensure that your Personal Data is kept accurate and up-to-date and is erased or rectified if we become aware of inaccuracies.
We take reasonable steps to ensure that:
your Personal Data that we Process is accurate and, where necessary, kept up-to-date; and
any of your Personal Data that we Process that is inaccurate (having regard to the purposes for which it was Processed) is erased or rectified without delay;
From time to time we may ask you to confirm the accuracy of your Personal Data.
K. Data Minimisation
Summary
: We take reasonable steps to limit the volume of your Personal Data that we Process to what is necessary.
We take reasonable steps to ensure that your Personal Data that we Process is limited to the Personal Data reasonably necessary in connection with the purposes set out in this Policy.
L. Data Retention
Summary
: We take reasonable steps to ensure that your Personal Data is only retained for as long as it is needed in connection with its lawful purpose.
We take reasonable steps to ensure that your Personal Data is only Processed for the minimum period necessary for the purposes set out in this Policy. The criteria for determining the duration for which we will retain your Personal Data is as follows:
1. We will retain Personal Data in a form that permits identification as long as:
we maintain an ongoing relationship with you (e.g., where you are lawfully included in our mailing list and have not unsubscribed); or
your Personal Data is necessary in connection with the lawful purposes set out in this Policy, for which we have a valid legal basis (e.g., where your Personal Data is included in a contract between us and your employer, and we have a legitimate interest in Processing that Personal Data for the purposes of operating our business and fulfilling our obligations under that contract; or where we have a legal obligation to retain your Personal Data)
Plus:
2. The duration of:
any applicable limitation period under applicable law (i.e., any period during which any person could bring a legal claim against us in connection with your Personal Data, or to which your Personal Data is relevant); and
an additional two (2) month period following the end of such applicable limitation period (so that, if a person brings a claim at the end of the limitation period, we are still afforded a reasonable amount of time in which to identify any Personal Data that is relevant to that claim),
And:
3. In addition, if any relevant legal claims are brought, we continue to Process Personal Data for such additional periods as are necessary in connection with that claim.
During the periods noted above, we will restrict our Processing of your Personal Data to storage of, and maintaining the security of, those data, except to the extent that those data need to be reviewed in connection with any legal claim, or any obligation under applicable law.
Once the periods noted above, each to the extent applicable, have concluded, we will either:
permanently delete or destroy the relevant Personal Data; or
anonymise the relevant Personal Data.
M. Your Legal Rights
Summary
: Subject to applicable law, you may have a number of rights, including: the right not to provide your Personal Data to us; the right of access to your Personal Data; the right to request rectification of inaccuracies; the right to request the erasure, or restriction of Processing, of your Personal Data; the right to object to the Processing of your Personal Data; the right to have your Personal Data transferred to another Controller; the right to withdraw consent; and the right to lodge complaints with Data Protection Authorities. In some cases it will be necessary to provide evidence of your identity before we can give effect to these rights.
Subject to applicable law, you may have the following rights regarding the Processing of your Relevant Personal Data:
the right not to provide your Personal Data to us (however, please note that we will be unable to provide you with the full benefit of our Sites, products, or services, if you do not provide us with your Personal Data – e.g., we might not be able to process your requests without the necessary details);
the right to request access to, or copies of, your Relevant Personal Data, together with information regarding the nature, Processing and disclosure of that Relevant Personal Data;
the right to request rectification (or correction) of any inaccuracies in your Relevant Personal Data;
the right to request, on legitimate grounds: erasure of your Relevant Personal Data or restriction of Processing of your Relevant Personal Data
the right to have certain Relevant Personal Data transferred to another Controller, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, to the extent applicable;
where we Process your Relevant Personal Data on the basis of your consent, the right to withdraw that consent (noting that such withdrawal does not affect the lawfulness of any Processing performed prior to the date on which we receive notice of such withdrawal, and does not prevent the Processing of your Personal Data in reliance upon any other available legal bases); and
the right to lodge complaints regarding the Processing of your Relevant Personal Data with a Data Protection Authority (in particular, the Data Protection Authority of the EU Member State in which you live, or in which you work, or in which the alleged infringement occurred, each if applicable).
Subject to applicable law, you may also have the following additional rights regarding the Processing of your Relevant Personal Data:
the right to object, on grounds relating to your particular situation, to the Processing of your Relevant Personal Data by us or on our behalf, where such processing is based on Articles 6(1)(e) (public interest) or 6(1)(f) (legitimate interests) of the GDPR;
the right to object to the Processing of your Relevant Personal Data by us or on our behalf for direct marketing purposes; and
opt you out of the automated processing of your Personal Data in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects, if applicable.
This does not affect your statutory rights.
To exercise one or more of these rights, or to ask a question about these rights or any other provision of this Policy, or about our Processing of your Personal Data, you may submit your request via
https://preferences.paddle.com/privacy
.
Please note that:
in some cases it will be necessary to provide evidence of your identity before we can give effect to these rights;
where your request requires the establishment of additional facts (e.g., a determination of whether any Processing is non-compliant with applicable law) we will investigate your request reasonably promptly, before deciding what action to take; and
certain information may be exempt from such requests under applicable law.
Depending on applicable law, you may have the right to appeal our decision to deny your request. You can contact us as set forth above to appeal such decision.
N. Cookies and Similar Technologies
Summary
: We Process Personal Data by using Cookies and similar technologies. For more information, please see our Cookie Policy.
When you visit a Site we will typically place Cookies onto your device, or read Cookies already on your device, subject always  to obtaining your consent, where required, in accordance with applicable law. We use Cookies to record information about your device, your browser and, in some cases, your preferences and browsing habits. We Process Personal Data through Cookies and similar technologies, in accordance with our
Cookie Policy
.
O. Terms of Use
Summary
: All Suppliers are subject to Terms of Use that govern all use of our Site.
All use of our Merchant of Record services is subject to each Supplier’s Terms of Use. We recommend that you review your applicable Terms of Use to ensure that you are aware of your obligations and where applicable, regularly in order to review any changes we might make from time to time as this may influence your rights under this Policy.
P. Terms of Sale
Summary
: Our Buyer Terms and Conditions govern the sale of all Products by Paddle.
All sales of Products are subject to our
Buyer Terms and Conditions
. We recommend that you review these regularly, in order to review any changes we might make from time to time as this may influence your rights under this Policy.
Q. Direct Marketing
Summary
: We Process Personal Data to contact you with information regarding Sites, products, or services that may be of interest to you. You may unsubscribe for free at any time.
We Process Personal Data to contact you via email, telephone, direct mail or other communication formats to provide you with information regarding Sites, products, or services that may be of interest to you. We also Process Personal Data for the purposes of displaying content tailored to your use of our Sites, products, or services. If we provide Sites, products, or services to you, we may send or display information to you regarding our Sites, products, or services, upcoming promotions and other information that may be of interest to you, including by using the contact details that you have provided to us, or any other appropriate means, subject always to obtaining your prior opt-in consent to the extent required under applicable law.
You may change your preferences, or unsubscribe from our promotional email list at any time by simply clicking on the unsubscribe link included in every promotional electronic communication and updating your communication preferences. Please note that it may take up to a month to process your unsubscribe request during which time you may continue to receive communications from us. After you unsubscribe, we will not send you further promotional emails, but in some circumstances we will continue to contact you to the extent necessary for the purposes of any Sites, products, or services you have requested (for example, we may send you emails about your Paddle projects or our ongoing business relationship). R. California Consumer Privacy Act Disclosures
R. California Disclosures
Summary
: Under the California Consumer Privacy Act as amended (“CCPA”), we must disclose our practices regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of the Personal Information of California Residents (“Consumers”). Consumers are also afforded additional rights with regard to the Personal Information that we collect about them that include the rights of access, deletion, and to be free from discrimination. This section of our Privacy Policy includes the disclosures required by the CCPA.
Collection of Personal Information:
We have collected and will collect the following general categories of Personal Information about Consumers, relative to your relationship with Paddle:
Personal identifiers, such as names, aliases, postal addresses, unique personal identifiers, online identifiers, internet protocol addresses, email addresses, account names, social security numbers, driver’s license numbers, and passport numbers,
Categories of Personal Information enumerated in Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e) including names, addresses, telephone numbers, credit and debit card identifiers;
Protected classifications, including sex, age, and national origin;
Commercial information, including products or Services you have purchased, and your purchasing history;
Internet or other electronic network activity information;
Geolocation data;
Audio, visual or similar information;
Professional or employment related information;
Education information; and
Inferences drawn from your personal information for use in creating a consumer profile (e.g. behaviour).
Please note that not all of the above will apply to you, as it will depend on your relationship with Paddle (e.g. Employee, customer, etc).
Use of Personal Information
We may use the categories of Personal Information described above for the following business or commercial purposes:
Advancing our commercial or economic business interests through our services and products to our Suppliers and customers;
Maintaining and servicing Supplier accounts;
Auditing Supplier activity on our Sites;
Processing or fulfilling orders and transactions;
Processing, managing, and accounting for transactions;
Providing customer support and support to Suppliers;
Verifying customer and Supplier information;
For short term, transient uses (such as contextual advertising);
To understand and enhance your experience on our Sites or with our services by utilising analytic services;
Advertising our services;
Linking or combining it with information received from third parties to help understand your needs and provide you with an enhanced service;
Performing internal research for technological development;
Ensuring and improving the quality and safety of our services and products;
Debugging to address impairments to operational functionality;
Detecting security incidents;
Complying with applicable law and law enforcement requirements;
Protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity and assisting in the prosecution of those responsible for such activities; and
Defending against or bringing legal action, claims and other liabilities.
Categories of Sources of Personal Information
We collect or obtain Personal Information about you from the following sources:
You: We obtain Personal Information when you provide it to us (e.g., where you create an account, purchase products, participate in research, where you contact us via email or telephone, provide us information during meetings, at trade shows, during visits from sales or marketing representatives, or at events we attend, or by any other means, or when you submit a job application), and when you visit any of our Sites or use any features or resources available on or through a Site.
Collaborations: We obtain Personal Information when you collaborate with us in research or in an advisory/consultancy capacity.
Public sources: We collect or obtain Personal Information that you manifestly choose to make public, including via social media (e.g., we may collect information from your social media profile(s), if you make a public post about us).
Registration details: We collect or obtain Personal Information when you use, or register to use, any of our Sites or services.
Third Party content and advertising partners: If you interact with any third party content or advertising on a Site (including third party plugins and cookies) we receive Personal Information from the relevant third party provider of that content or advertising.
Other third party sources: We collect or obtain Personal Information from third parties who provide it to us (e.g., credit reference agencies; law enforcement authorities; etc.).
Disclosures of Personal Information
We do not Sell any Personal Information to third parties. In particular, we do not Sell the personal information of minors under 16 years of age.
In the preceding 12 months, we have disclosed the following categories of personal information to the following categories of recipients.
The following is the categories of recipients to which we disclose information and the categories of Personal Information disclosed:
To:
Legal and regulatory authorities, upon request, or for the purposes of reporting any actual or suspected breach of applicable law or regulation;
Personal Identifiers;
Categories of personal information enumerated in Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)
Commercial Information
Internet or other electronic network activity information
Geolocation data;
Inferences for use in creating a consumer profile
Accountants, auditors, consultants, lawyers and other outside professional advisors to Paddle, subject to binding contractual obligations of confidentiality;
Personal identifiers;
Categories of Personal Information enumerated in Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e);
Protected classifications (if provided);
Commercial information;
Geolocation data;
Professional or employment related information;
Inferences drawn from your personal information for use in creating a consumer profile.
Third-party Processors (such as payment services providers etc.), located anywhere in the world, subject to the requirements noted in Section (G);
Personal identifiers;
Categories of Personal Information enumerated in Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e);
Commercial information;
Internet or other electronic network activity information;
Geolocation data;
Professional or employment related information;
Education information;
Inferences drawn from your personal information for use in creating a consumer profile.
Any relevant party, regulatory body, governmental authority, law enforcement agency or court, to the extent necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims;
Personal identifiers;
Categories of Personal Information enumerated in Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)
Protected classifications;
Commercial information;
Internet or other electronic network activity information;
Geolocation data;
Professional or employment related information;
Inferences drawn from your personal information for use in creating a consumer profile.
Any relevant party, regulatory body, governmental authority, law enforcement agency or court, for the purposes of prevention, investigation, detection or prosecution of criminal offences or the execution of criminal penalties;
Personal identifiers;
Categories of Personal Information enumerated in Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e);
Commercial information;
Internet or other electronic network activity information;
Geolocation data;
Any relevant third party provider, where our Sites use third party advertising, plugins or content;
Personal identifiers;
Commercial information;
Internet or other electronic network activity information;
Inferences drawn from your personal information for use in creating a consumer profile.
Retention
We determine the duration for which we will retain your Personal Data is as follows:
The status of our ongoing relationship with you (e.g. where you are lawfully included in our mailing list and have not unsubscribed); or
If your Personal Data is necessary in connection with the lawful purposes set out in this Policy, for which we have a valid legal basis (e.g. where your Personal Data is included in a contract between us and your employer, and we have a legitimate interest in Processing that Personal Data for the purposes of operating our business and fulfilling our obligations under that contract; or where we have a legal obligation to retain your Personal Data).
Plus, the duration of:
any applicable limitation period under applicable law (i.e. any period during which any person could bring a legal claim against us in connection with your Personal Data, or to which your Personal Data is relevant); and
an additional two (2) month period following the end of such applicable limitation period (so that, if a person brings a claim at the end of the limitation period, we are still afforded a reasonable amount of time in which to identify any Personal Data that is relevant to that claim).
And:
In addition, if any relevant legal claim are brought, we continue to Process Personal Data for such additional periods as are necessary in connection with that claim.
S. Consumer Rights Under the CCPA
Summary
: Subject to the CCPA, you may have a number of rights, including: the right to know about your Personal Information, right to request the deletion of your Personal Information, the right to opt out of a Sale or Sharing of your Personal Information, the right to correct inaccurate records of your Personal Information, the right to limit the use and disclosure of any Sensitive Personal Information and the right to non-discrimination when you exercise your rights under the CCPA
You may make a request to exercise a right as set forth above. Generally, in order to verify your request, we will compare the Personal Information we already hold about you to the Personal Information we will request in the course of processing your request. The Personal Information required for verification may include your name and email address, or further information if we reasonably believe it is necessary to verify you. To exercise your rights under the CCPA, please follow the instructions described in this section.
Right to Know About Personal Information.
Consumers have the right to request that we disclose the following information, in a readily useable format, covering the 12 month period preceding the request:
The categories of Personal Information we collected about you.
The purposes for which the categories of Personal Information collected about you will be used.
The categories of sources for the Personal Information we collected about you.
The categories of third parties with whom we share Personal Information.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting Personal Information.
The specific pieces of Personal Information we collected about you.
The categories of Personal Information we have disclosed for a business purpose.
Right to Request Deletion of Personal Information
. Consumers have the right to request that we delete any Personal Information that we have collected from them. Your request may be subject to certain exemptions under applicable laws.
We may keep a record of deletion requests solely as a record of compliance.
Right to correct inaccurate records of your Personal Information.
Consumers have the right to request that we use commercially reasonable efforts to correct any inaccurate Personal Information.
Right to opt out of a Sale or the Sharing of your Personal Information.
Please note that Paddle does not Sell or Share your information within the meaning of the California Privacy Acts.
Right to limit the use and disclosure of any Sensitive Personal Information.
Consumers have the right to direct a business to limit its use and disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information. Please note that Paddle will only collect and use Sensitive Personal Information where it is absolutely required to do so in the course of its relationship with you and all information collected is subjected to record retention timeframes based on law and industry standards.
Requests to know, correct, or delete data may be submitted via
preferences.paddle.com/privacy
Right to Non-Discrimination.
Consumers have the right to be free from discrimination as set forth in the CCPA when they exercise their Consumer rights under the CCPA.
Notice of Financial Incentive.
We do not offer financial incentives or a price or service difference to incentivise consumers to provide personal information.
Authorised Agent
. Under the CCPA, you may appoint an authorised agent to submit requests to exercise your rights on your behalf. Should you choose to do so, for your and our protection, we will require your authorised agent to provide us with a signed permission demonstrating that they are authorised to submit a request on your behalf. Should your authorised agent fail to submit proof that they have been authorised to act on your behalf, we will deny their request.
T. California's "Shine the Light" Law
Summary
:  California residents are entitled to request a notice describing what  categories of personal customer information We share with third parties.
Under California’s “Shine the Light” law, California residents are entitled to ask us for a notice describing what categories of personal customer information we share with third parties for the purposes of their direct marketing.
U. Details of Controllers
Summary
: There are several Paddle entities that act as Controllers for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.
For the purposes of this Policy, the relevant Controllers are:
Paddle.com Market Limited
of Judd House, 18-29 Mora Street, London, EC1V 8BT, UK
Paddle Payments Limited
of The Academy, 42 Pearse Street, Dublin, D02 YX88, Ireland
Paddle.com Inc.
of 3811 Ditmars Blvd, #1071 Astoria, New York, 11105-1803, USA
V. Definitions
“Adequate Jurisdiction”
means a country or territory recognised as providing an adequate level of protection for Personal Data under an adequacy decision made, from time to time, by (as applicable) (i) the Information Commissioner’s Office and/or under applicable UK law (including the UK GDPR), and/ or (ii) the European Commission under the EU GDPR.
“California Resident”
or
“Consumer”
means (1) every individual who is residing in the State of California for other than a temporary or transitory purpose, and (2) every individual who is domiciled in the State of California who is outside the state for a temporary or transitory purpose.
“Controller”
means the entity that decides how and why Personal Data is Processed. In many jurisdictions, the Controller has primary responsibility for complying with applicable data protection laws.
“Cookie”
means a small file that is placed on your device when you visit a website (including our Sites). In this Policy, a reference to a “Cookie” includes analogous technologies.
“Data Protection Authority”
means an independent public authority that is legally tasked with overseeing compliance with applicable data protection laws.
“EEA”
means the European Economic Area.
“GDPR”
means the General Data Protection Regulation ((EU) 2016/679) (“
EU GDPR
”); the Data Protection Act 2018 and the UK General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (as implemented by the Data Protection, Privacy and Electronic Communications (Amendments etc) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019 and the Data Protection, Privacy and Electronic Communications (Amendments etc) (EU Exit) Regulations 2020) (the "
UK GDPR
"), as applicable;
“Merchant of Record”
means the licensed reseller of software and digital products and the business that is carried on by Paddle.
“Personal Data
” and
“Personal Information”
means information that is about any individual, or from which any individual is directly or indirectly identifiable, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that individual.
“Process”
,
“Processing”
or
“Processed”
means anything that is done with any Personal Data, whether or not by automated means, such as collection, recording, organisation, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction.
“Processor”
means any person or entity that Processes Personal Data on behalf of the Controller (other than employees of the Controller).
“Product”
means the Supplier’s software product(s) and/or digital content and any subsequent updates and upgrades thereto agreed to be resold or distributed by Paddle.
“Relevant Personal Data”
means Personal Data in respect of which we are the Controller.
“Sell”
has the meaning ascribed to it in section 1798.140 of the CCPA.
“Sensitive Personal Data”
means Personal Data about race or ethnicity, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, biometric data, physical or mental health, sexual life, any actual or alleged criminal offences or penalties, national identification number, or any other information that is deemed to be sensitive under applicable law.
“Sensitive Personal Information”
means Personal Information that reveals an Consumer’s social security, driver’s license, state identification card, passport number, account log-in, financial account, debit card or credit card number in combination with any required security or access code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account, precise geolocation, racial or ethnic origin, religious or philosophical beliefs, or union membership or the contents of a Consumer’s mail, email, and text messages unless the business is the intended recipient of the communication; or genetic data
“Share”
means communicating orally, in writing, or by electronic or other means, a Consumer’s Personal Information to a third party for cross-context behavioural advertising, whether or not for monetary or other valuable consideration
“Site”
means any website operated, or maintained, by us or on our behalf.
“Standard Contractual Clauses”
means i) where the EU GDPR applies, the contractual clauses annexed to the European Commission's Implementing Decision 2021/914 of 4 June 2021 on standard contractual clauses for the transfer of personal data to third countries pursuant to Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council incorporating Module 1 (Controller to Controller transfers) (EU SCCs); and ii) where the UK GDPR applies, the template Addendum B.1.0 issued by the UK's Information Commissioner's Office and approved by Parliament in accordance with s119A of the Data Protection Act 2018 (UK Approved Addendum) and the accompanying Mandatory Clauses of the UK Approved Addendum, as updated from time to time and/or replaced by any further version published by the Information Commissioner's Office (UK Mandatory Clauses)
“Supplier”
means a party which has appointed Paddle to be its Merchant of Record and reseller of its Products
“UK”
means the United Kingdom
Sub-policy 1
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/:
Choose another country or region to see content specific to your location and shop online.
Ireland
Ireland
Other country or region
Continue
Apple
Store
Shop the Latest
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
Accessories
Find a Store
Order Status
Apple Trade In
Financing
Personal Setup
Certified Refurbished
Education
Business
Veterans and Military
Government
Mac
Explore All Mac
MacBook Air
MacBook Pro
iMac
Mac mini
Mac Studio
Mac Pro
Displays
Compare Mac
Switch from PC to Mac
Shop Mac
Help Me Choose
Mac Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Mac Support
AppleCare+ for Mac
macOS Sequoia
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
Continuity
iCloud+
Mac for Business
Education
iPad
Explore All iPad
iPad Pro
iPad Air
iPad
iPad mini
Apple Pencil
Keyboards
Compare iPad
Why iPad
Shop iPad
iPad Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
iPad Support
AppleCare+ for iPad
iPadOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iCloud+
Education
iPhone
Explore All iPhone
iPhone 16 Pro
iPhone 16
iPhone 16e
iPhone 15
Compare iPhone
Switch from Android
Shop iPhone
iPhone Accessories
Apple Trade In
Carrier Deals at Apple
Financing
iPhone Support
AppleCare+ for iPhone
iOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iPhone Privacy
iCloud+
Wallet, Pay, Card
Siri
Watch
Explore All Apple Watch
Apple Watch Series 10
Apple Watch Ultra 2
Apple Watch SE
Apple Watch Nike
Apple Watch Hermès
Compare Watch
Why Apple Watch
Shop Apple Watch
Apple Watch Studio
Apple Watch Bands
Apple Watch Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Apple Watch Support
AppleCare+
watchOS 11
Apple Watch For Your Kids
Apps by Apple
Apple Fitness+
Vision
Explore Apple Vision Pro
Guided Tour
Tech Specs
Shop Apple Vision Pro
Apple Vision Pro Accessories
Book a Demo
Financing
Apple Vision Pro Support
AppleCare+
visionOS 2
AirPods
Explore All AirPods
AirPods 4
AirPods Pro 2
AirPods Max
Compare AirPods
Shop AirPods
AirPods Accessories
AirPods Support
AppleCare+ for Headphones
Hearing Health
Apple Music
TV & Home
Explore TV & Home
Apple TV 4K
HomePod
HomePod mini
Shop Apple TV 4K
Shop HomePod
Shop HomePod mini
Shop Siri Remote
TV & Home Accessories
Apple TV Support
HomePod Support
AppleCare+
Apple TV app
Apple TV+
Home app
Apple Music
Siri
AirPlay
Entertainment
Explore Entertainment
Apple One
Apple TV+
Apple Music
Apple Arcade
Apple Fitness+
Apple News+
Apple Podcasts
Apple Books
App Store
Apple TV+ Support
Apple Music Support
Accessories
Shop All Accessories
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
TV & Home
Made by Apple
Beats by Dr. Dre
AirTag
Support
iPhone
Mac
iPad
Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Music
TV
Explore Support
Community
Check Coverage
Repair
Get AppleCare+
Apple Account and Password
Billing & Subscriptions
Accessibility
5 total results
Find a Store
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Apple Intelligence
Apple Trade In
0
+
Privacy
Local Nav Open Menu
Local Nav Close Menu
Overview
Features
Control
Labels
Transparency Report
Privacy Policy
English
Choose your preferred language
At Apple, we believe strongly in fundamental privacy rights — and that those fundamental rights should not differ depending on where you live in the world.
That’s why we treat any data that relates to an identified or identifiable individual or that is linked or linkable to them by Apple as “personal data,” no matter where the individual lives.
This means that data that directly identifies you — such as your name — is personal data, and also data that does not directly identify you, but that can reasonably be used to identify you — such as the serial number of your device — is personal data. Aggregated data is considered non‑personal data for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy covers how
Apple or an Apple-affiliated company
(collectively, “Apple”) handles personal data whether you interact with us on our websites, through Apple apps (such as Apple Music or Wallet), or in person (including by phone or when visiting an Apple Store). Apple may also link to third parties on our services or make third-party apps available for download in our App Store. Apple’s Privacy Policy does not apply to how third parties define personal data or how they use it. We encourage you to read their privacy policies and know your privacy rights before interacting with them.
At Apple, we respect your ability to know, access, correct, transfer, restrict the processing of, and delete your personal data. We have provided these rights to our global customer base and if you choose to exercise these privacy rights, you have the right not to be treated in a discriminatory way nor to receive a lesser degree of service from Apple. Where you are requested to consent to the processing of your personal data by Apple, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
To exercise your privacy rights and choices, including where a third-party service provider is acting on Apple’s behalf, visit the Apple Data and Privacy page at
privacy.apple.com
for Apple or
shazam.com/privacy
for Shazam.
To help protect the security of your personal data, you must sign in to your account and your identity will be verified. If you want to obtain a copy of personal data that is not currently available from
privacy.apple.com
, you can make a request at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the applicable regulator.
There may be situations where we cannot grant your request — for example, if you ask us to delete your transaction data and Apple is legally obligated to keep a record of that transaction to comply with law. We may also decline to grant a request where doing so would undermine our legitimate use of data for anti-fraud and security purposes, such as when you request deletion of an account that is being investigated for security concerns. Other reasons your privacy request may be denied are if it jeopardizes the privacy of others, is frivolous or vexatious, or would be extremely impractical or unreasonable.
If you live in California and you cannot access Apple’s Data and Privacy page,
you or your authorized agent can make a request at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
or by calling 1-800-275-2273.
For more information on exercising your rights, visit
support.apple.com/102283
.
At Apple, we believe that you can have great products and great privacy. This means that we strive to
collect only the personal data that we need
. The personal data Apple collects depends on how you interact with Apple. Descriptions of how Apple handles personal data for certain individual services are available at
apple.com/legal/privacy/data
.
When you create an Apple Account, apply for commercial credit, purchase and/or activate a product or device, download a software update, register for a class at an Apple Store, connect to our services, contact us (including by social media), participate in an online survey, or otherwise interact with Apple, we may collect a variety of information, including:
Account Information.
Your Apple Account and related account details, including email address, devices registered, account status, and age
Device Information.
Data from which your device could be identified, such as device serial number, or about your device, such as browser type
Contact Information
. Data such as name, email address, physical address, phone number, or other contact information
Payment Information. Data about your billing address and method of payment, such as bank details, credit, debit, or other payment card information
Transaction Information.
Data about purchases of Apple products and services or transactions facilitated by Apple, including purchases on Apple platforms
Fraud Prevention Information.
Data used to help identify and prevent fraud, including a device trust score
Usage Data.
Data about your activity on and use of our offerings, such as app launches within our services, including browsing history; search history; product interaction; crash data, performance and other diagnostic data; and other usage data
Location Information
. Precise location only to support services such as Find My or where you agree for region-specific services, and coarse location
Health Information.
Data relating to the health status of an individual, including data related to one’s physical or mental health or condition. Personal health data also includes data that can be used to make inferences about or detect the health status of an individual. If you participate in a study using an Apple Health Research Study app, the policy governing the privacy of your personal data is described in the
Apple Health Study Apps Privacy Policy
.
Fitness Information.
Details relating to your fitness and exercise information where you choose to share them
Financial Information.
Details including salary, income, and assets information where collected, and information related to Apple-branded financial offerings
Government ID Data.
In certain jurisdictions, we may ask for a government-issued ID in limited circumstances, including when setting up a wireless account and activating your device, for the purpose of extending commercial credit, managing reservations, or as required by law
Other Information You Provide to Us.
Details such as the content of your communications with Apple, including interactions with customer support and contacts through social media channels
You are not required to provide the personal data that we have requested. However, if you choose not to do so, in many cases we will not be able to provide you with our products or services or respond to requests you may have.
Apple may receive personal data about you from other
individuals
, from businesses or third parties acting
at your direction
, from our
partners
who work with us to provide our products and services and assist us in security and fraud prevention, and from other
lawful sources.
Individuals.
Apple may collect data about you from other individuals — for example, if that individual has sent you a product or gift card, invited you to participate in an Apple service or forum, or shared content with you.
At Your Direction.
You may direct other individuals or third parties to share data with Apple. For example, you may direct your mobile carrier to share data about your carrier account with Apple for account activation, or for your loyalty program to share information about your participation so that you can earn rewards for Apple purchases.
Apple Partners.
We may also validate the information you provide — for example, when creating an Apple Account, with a third party for security, and for fraud-prevention purposes.
To power features such as search and as a source for our foundational AI models, Apple uses Applebot, a web crawler, to crawl information that is publicly available on the internet. We have measures in place to reduce the amount of personal data we collect and make no attempt to connect data crawled to any individual Apple user, or to build profiles about individuals. Your private personal data is not used to train our foundational AI models. To exercise your right as an individual to opt out of processing, visit the
Apple Intelligence Privacy Inquiries form
. For more information about Applebot, visit
support.apple.com/120320
.
For research and development purposes, we may use datasets such as those that contain images, voices, or other data that could be associated with an identifiable person. When acquiring such datasets, we do so in accordance with applicable law, including law in the jurisdiction in which the dataset is hosted. When using such datasets for research and development, we do not attempt to reidentify individuals who may appear therein.
Apple uses personal data to power our services, to process your transactions, to communicate with you, for security and fraud prevention, and to comply with law. We may also use personal data for other purposes with your consent.
Apple uses your personal data only when we have a valid legal basis to do so.
Depending on the circumstance, Apple may rely on your consent or the fact that the processing is necessary to fulfill a contract with you, protect your vital interests or those of other persons, or to comply with law. We may also process your personal data where we believe it is in our or others’ legitimate interests, taking into consideration your interests, rights, and expectations. More information is available in the product-specific information embedded in our products and features as described above. If you have questions about the legal basis, you can contact the Data Protection Officer at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
.
Power Our Services.
Apple collects personal data necessary to power our services, which may include personal data collected to improve our offerings, for internal purposes such as auditing or data analysis, or for troubleshooting. For example, if you would like to access a song through an Apple Music subscription, we collect data on what songs you play in order to provide you with the content requested and for royalty purposes.
Process Your Transactions.
To process transactions, Apple must collect data such as your name, purchase, and payment information.
Communicate with You.
To respond to communications, reach out to you about your transactions or account, market our products and services, provide other relevant information, or request information or feedback. From time to time, we may use your personal data to send important notices, such as communications about purchases and changes to our terms, conditions, and policies. Because this information is important to your interaction with Apple, you may not opt out of receiving these important notices.
Security and Fraud Prevention.
To protect individuals, employees, and Apple and for loss prevention and to prevent fraud, including to protect individuals, employees, and Apple for the benefit of all our users, and prescreening or scanning uploaded content for potentially illegal content, including child sexual exploitation material.
Personal Data Used for Personalization.
If you choose to personalize your services or communications where such options are available, Apple will use information that we collect so that we can offer you those personalized services or communications. You can learn more about how relevant services use information to personalize your experience by reviewing the privacy information presented when you first use a service that asks to use your personal data. We make this information easy to find by presenting it with our Data & Privacy icon; it’s also available at all times on your Apple device and online at
apple.com/legal/privacy/data
.
Comply with Law.
To comply with applicable law — for example, to satisfy tax or reporting obligations, or to comply with a lawful governmental request.
Apple does not use algorithms or profiling to make any decision that would significantly affect you without the opportunity for human review. Apple also does not use or disclose sensitive personal data for any purposes that would require a user to exercise a right to limit processing according to California law.
Apple retains personal data only for so long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected, including as described in this Privacy Policy or in our service-specific privacy notices, or as required by law. We will retain your personal data for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy and our service-specific privacy notices. When assessing retention periods, we first carefully examine whether it is necessary to retain the personal data collected and, if retention is required, work to retain the personal data for the shortest possible period permissible under law.
Apple may share personal data with
Apple-affiliated companies
,
service providers
who act on our behalf, our
partners
,
developers, and publishers
, or others
at your direction
. Further, Apple does not share personal data with third parties for their own marketing purposes.
Service Providers.
Apple may engage third parties to act as our service providers and perform certain tasks on our behalf, such as processing or storing data, including personal data, in connection with your use of our services and delivering products to customers. Apple service providers are obligated to handle personal data consistent with this Privacy Policy and according to our instructions. They cannot use the personal data we share for their own purposes and must delete or return the personal data once they’ve fulfilled our request.
Partners.
At times, Apple may partner with third parties to provide services or other offerings. For example, Apple financial offerings like Apple Card and Apple Cash are offered by Apple and our partners. Apple requires its partners to protect your personal data.
Developers and Publishers from Whom You Get a Subscription.
If you purchase a third-party subscription from the App Store or within Apple News, we create a Subscriber ID that is unique to you and the developer or publisher. The Subscriber ID may be used to provide reports to the developer or publisher, which include information about the subscription you purchased and your country of residence. If you cancel all of your subscriptions from a particular developer or publisher, the Subscriber ID will reset after 180 days if you do not resubscribe. This information is provided to developers or publishers so that they can understand the performance of their subscriptions.
Others.
Apple may share personal data with others at your direction or with your consent, such as when we share information with your carrier to activate your account. We may also disclose information about you if we determine that for purposes of national security, law enforcement, or other issues of public importance, disclosure is necessary or appropriate. We may also disclose information about you where there is a lawful basis for doing so, if we determine that disclosure is reasonably necessary to enforce our terms and conditions or to protect our operations or users, or in the event of a reorganization, merger, or sale.
Apple does not sell your personal data including as “sale” is defined in Nevada and California. Apple also does not “share” your personal data as that term is defined in California.
At Apple, we believe that great privacy rests on great security. We use
administrative, technical, and physical safeguards
to protect your personal data, taking into account the nature of the personal data and the processing, and the threats posed. We are constantly working to improve on these safeguards to help keep your personal data secure. For more information, visit our
Apple Platform Security
guide.
Apple understands the importance of safeguarding the personal data of children, which we consider to be an
individual under the age of 13 or the equivalent age as specified by law in your jurisdiction
. That is why Apple has implemented additional processes and protections to help keep children’s personal data safe.
To access certain Apple services, a child must have a child Apple Account. A child Apple Account may be created by the
parent
or, in the case of a Managed Apple Account, by the
child’s educational institution
.
Parents.
To create a child account, parents must review the
Family Privacy Disclosure for Children
, which describes how Apple handles children’s personal data. If they agree, the parent must provide Apple with a verifiable parental consent.
Educational Institutions.
Educational institutions that participate in the Apple School Manager Program may also create Apple IDs for students, called “Managed Apple IDs.” These schools are required to agree to the
Managed Apple IDs for Students Disclosure
which is included as Exhibit A to the Apple School Manager Agreement.
If we learn that a child’s personal data was collected without appropriate authorization, it will be deleted as soon as possible.
To exercise privacy rights for your child’s information, visit the Apple Data and Privacy page at
privacy.apple.com
and sign in to their account.
Apple’s websites, online services, interactive applications, and advertisements may use
“cookies” and other technologies
such as web beacons.
These technologies help us to better understand user behavior including for security and fraud prevention purposes, tell us which parts of our websites people have visited, and facilitate and measure the effectiveness of advertisements and web searches.
Communications Cookies.
These cookies are used to enable network traffic to and from Apple’s systems, including by helping us detect any errors.
Strictly Necessary Cookies.
These cookies are set as required to provide a specific feature or service that you have accessed or requested. For example, they allow us to display our websites in the proper format and language, to authenticate and verify your transactions, and to preserve the contents of your Bag when shopping online at
apple.com
.
Other Cookies.
These cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with our websites and online services, including by helping us to assess the effectiveness of advertisements and web searches. Apple also uses these cookies to remember choices you make while browsing, so we can provide you with a customized experience.
If you prefer that Apple not use cookies, we provide you with the means to disable their use. If you want to disable cookies and you’re using the Safari web browser, choose “Block all cookies” in Safari’s privacy settings. If you are using a different browser, check with your provider to find out how to disable cookies. Certain features of the Apple website may not be available if all cookies are disabled.
In addition to cookies, Apple uses other technologies that help us achieve similar objectives.
In some email messages Apple sends to you, we provide a “click-through URL” that links you to content on the Apple website. When you click one of these URLs, they pass through a separate server before arriving at the destination page on our website. We track this click-through to help us determine interest in particular topics and measure whether we are communicating with you effectively. If you prefer not to be tracked in this way, you should not click graphic or text links in email messages.
Apple generally treats data we collect using these cookies and similar technologies as non-personal data.
However, to the extent that Internet Protocol (IP) addresses or similar identifiers are considered personal data by local law, we also treat these identifiers as personal data in those regions. In addition, Apple sometimes combines non-personal data collected from these technologies with other personal data Apple holds. When we combine data in this way, we treat the combined data as personal data for purposes of this Privacy Policy.
Ads that are delivered by Apple’s advertising platform may appear on the App Store, Apple News, Stocks, and Apple TV app depending on your location. Apple’s advertising platform does not track you, meaning that it does not link user or device data collected from our apps with user or device data collected from third parties for targeted advertising or advertising measurement purposes, and does not share user or device data with data brokers.
If you do not want to receive ads targeted to your interests from Apple's advertising platform in those apps, you can choose to disable Personalized Ads, which will opt your Apple Account out of receiving such ads regardless of what device you are using. On your iOS, iPadOS, or visionOS device, you can disable Personalized Ads by going to Settings > Privacy & Security > Apple Advertising and tapping to turn off Personalized Ads. On your Mac, you can disable Personalized Ads by going to System Settings > Privacy & Security > Privacy > Advertising, then deselecting Personalized Ads. You may still see ads in the App Store, Apple News, or Stocks based on context like your search query or the channel you are reading. If you disable Allow Apps to Request to Track, third-party apps cannot request to use the Advertising Identifier, a non-personal identifier served by the operating system on your device, to track you across apps and websites owned by other companies.
For more information about Apple-delivered advertising and privacy, visit
apple.com/legal/privacy/data/ww/apple-advertising
.
Apple products and offerings connect you to the world. To make that possible,
your personal data may be transferred to or accessed by entities around the world,
including Apple-affiliated companies, to perform processing activities such as those described in this Privacy Policy in connection with your use of our products and services. Apple complies with laws on the transfer of personal data between countries to help ensure your data is protected, wherever it may be.
The Apple entity that controls your personal data may differ depending on where you live.
For example, Apple Store information is controlled by individual retail entities in each country and Apple Media Services-related personal data may be controlled by various Apple entities as reflected in the terms of service. If you do not reside in the U.S., your personal data may be processed by Apple Inc. and other Apple-affiliated companies on behalf of the Apple entity controlling personal data for your jurisdiction. For example, Imagery and associated data collected by Apple around the world to improve Apple Maps and to support our Look Around feature is transferred to Apple Inc. in California.
Personal data relating to individuals in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland is controlled by Apple Distribution International Limited in Ireland. Apple’s international transfer of personal data collected in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland is governed by
Standard Contractual Clauses
. If you have questions or would like a copy of Apple’s Standard Contractual Clauses, you can contact us at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
.
Personal data collected by
Apple or an Apple-affiliated company
worldwide is generally stored by Apple Inc. in the United States. Regardless of where your personal data is stored, Apple maintains the same high level of protection and safeguarding measures.
Apple’s privacy practices, as described in this Privacy Policy, comply with the Global Cross-Border Privacy Rules (CBPRs) System and the Global Privacy Recognition for Processors (PRP) System. For more information about the Global CBPR and PRP Systems, visit
Global CBPR Forum
. To view our certifications, visit
CBPR System Compliance Directory
. For more information about the scope of our participation, or to submit a privacy inquiry through
BBB National Programs
, our Accountability Agent, visit:
Cross-Border Privacy Rules Program
Privacy Recognition for Processors Program
Personal data relating to individuals in the People’s Republic of China may be processed by Apple in countries outside of the People’s Republic of China, such as Apple Inc. in the United States or Apple Distribution International Limited in the Republic of Ireland. Where this occurs, it will be done in compliance with local laws, including the Personal Information Protection Law. For the purposes of processing set out in this Privacy Policy, Apple may also transfer such personal data to third-party service providers, who may in turn store or transfer the data outside of the People’s Republic of China. For more information, visit
China Mainland Privacy Disclosures
.
To make sure your personal data is secure, we communicate our privacy and security guidelines to Apple employees and strictly enforce privacy safeguards within the company.
If you have questions about Apple’s Privacy Policy or privacy practices including where a third-party service provider is acting on our behalf, or you would like to contact our Data Protection Officer, you can contact us at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
or call the
Apple Support number
for your country or region.
You can also ask us questions about how to submit a privacy complaint and we will endeavor to help.
Apple takes your privacy questions seriously. A dedicated team reviews your inquiry to determine how best to respond to your question or concern, including those inquiries received in response to an access or download request. In most cases, all substantive contacts receive a response within seven days. In other cases, we may require additional information or let you know that we need more time to respond.
Where your complaint indicates an improvement could be made in our handling of privacy issues, we will take steps to make such an update at the next reasonable opportunity. In the event that a privacy issue has resulted in a negative impact on you or another person, we will take steps to address that with you or that other person.
You may at any time — including if you are not satisfied with Apple’s response — refer your complaint to the applicable regulator. If you ask us, we will endeavor to provide you with information about relevant complaint avenues which may be applicable to your circumstances.
When there is a material change to this Privacy Policy, we’ll post a notice on this website at least a week in advance of doing so and contact you directly about the change if we have your data on file.
View our CBPR certification
View our PRP certification
Sub-policy 2
https://policies.google.com/privacy:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 3
http://www.google.com/privacypolicy.html:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Sub-policy 4
https://www.google.com/privacy/ads/:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Technologies
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
How Google uses cookies
How Google uses location information
How Google uses credit card numbers for payments
How Google Voice works
Google Product Privacy Guide
How Google retains data we collect
Advertising
Advertising keeps Google and many of the websites and services you use free of charge. We work hard to make sure that ads are safe, unobtrusive, and as relevant as possible. For example, you won’t see pop-up ads on Google, and we terminate the accounts of hundreds of thousands of publishers and advertisers that violate our policies each year – including ads containing malware, ads for counterfeit goods, or ads that attempt to misuse your personal information.
Google advertising services are experimenting with new ways of supporting the delivery and measurement of digital advertising in ways that better protect people’s privacy online via the
Privacy Sandbox
initiative on Chrome and Android. Users with the relevant Privacy Sandbox settings enabled in Chrome or Android may see relevant ads from Google’s advertising services based on
Topics
or
Protected Audience
data stored on their browser or mobile device. Google’s advertising services may also measure ad performance using
Attribution Reporting
data stored on their browser or mobile device.
More information on the Privacy Sandbox
.
How Google uses cookies in advertising
Cookies help to make advertising more effective. Without cookies, it’s harder for an advertiser to reach its audience, or to know how many ads were shown and how many clicks they received.
Many websites, such as news sites and blogs, partner with Google to show ads to their visitors. Working with our partners, we may use cookies for a number of purposes, such as to stop you from seeing the same ad over and over again, to detect and stop click fraud, and to show ads that are likely to be more relevant (such as ads based on websites you have visited).
We store a record of the ads we serve in our logs. These
server logs
typically include your web request, IP address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser or, if you are signed-in, that may uniquely identify you. We store this data for a number of reasons, the most important of which are to improve our services and to maintain the security of our systems. We anonymize this log data by removing part of the IP address (after 9 months) and cookie information (after 18 months).
Our advertising cookies
To help our partners manage their advertising and websites, we offer many products, including AdSense, AdWords, Google Analytics, and a range of DoubleClick-branded services. When you visit a page or see an ad that uses one of these products, either on Google services or on other sites and apps, various cookies may be sent to your browser.
These may be set from a few different domains, including google.com, doubleclick.net, googlesyndication.com, or googleadservices.com, or the domain of our partners’ sites. Some of our advertising products enable our partners to use other services in conjunction with ours (like an ad measurement and reporting service), and these services may send their own cookies to your browser. These cookies will be set from their domains.
See more detail about the
types of cookies used by Google
and our partners and
how we use them
.
How you can control advertising cookies
You can use
ad settings
to manage the Google ads you see and turn off personalized ads. Even if you turn off personalized ads, you may still see ads based on factors such as your general location derived from your IP address, your browser type, and your search terms.
You can also manage many companies’ cookies used for online advertising via the consumer choice tools created under self-regulation programs in many countries, such as the US-based
aboutads.info choices
page or the EU-based
Your Online Choices
.
Finally, you can
manage cookies in your web browser
.
Other technologies used in advertising
Google’s advertising systems may use other technologies, including Flash and HTML5, for functions like display of interactive ad formats. We may use the
IP address
, for example, to identify your general location, to measure the effectiveness of ads, and, depending on your settings, to improve the relevance of the ads you see. We may also select advertising based on information about your computer or device, such as the time and date, your device model, browser type, or sensors in your device like the accelerometer.
Location
Google’s ad products may receive or infer information about your location from a variety of sources. For example, we may use the IP address to identify your general location; we may receive precise location from your mobile device; we may infer your location from your search queries; and websites or apps that you use may send information about your location to us.  Google uses location information in our ads products to infer demographic information, to improve the relevance of the ads you see, to measure ad performance and to report aggregate statistics to advertisers.
Advertising identifiers for mobile apps
To serve ads in services where cookie technology may not be available (for example, in mobile applications), we may use technologies that perform similar functions to cookies. Sometimes Google links the identifier used for advertising on mobile applications to an advertising cookie on the same device in order to coordinate ads across your mobile apps and mobile browser. This can happen, for example, when you see an ad within an app that launches a web page in your mobile browser. This also helps us improve the reports we give to our advertisers on the effectiveness of their campaigns.
Ads you see on your device may be personalized based on its Advertising ID. On Android devices, you can:
Reset your device’s advertising ID
, which replaces the current ID with a new one. Apps can still show you personalized ads, but for a while they may not be as relevant or interesting to you.
Delete your device’s advertising ID
, which deletes the advertising ID and doesn't assign a new one. Apps can still show you ads, but they may not be as relevant or interesting to you. You won't see ads based on this advertising ID, but you may still see ads based on other factors, like the information you’ve shared with apps.
To make changes to the advertising ID on your Android device, follow the instructions below.
Android
Reset your device’s advertising ID
To reset your device’s advertising ID:
On your Android device, go to
Settings
.
Tap
Privacy
>
Ads
.
Tap
Reset advertising ID
and confirm your changes.
Delete your device’s advertising ID
To delete your device’s advertising ID:
On your Android device, go to
Settings
.
Tap
Privacy
>
Ads
.
Tap
Delete advertising ID
and confirm your changes.
Your advertising ID will be reset or deleted, but apps may have their own settings using other types of identifiers, which can also affect the types of ads you see.
On some older versions of Android
If your Android device’s version is 4.4 or older:
Open
Settings
Tap
Privacy
>
Advanced
>
Ads
Turn on
Opt out of Ads Personalization
and confirm your changes.
iOS
Devices with iOS use Apple’s Advertising Identifier. To learn more about your choices for use of this identifier, visit the
Settings
app on your device.
Connected TV/Over-the-Top
Advertising identifiers for connected TV
Connected TVs are another area where cookie technology is not available, and, instead, Google will rely on device identifiers designed for use in advertising to serve ads. Many connected TV devices support an identifier for advertising that is similar in function to mobile device identifiers. These identifiers are built to give users the option to reset them or to opt out of personalized advertising entirely.
The following “Ads” settings are available on TVs with the following consistent language:
Reset advertising ID
Delete advertising ID
Opt out of Ads Personalization (on or off)
Ads by Google (links to About Google ad personalization)
Your advertising ID (long string)
These Ads settings are available in the following paths on Google TV and Android TV respectively.
Google TV
Consistent path to Ads:
Settings
Privacy
Ads
Android TV
Ads settings show up in one of two general paths for Android TV depending on the TV manufacturer/model. In Android TV, partners have the freedom to adapt the Settings path. It’s up to the partner which path they use to best fit their custom TV experience but below are the common paths to Ad settings.
Path A:
Settings
About
Legal Information
Ads
Path B:
Settings
Devices Preferences
About
Legal Information
Ads
Non-Google Devices
Many connected TV devices support identifiers for advertising and offer ways for users to opt out of personalized advertising. A full list of those devices, and ways users can opt out, is kept updated on the Network Advertising Initiative’s website here:
https://thenai.org/opt-out/connected-tv-choices/
.
What determines the ads by Google that I see?
Many decisions are made to determine which ad you see.
Sometimes the ad you see is based on your current or past location. Your IP address is usually a good indication of your approximate location. So you might see an ad on the homepage of YouTube.com that promotes a forthcoming movie in your country, or a search for ‘pizza’ might return results for pizza places in your town.
Sometimes the ad you see is based on the context of a page. If you’re looking at a page of gardening tips, you might see ads for gardening equipment.
Sometimes you might also see an ad on the web that’s based on your app activity or activity on Google services; an in-app ad that’s based on your web activity; or an ad based on your activity on another device.
Sometimes the ad you see on a page is served by Google but selected by another company. For example, you might have registered with a newspaper website. From information you’ve given the newspaper, it can make decisions about which ads to show you, and it can use Google’s ad serving products to deliver those ads.
The ad you see on a household device, such as a connected TV (such as a Smart TV), may be related to the web or app activity from devices within the same household.
You may also see ads on Google products and services, including Search, Gmail, and YouTube, based on information, such as your email address, that you provided to advertisers and the advertisers then shared with Google.
Why am I seeing ads by Google for products I’ve viewed?
You may see ads for products you previously viewed. Let’s suppose you visit a website that sells golf clubs, but you don’t buy those clubs on your first visit. The website owner might want to encourage you to return and complete your purchase. Google offers services that let website operators target their ads to people who visited their pages.
For this to work, Google either reads a cookie that’s already in your browser or places a cookie in your browser when you visit the golfing site (assuming your browser lets this happen).
When you visit another site that works with Google, which may have nothing to do with golfing, you might see an ad for those golf clubs. That’s because your browser sends Google the same cookie. In turn, we may use that cookie to serve you an ad that could encourage you to buy those golf clubs.
Your visit to the golfing site may also be used by Google to show you personalized ads when you later search for golf clubs on Google.
We do have restrictions on this type of ad. For example, we prohibit advertisers from selecting an audience based on sensitive information, such as health information or religious beliefs.
Learn more about
Google ads
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Sub-policy 5
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information