Paste
Everyone
Developers
Designers
Content & Marketing
Use Cases
Help
Blog
Updates
Pricing
Try for free
Privacy policy
We respect your privacy and believe that the less we know about you, the better both for you and for us.
Effective date:
17 December 2024
In fact, we do not collect any personal data through Paste unless you voluntarily provide it to us (e.g., by sending a support email or subscribing to a newsletter). We limit the information we collect to the minimum necessary to provide you with our service and improve Paste. Our business is developing and selling software, not your personal data.
Below, we′ve provided detailed information on when and why we collect your personal data and how we use it. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully before providing any personal data to us.
Owner and operator of Paste
The desktop and mobile applications Paste (collectively, “
Paste
”) and the related website https://pasteapp.io (the “
Website
”) are owned and operated by Paste Team ApS (“
we
”, “
us
”, and “
our
”), registered in Frederiksberg, Denmark, Suomisvej 4, C/O La Oficina, CVR number 43121251.
When we ask you to provide us with your personal data or if you contact us, we act as a data controller with regard to your personal data. It means that we are responsible for deciding what personal data can be collected from you and how it can be used.
Data storage
Paste stores your data (clipboard history and pinboard items, search index, etc.) in binary and human-readable formats locally on your Mac or iOS device.
If you are using iCloud Sync, Paste stores a copy of your data in your personal iCloud storage to automatically synchronize it across your devices. You can disable iCloud Sync in Paste′s Preferences.
This data is not transferred to or stored on our servers, nor do we have access to, own, or use this data in any other manner.
Paste also stores your current subscription information in your iCloud storage to allow you to use it on all your devices.
You always have the option to disable Paste′s access to iCloud in the System Preferences, as well as delete all Paste′s data from iCloud.
Usage analytics
We collect information about the way you use Paste. This information is anonymized and cannot be used to personally identify you as a natural person. We′re only interested to know how many users use Paste, what features are used more often, and if there is anything we can do better. The analytics data may include:
anonymized user id;
device type, model, and identifier;
operating system;
language;
country, region, city;
application version;
application subscription information (plan, status, duration, etc.);
events performed within the application (e.g., “user completed onboarding”);
error codes and error messages.
We use
Mixpanel
to collect, store, and analyze this data.
We also measure and analyze the usage of the Website by using
Plausible
.
Crash reporting
If Paste crashes while you′re using it, we collect anonymized data about the crash to help us identify and hopefully fix the issues in a future update. This data contains information such as the state of the application, operating system, and device that you use. It does not include your personal data, and we cannot identify you as a natural person.
We use
Sentry
to collect and analyze crash reports.
Payments
When you make payments related to Paste, you submit your payment details to Apple or Setapp that process your payments. We do not collect your payment data and do not have any access to it. Please refer to the privacy policies of Apple and Setapp to check how they process your payment data.
Cookies
We do not use any cookies on the Website or Paste.
Support interactions
When you contact us via a contact form on the Website, a chat widget available on the Website, or by sending us an email, we collect your email address, name, and any other information you provided in your message voluntarily. This information is collected to help resolve your inquiry. If you would like to remove the emails you have sent, please let us know. The legal basis on which we rely is “pursuing our legitimate business interests (i.e., grow and maintain Paste and the Website) and “your consent” (for optional personal data that you voluntarily provide).
We use
Help Scout
for customer support and
Gmail
for personal messages sometimes.
Marketing messages
If you subscribe to our newsletter, provide us with your opt-in consent to receive commercial communication, or conclude a service contract with us, we may, from time to time, send you messages informing you about the new features of Paste or our special offers. Please note that you can opt-out from receiving such messages quickly and free of charge by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link that can be found in all our marketing messages. If necessary, you may also receive important technical notices from us and administrative service-related emails. Please note that such communication is not considered to be commercial communication, and you cannot opt-out from it.
We use
SendGrid
for transactional emails and newsletters.
Comments under blog posts
When you submit a comment under a blog post available on the Website, our blog service provider medium.com asks you to sign in or sign up by using your email address or social media account. We do not have access to the personal data that medium.com collects from you unless such data is featured in your comment or you decide to provide us with it. The legal basis on which we rely is “pursuing our legitimate business interests” (i.e., maintaining our blog and preventing abuse).
What if you refuse to provide your personal data?
If you decide not to provide us with your personal data when requested, we may not be able to perform the requested operation (e.g., to reply to you).
Disclosure of your personal data to third parties
We do not disclose your personal data to third parties unless it is necessary for the operation of Paste, the Website, or pursuing our legitimate business interests. Our data processors are the service providers that may have access to some of your personal data. You can find a list of processors that may have access to your personal data in the sections that describe the types of personal data collected by us.
When disclosing your personal data to our data processors, we make sure that the recipient can ensure an adequate level of protection to your personal data. For example, we make sure that the jurisdiction in which the recipient third party is located guarantees an adequate level of protection to personal data, or we conclude an agreement with the respective third party that ensures such protection (e.g., a data processing agreement based pre-approved standard contractual clauses).
We do not ever sell your personal data to third parties.
Protection of your data
We use industry-appropriate organizational and technical measures to protect your personal data from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, and disclosure. The security measures used by us include secured networks, strong passwords, limited access to your personal data by our staff, and anonymization of personal data (when possible).
Managing your data
You can exercise your rights listed below, unless, in very limited cases, the applicable law provides otherwise:
Right of access
: you can get a copy of your personal data that we store in our systems and a list of purposes for which your personal data is processed;
Right to rectification
: you can rectify inaccurate personal data that we hold about you;
Right to erasure
(“right to be forgotten”): you can ask us to erase your personal data from our systems;
Right to restriction
: you can ask us to restrict the processing of your personal data;
Right to data portability
: you can ask us to provide you with a copy of your personal data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and move that personal data to another processor;
Right to object
: you can ask us to stop processing your personal data;
Right to withdraw consent
: you have the right to withdraw your consent if you have provided one;
Right to complaint
: you can submit your complaint regarding our processing of your personal data.
If you would like to exercise any of your rights, please contact us by email at
help@pasteapp.io
and explain your request in detail. In order to verify the legitimacy of your request, we may ask you to provide us with an identifying piece of information that allows us to identify you in our system. We will answer your request within a reasonable time frame but no later than 30 days.
If you would like to launch a complaint about the way in which we process your personal data, we kindly ask you to contact us first and express your concerns. If we receive your complaint, we will investigate it and provide you with our response as soon as possible. If you are not satisfied with the outcome of your complaint, you have the right to lodge a complaint with your local data protection authority.
We do not discriminate you if you decide to exercise your rights. It means that we will not (i) deny any goods and services, (ii) charge you different prices, (iii) deny any discounts or benefits, (iv) impose penalties, or (v) provide you with a lower quality service.
Storage period
We store your personal data only as long as such personal data is necessary for the purposes for which it was collected or until you request us to delete your personal data. After your personal data becomes no longer necessary for its purposes and there is no other legal basis for storing it, we will immediately securely delete such personal data from our databases and service providers.
Your non-personal data may be retained for as long as necessary for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, including for the time period needed for us to pursue our legitimate business interests. In certain cases prescribed by law, we are obliged to store your personal data for a limited period of time (e.g., for archiving our business records). In such cases, we store relevant personal data for the time period required by the applicable law and delete the personal data as soon as the required retention period expires.
Updates and questions
This Privacy Policy becomes active on the date indicated at the beginning of it. We may make changes to the Privacy Policy at any time. Up-to-date information will always be available on this page.
Please contact us by email at
help@pasteapp.io
if you have any questions.
Paste
Try for Free
Get on Setapp
Use Cases
Updates
Pricing
Resources
Help
Blog
Terms of use
Privacy policy
More
About
Contact
Beta
Suggest a feature
Jobs
Follow us
© 2025 Paste Team ApS. All rights reserved.
All trademarks are the property of their respective owners.