Home
Explore
Tickets
FAQ
Privacy policy
Terms of Use
EN
NL
Work at Appic
For Business
Privacy Policy
We obey the European law for the protection of privacy (GDPR), any rights acclaimed to you by the GDPR can be exercised by sending an e-mail to our data compliance officer.
By using our service you agree that we will use your personal data in accordance with this Privacy statement.
You can use Appic without making an user account to view information, but you won’t have access to specific functionalities where users can interact with each other or that require validation from you as a person.
For non-registered users we might still collect information about their behavior on our platform for purposes of analytics, retargeting with ads and bug tracking.
Not all events might be available for non-registered users to see, because those events are age or gender limited.
For non-registered users we might use your information for retargeting through ads. If this is the case you will be notified through the Cookie consent before we gather your information.
We might provide (non-logged in) users with advertisements based on their previous internet behavior. If we will do so you will need to consent to that before we start serving these targeted ads.
Users who don’t provide the consent might still be served with generic ads.
When creating an account you provide us with consent to store and use your personal details in accordance with this Privacy Statement.
You always have the opportunity to use Appic just for viewing information without sharing any of your own experiences.
You can choose under what (Nick)name your information will be visible to other users of the platform.
You can decide if your profile is to be shown in public lists.
You can decide who has access to view your profile details.
All settings can be managed inside the Appic app, not all settings might be available on the web.
By default all your information and data will be publicly available after creating a new profile.
We try to minimize the personal data that we share with third parties, and whenever possible will provide direct communication to you through our services.
If your personal data is shared with specific third party this will be for the exclusive purpose of communication with you during or after a transaction (ie. buying/winning of tickets), and for providing access to a specific event or festival.
When we would like to share your personal data for some purpose that isn’t strictly necessary to fulfill the service to you, we will ask your explicit consent for that specific situation.
If you choose not to provide your consent we might restrict access to some specific instance or feature (ie. some specific win game), but you will be able to use all other parts of the app without restriction.
It is not allowed to provide an invalid date of birth. If your date of birth is checked at the access to an event/festival you might not be granted access if your birth date doesn’t correspond to the actual date of birth provided on your ID (Passport/driver's license/ID-card).
We restrict access to the meet-up functionality for users under the age of 18.
Access to the free win games is also restricted to users over the age of 18 or older if the event/festival has a higher minimum age.
Events might be user age restricted. In such a case we might restrict the access to such an event for users that will not be over the minimum required age before the end datetime of the event.
You can opt out of your profile being displayed publicly thereby restricting access for other users to see your age.
You define if you want to use the meet-up functionality or not, and for which purpose. If you don’t enable the meet-up you won’t be shown in the meet-up to other users.
Your gender is also used to define the division of men vs. females (ie. for an event). These anonymized statistics might also be available to other users.
In rare cases events are single sex only. In those cases your gender is used to restrict or permit access to such events. If your gender is checked at the access to such a gender specific event you might not be granted access if your gender doesn’t correspond to the actual gender on your ID (Passport/driver's license/ID-card).
Location and preferences are used to provide you with lists of events and festivals that are more relevant to you.
Location and preferences are used for targeted notifications (ie. about win games that might be interesting for you)
Location and preferences are used in the meet-up to show users near you and/or that have similar interests.
If you provide the permission and choose to activate the interactive event map for some festival your location will be stored during the time interval of the festival plus 1 hour. Your location will be used to inform your friends about your current location. Your location at the festival will also be used anonymously for analytical purposes by the event organizer and us even after the event.
Location and preferences might be used for displaying advertisements that are more relevant to you.
8.
You as an user are responsible for the content that you share publicly or with friends. We will only use the content for statistical purposes (ie. Event ratings), providing information to other users (ie. Society posts), and for stimulating user interaction (ie. Notify other users about some event/festival photo being published).
If information is made publicly available by you it will be visible to other users, event organizers, or any other person who is able to view that information on our platform.
All content and information that you share on Appic can be removed/reversed by actively deleting the content (ie. remove a Society post) or by undoing the action (ie. checking in to an event).
We might trigger some automated follow-up action for you as an user after performing some action (ie. check-in to the event after buying a ticket), but such an action can always be undone by you, and will respect any privacy setting that you have already set.
To prevent your personal data from being stolen we and our subcontractors follow standard security best practices during the development and to guard our servers and storage.
If detected that your personal data has been compromised we will inform  you as soon as possible, as well as follow the legal procedures outlined in the GDPR and report this to the proper authorities.
We encourage people to report any threat that they might identify in relation to our platform to us directly via
hello@beappic.com
, or through  our active account on Open Bug Bounty (
https://openbugbounty.org/bugbounty/Ashraf_I18/
).
We use external tools like Google Firebase and Google Analytics to identify bugs and improve your user experience. These parties are legally located in the U.S.A. which is outside of the EU region. Google in this case acts as a Data Processor and is not permitted to use your personal data for any other use than described in this section.
For users who login to Appic using Facebook we might add your Appic Facebook profile to a custom audience group on Facebook. Such a custom audience group is used for running ads on the Facebook platforms. If a custom audience group is shared with any third party this third party will not be able to see any of your personal data or who is part of this specific custom audience group.
We reserve the right to make minor adjustments to this Privacy statement without notifying you upfront. If you want to see our latest active Privacy statement please check our website.
At any point in time you may decide to stop using our services.
If you would like your profile and all personal details to be deleted please send us an e-mail at
hello@beappic.com
.
Note that deleting your profile is irreversible and that you will lose access to all your personal details, rewards, tickets, etc.
If you have any complaints in relation to this privacy statement or your privacy on the Appic platform you can send us an e-mail or file a complaint to our data protection officer or the Dutch “Authoriteit Persoonsgegevens”.
Our contact information
2xpr BV
Europalaan 400-7
3526KS Utrecht
The Netherlands
Data Protection Officer
Privacy@beappic.com
Last updated at 19-04-2022
Please enable JavaScript to continue using this application.