About us
Games
Puzzle
Blog
Careers
Contact Us
Facebook
X
YouTube
Linkedin
Instagram
Your Privacy is Important to Us
Hello! Welcome to the redBit games Privacy Policy, which describes how redBit as a data handler collects, uses, processes, and shares information about the user in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and Council of April 27, 2016).
This policy applies to all of the games available on our website www.redBitgames.com, on mobile devices, PC, or other platforms such as Facebook. It also applies to our Marketing and Advertising activities on all platforms and other services that we may provide to you from time to time. In this Privacy Policy we refer to our games, websites, marketing and advertising activities and other services collectively as our “Services”.
By downloading, accessing and/or playing our games, or interacting with our websites or other Services, you agree to the use of your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you have any concerns about providing information to us or it being used as described in this Privacy Policy you should not use our games or other Services.
This Privacy Policy was last updated on 01.11.2021.
Types of Personal Information We Collect
Information about the user is collected when he or she plays our games or uses our other Services. Most of this data comes directly from the user, such as device information, first name, last name, email address, age, country, gender, and game play information. We use this data to provide our games and Services to you, including for the purposes of optimization, preventing fraud, customizing in-game offers and verifying purchases. We may also use it for the other purposes set out in this Privacy Policy, including for Marketing and Advertising purposes.
Most of the information that we collect about the user comes directly from him or her when he or she plays our games, interacts with our websites, advertising or other Services. Broadly the information we collect about the user relates to the type of device he or she is using, how he or she plays our games (such as levels attempted and purchases made) and may include information that he or she submits when creating an account with us or which he or she allows us to access when he or she connects to his or her social network accounts through our games or Services. We may also collect information from advertising platforms and partners and other third parties such as information about purchases and interests.
In more detail, depending on which of our Services you (as the user) interact with, we may collect and process the following types of information:
details on the use and interaction of our games, advertising and other Services (for example, information about how and when you play our games or visit our website(s), what device you use to access our game and on the use of our games on social networks;
information that provided by the user when he or she fills in forms, answers questions or completes surveys when using any of our Services, when the user creates an account with us or if he or she invites his or her friends to use our games and Services;
the content of messages sent via our messaging systems (e.g. Mail channels, instant messaging);
the user interactions on our social media channels;
information we collect via cookies and other similar technologies;
information as further set out in this Privacy Policy, including redBit games profile and playing socially, Marketing, and Advertising;
information we collect about you from our other group companies or other third party companies who have obtained your consent or have another legal right to share such information with us (including publishing partners, platforms, advertising platforms and partners and data aggregators who have obtained). This may include attributes about you and your interests, as well as other games and services you use, demographic and general location information. We will use this information as described in this Privacy Policy and subject to any limitations in the privacy policy of the company that collected the information from you.
If the user chooses not to create a redBit games profile by connecting your social media account, the information that we collect when you play our games will be anonymous, but we will collect device level identifiers and other information associated with those identifiers including:
the type of device(s) you are using to play our games or access our Services, identifiers such as IP address, device identifiers, ad identifiers, a redBit games specific player ID, and the country or region that you are playing in;
how you play our games and interact with our websites or other Services (such as which of our games you are playing, your progress through the games, session time and duration, number of attempts at each level and purchases made).
In some instances, when you make purchases on or through our website(s), we may collect certain payment information from you on behalf of our payment service providers, but this information is temporarily cached in a way that is unreadable by redBit games. We do not collect or retain credit card information. Our payment service providers will provide us with information about your purchases so that we know if a purchase has been successful.
When you purchase items via our mobile apps (such as those you can purchase in the App Store, on Facebook or on Google Play) we do not collect or store any payment information from you.
Occasionally we may ask you for your consent to collect other information from you or your device. In this or a similar circumstance, we will tell you what information we would like to collect, why we need it, and what we’ll use it for.
We, our suppliers and group companies, may use this information:
to enable us to provide our games and other Services to you, to ensure that any purchases you make are verified on our servers and activated in the games, and to provide the user with support if he or she needs it;
to enable us to optimize our games for you and for the device that you are using, as well as to deliver customized in game events, offers and promotions;
For the other purposes as set out in this Privacy Policy, including for Marketing and Advertising purposes; and
to enable us to comply with laws that apply to us, to prevent fraud, to ensure compliance with our terms of service or where necessary to defend, exercise or establish our legal rights including our rights under our Terms of Service (
https://redbitgames.com/terms
).
We may also share your information with third party publishers who develop and provide games and other Services to you on our behalf.
We also analyze and use the information that we collect on an anonymized or aggregated basis for new product development, to analyze the performance of our games, to troubleshoot and to improve and optimize the games to ensure the best player experience for our players as a whole.
A more detailed description of some of the ways that we use your information is set out below and in the other sections of this Privacy Policy.
1.1 Providing and optimizing our Services
We use your information to enable us to provide our websites, advertising, and other Services to the user, and to optimize all of them so that we can make them the best they can be for all of our users. This will include use and analysis of aggregated data to make sure that our websites work properly on all devices and are as enjoyable as they can be for all our players.
1.2 Chat
Some of our Services could eventually include chat functionality. Users of our chat service(s) can send messages to other players, to redBit games customer services or publicly on our forums. Your messages may be used and stored by us: (a) to convey your messages; and (b) to enable you and your recipients to view your message history. We reserve the right to review the content of your messages, including by using automatic filters, to ensure that you are complying with our terms of service and we also reserve the right to prevent your use of our chat service(s) or to block the sending of any message for any reason. We will not use the content of your chat messages for any other purpose.
1.3 Customer Services
We use your information, including data that you provide directly to us in communications, to provide you with support through our customer service channels when you need it. We may also use it to contact you, for example as part of customer service or to send you updates about our games and Services. Finally, we will use your data to manage your account and relationship with us and improve your experience when you use our Services.
1.4 Analytics and Research
We use analytics tools, which may include third party analytics tools, to collect information about how you play our games or use our Services. Those tools may use cookies or other similar tracking technologies. We may use your data to carry out research, surveys or to engage directly with you, for example by sending you communications (including by email), for these purposes. We may also create reports, analysis or similar services for use by us for the purposes of research or business intelligence, for example to track potential problems or trends with our Services, or to test out new game features and content.
1.5 Social and Community
We have a number of social and community channels which we use to communicate with our players. If you choose to interact with those channels, we will receive your information and use it in connection with those channels, including to engage with you, and we may also republish your posts to those channels.
1.6 Promotions and Competitions
From time to time we may run promotions or competitions during which we may collect certain personal information from you, such as your name, address, post code, email address or other information or content submitted in order for you to claim a prize. Those competitions will have their own specific terms and conditions, but we will use personal information that you provide in relation to that competition for the purposes of running the competition. We may also publish the names and entries of competition entrants. That information may also be combined with your redBit games Profile and other account information and will be processed, stored and shared in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Visiting our websites
When you visit our other websites, such as
https://www.redbitgames.com
and other websites and forums operated by us (“Websites”), we collect information about you, such as details about how you use and interact with such Websites. We may use the information we collect about you for a number of purposes, including for operating and optimizing the Websites, in connection with our advertising purposes, and for research or analysis.
The information we collect and process about you when you visit our Websites includes:
information that you provide us with when you fill in forms or create posts on our Websites;
details of your use of the Websites and the resources that you access (for example, information about how and when you use the Websites, or what device you use to access the Websites);
if you contact us or respond to messages and communications that we or other users of the Websites send to you, we may keep a record of that correspondence;
your interactions with us on our social media channels; and
information we collect via cookies (which are small text files placed on your device), and. Cookies allow us to collect data, such as your device’s model, operating system and screen size and other information about how you use our Services.
We, our suppliers and group companies, may use this information:
as necessary in order to provide the Websites and related services to you;
for the purposes of contacting you, for example as part of customer service or to send you updates about the Websites;
for the purposes of managing your account and relationship with us and improving your experience when you use the Websites;
for the purposes of research, surveying, and engaging with you, for example by sending you communications (including by email) for these purposes;
for the purposes of marketing and promotion of redBit games’ products, for example sending you communications (including by email) for these purposes on our, or a third party’s behalf. For example, we might send you information about merchandise relating to our games. If you do not want us to use your data in this way please let us know by contacting us at support@redbitgames.it;
to create reports, analysis or similar services for use by us for the purposes of research or business intelligence, for example to track potential problems or trends with the Websites;
for the purposes of preventing cheating, crime or fraud. We may also need to pass your information to fraud prevention agencies and other organizations involved in crime and fraud prevention; or
as otherwise expressly set out in this Privacy Policy or as required by law.
When using the comment section on our redBit games site, please be aware that in addition to your user name, any questions, answers, comments or submissions that you post will be publicly available and any data you provide can be read and/or used by other users. You should therefore only share content that you are comfortable sharing publicly.
redBit games Profile and Playing Socially
You can choose to add information to your redBit games profile or to connect our Services to your account with a third party network (such as Facebook). If you do this, then your personal information will be visible to other players (such as game leaderboards, tournaments, etc…) and we’ll also use it for the other purposes set out in this Privacy Policy, including for Marketing and Advertising.
3.1 redBit games Profile
When you play our games, we will give you a randomly generated unique identifier which we will associate with a redBit games account known as a “redBit games profile”. Your redBit games profile will not be personally identifiable unless you choose to add your personal information to it by linking the profile to a third-party account.
3.2 Connecting with a third party network
Where we make this available, you can choose to log in to your redBit games Profile using your account details with a third party network, such as Facebook or Google. If you do this, you will be able to use your game to log in on multiple devices and synchronize progress across those devices. Where available, you will also be able to see which of your friends are playing the same game and their progress through the games (and they will be able to see you and your progress), or access other features we make available in our games and other Services, such as inviting friends to play, asking other players for lives, and bonuses or benefits of various kinds.
3.3 Information we receive from Facebook
If you log in to your redBit games profile using your Facebook account details, we will receive some of your Facebook account information. If you choose to play our games online on the desktop version of Facebook.com, your basic Facebook account information will automatically be associated with your redBit games profile. Exactly what information we receive will depend on your settings in your Facebook account, but typically we will receive your basic public profile information such as your username, email address, age range, gender, chosen language, country and any other public information.
We may also collect the email account associated with your Facebook account and the name and avatar of those of your Facebook friends that are already playing our games. You can opt out of this at the time at which you associate your Facebook account with your redBit games Profile and also later in your Facebook privacy settings.
Logging in with Facebook will not allow us to post anything to your page without your permission and we will not receive any information about your Facebook friends who do not play our games. If you do not wish your Facebook friends to be able to see you and your progression in our games, you can prevent this in your Facebook settings.
We would recommend that you read Facebook’s Privacy Policy (
https://www.facebook.com/full_data_use_policy
) and review your privacy settings from time to time to make sure that you understand fully how your Facebook data is shared.
3.4 Information we receive from Google
If you log in to your redBit games profile using your Google account details, we will receive some of your Google account information. Exactly what information we receive will depend on your settings in your Google account, but typically we will receive your basic public profile information such as your name, email address and profile picture. If you choose to grant us access to your Contact List, we will use and store this to help you find those of your Google contacts that are already playing our games.
You can revoke future access to your information at any time by following the steps at
https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/112802?hl=en
.
We would recommend that you read Google’s Privacy Policy (
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
) and review your privacy settings from time to time to make sure that you understand fully how your Google data is shared.
Marketing
We use information we collect about you to send you marketing communications about other redBit games and related Services based on your interests. For example, we may send emails, serve ads within our Services or place ads on third party websites, apps and internet-connected devices. This section also explains how you can opt out of this.
We may use the information we maintain about you to promote redBit games services in a variety of ways. This could include:
advertising within third party websites, apps and Internet-connect devices;
showing you promotions for other redBit games in the games you play; or
sending you marketing materials by email.
4.1 What information do we use for marketing?
We use information about you to try to make sure you only see marketing from us that might be of interest to you. This includes using information that we may have about you, such as:
ad identifiers and other non-personal information collected from your device. For more information, see Ad identifiers and similar technologies;
the games you play and information about how you interact with our games and Services;
your first name, last name, email address, age, country or region, and gender; and
other information that we might acquire from third parties who have obtained your consent or have another legal right to share that information with us.
4.2 Marketing partners
When we market our games in media published by other companies, we use various third party marketing partners to assist us on our behalf, and we may share information which we have collected about you with such third parties for these purposes.
We use information about you to try to make sure you only see marketing from us that might be of interest to you. This includes using information that we may have about you, such as:
ad identifiers and other non-personal information collected from your device.
the games you play and information about how you interact with our games and Services;
your first name, last name, email address, age, country or region, and gender; and
other information that we might acquire from our third party marketing partners or other third parties who have obtained your consent or have another legal right to share that information with us.
Our marketing partners may help us to serve ads to you by combining this information with data which they have collected about you elsewhere. They collect this information when you use their services or the websites and services of third parties. Our partners use this information to make assumptions about the kinds of advertising you would prefer to see. If they determine that you would be interested to see an advert for King’s games or Services, they will serve you with a King ad while you are using other websites and services.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the collection of your information by our marketing partners. Although we are not responsible for the data collection or data use of our marketing partners, we require our marketing partners to have a legal basis for their use of your data for marketing purposes and to provide you with details on how you may opt-out from data collection by them.
By accepting this Privacy Policy and downloading or continuing to play our games, and unless you opt out of interest-based advertising as explained in this section, you consent to our marketing partners collecting and using information about you to improve advertising, targeting and measurement systems as described in their privacy policies.
4.3 Opting-out of direct marketing from redBit games
You can exercise choices over the direct marketing we send you in the following ways:
simply click the unsubscribe link in any direct marketing email we send to you or send an email to
support@redbitgames.it
to stop receiving commercial emails from us; and
please see “How to adjust your preferences for interest based advertising” below to deactivate advertisement based on your interests.
You should note that if you opt out of receiving interest based or targeted advertising, you will still see advertising and you may see advertising for redBit games products, but that advertising will not be targeted using your personal information.
Advertising
Our games may include advertising for third party products and services. Unless you opt out of interest-based advertising, we and our advertising partners will use information about you to improve advertising, targeting and measurement systems so that we can show you relevant third party ads in our games.
We use information that we hold about you to better target ads for third party goods and services to people that might be most interested in them. These ads may be shown to you within our games or Services.
5.1 What information is used for advertising?
We use ad identifiers and other information that we collect about you as described in this Privacy Policy to try to make sure you only see ads in our games that might be of interest to you. This includes information such as:
ad identifiers and other information collected from your device. For more information, see ad identifiers and similar technologies; the games you play and information about how you interact with our games and Services;
your first name, last name, email address, age, country or region, and gender; and
other demographic and interests based information that we might acquire from third parties who have obtained your consent or have another legal right to share that information with us.
5.2 Advertising partners
When you play our games or use our Services, non-personal identifiers and other information from your device is collected and shared with advertising partners to enable the technical delivery of ads to your device.
Our advertising partners may combine this information with information which they have collected about you when you use their services (or the websites or services of third parties) in order to serve you more relevant ads in our games or to improve the accuracy of their targeting and measurement systems.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the collection of your information by our advertising partners. We recommend that you review our advertising partners’ privacy policies for more information (a full list of our advertising partners and their Privacy Policies can be found
here
).
5.3 Opting-out of interest-based advertising
You can choose to prevent your device’s ad identifier being used for interest-based advertising by updating the settings on your device. For more information, see How to adjust your preferences for interest based advertising below.
Please note that if you opt out of interest based advertising, you may still see advertising in our games but those ads will not be targeted using information that we hold about you. However, they may still be delivered based on contextual criteria such as the game that ad is to be displayed in, or the region in which your device is located.
Ad identifiers and similar technologies
To provide our games and interest-based advertising, we use ad identifiers and similar technologies. This section describes our use of these technologies and how you can manage your preferences.
Ad identifiers and similar technologies are used by us to provide our Services to you and in order to collect data from your device. These technologies allow us and our third party advertising partners to:
recognize you and your device;
provide interest-based advertising to you;
allow our Services to interact with a third party social network or platform (where you have chosen to allow such interaction);allow our payment processors to process your payment instructions; and
enable us and third parties to provide you with more customized services, for example to provide our Services in the correct language.
6.1 How do ad identifiers and similar technologies work?
Ad identifiers are non-permanent, non-personal identifiers such as the Android advertising ID and/or Apple’s ID for advertising (the ‘IDFA’), which are uniquely associated with your device. Similar technologies include tracking pixels within ads. These technologies allow companies (including marketers and advertisers) to recognize your device when you use websites and applications.
6.2 How to adjust your preferences for interest-based advertising
You can choose to prevent your device’s ad identifier being used for interest-based advertising, or you can reset your device’s ad identifier, by changing the settings of your device. Settings vary from device to device but you will usually find the ad identifier settings under “privacy” or “ads” in your device’s settings.
If you live in the USA, Europe or Canada, you can also opt-out from the collection of your information by some or all of our advertising partners who participate in the Digital Advertising Alliance by visiting
http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
(for US users),
http://www.youronlinechoices.com/
(for European users) or http://youradchoices.ca/choices (for Canadian users). You can also click on the AdChoices logo within an advertisement (where available).
If you choose to adjust your preferences in order to prevent these technologies, you may find that you cannot enjoy the full use of our Services.
Notice: adjusting your preferences as described in this section does not mean you will no longer receive adverts, it only means the adverts you do see will be less relevant to your interests.
Your rights
You have certain rights in connection with your personal information and how we handle it. You can exercise these rights at any time by contacting us via any of the methods set out in the Contact Us section below.
Those rights include:
Right of access.
You have a right to know what information we hold about you and in some cases to have the information communicated to you. If you wish to exercise this right please contact us letting us know that you wish to exercise your right of access and what information in particular you would like to receive. We reserve the right to ask for reasonable evidence to verify your identity before we provide you with any information. Please note that we may not be able to provide all the information you ask for, for instance if the information includes personal information about another person. Where we are not able to provide you with information that you have asked for, we will endeavor to tell you why. We will try to respond to any request for a right of access as soon as possible, but we will always do so within 1 month of receipt of your request and verification of your identity.
Right to correct personal information.
We try to keep the information that we hold about you accurate and up to date. Should you realize that any of the information that we hold about you is incorrect, please let us know at support@redbitgames.it and we will correct it as soon as we can.
Data deletion.
In some circumstances you have a right to have some of the personal information that we hold about you deleted. Should you wish to have any information about you deleted, please contact us:
support@redbitgames.it
. Please note that in order to process your request you must delete our games from your mobile devices and clear our cookies from any device where you have played our games in a web browser. Where we delete personal information about you, we may still retain some or all of that information for other purposes such as maintaining financial records, protecting or enforcing legal rights, maintaining marketing suppression lists or for technical reasons such as maintaining technical security or our database integrity. We may also retain your information in an anonymized form.
Account deactivation.
If you have created a redBit games account, you can ask us to deactivate that account by contacting us using the information below. We may ask you for other information before we are able to deactivate your account. That information might include information about your mobile device. Other steps you should take should you wish to completely deactivate your account include disassociating your Facebook account from our mobile games and deleting our games from your mobile devices. Please note that if you completely deactivate your account all your progress in our games and any unspent virtual items, such as currency or powerups will be lost and we may not be able to restore them in the future.
Data portability.
In some circumstances, you may have the right to request that data which you have provided to us is provided to you, so you can transfer this to another data controller.
Restriction of processing.
In some cases, you may have the right to request a restriction of the processing of your personal data, such as when you are disputing the accuracy of your data held by us.
Right to object.
You have the right to object to the processing of personal data about you which is processed on the grounds of legitimate interests (see Legal Bases below).
Direct marketing opt out.
If you have elected to receive direct marketing communications from us, you can change your mind at any time by following the opt out link in any marketing communication that is sent to you. If you have elected to receive more than one type of marketing communications from us, you may need to opt out of all of them individually. It may take a few days for us to update our records before any opt out is effective.
There are other ways in which you can control the personal information that we collect about you. For instance, you could disconnect your Facebook or other social network account from our games, or delete our games from your mobile device. You could also reset your mobile advertising identifier or limit ad tracking altogether using the settings in your phone. Finally, you could limit or prevent the use of cookies in your web browsers. More information on all of these options is provided elsewhere in this Privacy Policy.
Children
You must be over a certain age to play our games and use our Services, depending on where you live. For the full list of age restrictions by country, please see below. We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from or direct or target interest based advertising to anyone under the ages set out below, or knowingly allow such persons to use our Services. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under the age set out below, please Contact Us.
The table below sets out what age you must be to play our games and use our Services, depending on what country you are in while using our games and Services. Our games are intended to be played by adults and we do not knowingly collect, and do not wish to collect, information about children. Please do not play our games or use our Services if you are under the relevant age.
Country
Age you must be to play our games and use our Services
Austria
14
Belgium
13
Bulgaria
13
Croatia
13
Republic of Cyprus
13
Czech Republic
13
Denmark
13
Estonia
13
Finland
15
France
16
Germany
16
Greece
13
Hungary
16
Ireland
13
Italy
13
Latvia
13
Lithuania
16
Luxembourg
16
Malta
13
Netherlands
16
Poland
13
Portugal
13
Romania
13
Slovakia
16
Slovenia
13
Spain
13
Sweden
13
United Kingdom
13
Rest of the world (excluding Korea)
13
If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under the relevant age set out above, please Contact Us (see the Contact Section in this statement). In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under the relevant age set out above, we will delete that information as quickly as possible.
General
Our Privacy Policy contains further details including:
who we share your information with and the reasons for sharing it;
measures we take to keep your information secure;
the legal bases under which we process your data;
how long we retain your information and where we store it;
when and why we share your information with third parties, including transfers outside of the European Economic Area (the “EEA”); and
changes or updates to our Privacy Policy.
9.1 Sharing
In addition to the other disclosures described in this Privacy Policy, we will also share your information:
where we have your consent to do so (including as set out in this Privacy Policy);
as reasonably necessary in order to provide the Services to you (for example, by providing your personal information to suppliers we may use to fulfil the Services or to communicate with you);
where it is necessary to carry out your instructions (for example, to process a payment instruction we must provide your personal information to our payment processors);
where your data is in an anonymous and aggregated format, meaning you could not be personally identified from it;
as we reasonably believe is permitted by law or regulation or as is necessary to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms and conditions and/or any other agreement with you; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of redBit games, our users, or others; and
if there is a sale of the assets of redBit games or corporate restructuring, or as a result of a change of control of redBit games or one of its group companies, or in preparation of any of these events. Any third party to which redBit games transfers of sells redBit games’ assets will have the right to continue to use the personal and other information that you provide to us in the manner set out in this Privacy Policy.
We may also share your information with our service providers if necessary to enable them to provide services to us.
9.2 Security
redBit games takes appropriate security and technical measures to protect your information from unauthorized access, loss, and misuse. In addition, we request that our suppliers who process personal information on our behalf take a range of security measures designed to help protect your personal information and maintain an appropriate level of security. However, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of your information online and offline, as the Internet by its nature is not a secure environment and the nature of security risks is constantly evolving. As such you should always take care when sharing your information online.
9.3 Legal Bases
In each case where we process your information, we do so lawfully in accordance with one of the legal basis set out under European data protection law. The legal bases which we rely upon are the following:
Contractual Necessity.
This covers data used by us in order to provide you with Services that you have requested – and that we have agreed – to provide to you, such as our games, customer services, chat functionality and third party social network connectivity;
Legal Obligation.
This covers data used by us to comply with a legal obligation, such as the prevention of crime or fraud or to maintain records relating to tax;
Legitimate Interests.
This covers data used by us for purposes that are not harmful to your privacy and can be reasonably expected within the context of your use of our Services, such as Marketing, Advertising, analytics and research and optimization of our games and other Services; and
Where we ask for your consent to use your data for a particular purpose, we will make this clear at the point of collection and we will also make clear how you can withdraw your consent.
In this Privacy Policy we have explained how you can opt out of certain types of processing that we undertake and where any processing is based on your consent, you can withdraw that consent at any time. Nonetheless, if you play our games we will still collect some personal data about you and process it as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not wish us to collect any personal data about you at all, you should cease playing our games and stop using our Services.
9.4 Data Retention
We will keep your information for as long as your account is active or we consider necessary for the purposes described in our Privacy Policy. We will also retain and use your information for as long as is required in order to comply with our legal obligations.
9.5 Location of storage
We store your information on servers that we control which are primarily based in the EEA. We may also use servers and engage providers that are located outside the EEA in order to process and store your information and to provide services to us.
9.6 International Transfer
We may transfer your information to affiliated entities or third parties to jurisdictions outside the EEA. Please note that these countries outside of the EEA may not have the same data protection laws as your own jurisdiction. We take steps to ensure that there are adequate safeguards and mechanisms in place (including the use of EU model clauses) to allow the transfer of your information across borders outside of the EEA.
9.7 Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time and we will post the updated Privacy Policy on this page. Please come back to this page every now and then to make sure you are familiar with the latest version. Any new policy will be effective from the date it is published by us.
Contact us
If you have any questions or concerns about any of the matters in relation to this Privacy Policy, including to exercise any of your rights, then there are several way of contacting us:
By email to:
support@redbitgames.it
In writing to: redBit games SRL, via Ostiense 117/C, 00154, Roma, Italia
Pages
About us
Account Deletion Request
Blog
Careers
Contact Us
Privacy and Cookie Policy
Terms of Service
© 2025 redBit games.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, click "accept button" or just scroll down to accept
Read More
Privacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the ...
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/:
