Terms of Service
Effective: 17 November 2022
Introduction
wellwellwell investments (Pty) Ltd
(
"ESP"
) built the ESP app
as an Ad Supported app. The services are provided at no cost and is
intended for use as is. ESP offers a website
(
https://esp.info/
) and application (ESP) with
loadshedding information and functionality through the app, allowing
users within a community to communicate with each other. By registering,
installing, accessing, or using our apps, services, features, software,
or website, you agree to these terms. You should stop using all our
services (including the website and app) if you do not agree with
any of the terms. We may amend the terms from time to time and the
latest version of the terms applicable at the time of using the
service, will regulate your use of the service. If we make
material amendments that will create obligations or risk for you,
we will add a prominent notification on the website or app to
indicate that the terms have been amended.
Our services
Providing load shedding information: This is our first priority.
We provide information and updates on load shedding schedules in
real time.
Connecting you with other people: If you choose to use the
Community ("ESP Chat", or "AskMyStreet")
functionality in the app, you may communicate with other ESP
users through messages sent via the app.
Third Parties: ESP may work with partners, service providers,
and affiliated companies to help us provide ways for you to
connect with their services. We use the information we receive
from them to help operate, provide, and improve our services.
Ways to improve our services. We analyse how you make use of
ESP, in order to improve all aspects of our services. ESP uses
the information it has and also works with partners, service
providers, and affiliated companies to do this.
Safety and Security. We work to protect the safety and security
of ESP by appropriately dealing with abusive people and activity
and violations of these terms when it comes to our knowledge. We
take reasonable steps to prohibit misuse of our services,
harmful conduct towards others, and violations of our terms and
policies, and address situations where we may be able to help
support or protect our community. We may develop automated
systems to improve our ability to detect and remove abusive
people and activity that may harm our community and the safety
and security of our services. If we learn of people or activity
like this, we will take appropriate action by removing such
people or activity or contacting law enforcement. We may share
information with other affiliated companies when we learn of
misuse or harmful conduct by someone using our services.
Enabling global access to our services. To operate our global
service, we need to store and distribute content and information
in data centres and systems around the world, possibly including
outside your country of residence. This infrastructure may be
owned or operated by our service providers or affiliated
companies.
About our services
Registration: You must create a user account to register for our
services through the app, providing accurate information,
including your current mobile phone number or email, and, if
you change it, inform us so we may deregister the old account. You
agree to receive text messages with codes to register for our
services. We will use your personal information provided for
registration and use of the services in connection with these
terms, including the privacy policy.
Age: If you live in a country other than South Africa, you may
only use our services if you are the minimum required age in your
jurisdiction to sign up for and use the services (unless with
consent of your guardian or parent). If you are a South African
consumer, you must be 18 years old to use the services and agree
to the terms, or do so with the consent of your guardian or
parent.
Devices And Software: You will need certain device
requirements, software, and data connections to use our services.
You will also be required from time to time to manually or
automatically download and install updates to our services to
enjoy continued use. You consent to us sending you notifications
via ESP from time to time, as necessary to provide our services to
you.
Fees And Taxes: You are responsible for all carrier data plans,
Internet fees, and other fees and taxes associated with your use
of our services.
Acceptable use of our services
Our Terms and Privacy Policy: You may only use our services
according to these terms, our policies as implemented from time to
time and communicated to you, and in accordance with applicable
laws. If you violate any of these and it comes to our
knowledge, we may take action with respect to your account,
including disabling or suspending your account temporarily or
permanently and, if we do, you may not create another
account without our permission.
Lawful and acceptable use: You must access and use our services
only for lawful, authorized, and acceptable purposes. You agree
not to use (or assist others in using) our services in ways
that: (a) violate, misappropriate, or infringe the rights of ESP,
our users, or others, including privacy, publicity, intellectual
property, or other proprietary rights; (b) are illegal, obscene,
defamatory, threatening, intimidating, harassing, hateful,
racially or ethnically offensive, or instigate or encourage
conduct that would be illegal or otherwise inappropriate,
including promoting violent crimes; (c) involve publishing
falsehoods, misrepresentations, or misleading statements; (d)
impersonate someone; (e) involve sending illegal or impermissible
communications, including but not limited to bulk messaging,
auto-messaging, and the like; or (f) involve any non-personal use
of our services.
Harm to ESP or our users: You may not (or assist others to)
directly, indirectly, through automated or other means access,
use, copy, adapt, modify, prepare derivative works based upon,
distribute, license, sublicense, transfer, display, perform, or
otherwise exploit our services in impermissible or unauthorized
manners, or in ways that burden, impair, or harm us, our services,
systems, our users, or others, including that you must not
directly or through automated means: (a) reverse engineer, alter,
modify, create derivative works from, decompile, or extract code
from our services; (b) send, store, or transmit viruses or other
harmful computer code through or onto our services; (c) gain or
attempt to gain unauthorized access to our services or systems;
(d) interfere with or disrupt the safety, security, or performance
of our services; (e) create accounts for our services through
unauthorized or automated means; (f) collect the information of or
about our users in any impermissible or unauthorized manner; (g)
sell, resell, rent, license, or charge for our services in an
unauthorized manner; (h) distribute or make our services available
over a network where they could be used by multiple devices at the
same time, except as authorized through tools we have expressly
provided via our services; or (i) create software or APIs that
function substantially the same as our services and offer them for
use by third parties in an unauthorized manner.
Keeping your account and information secure: You are solely
responsible for keeping your device and your ESP account safe and
secure, and you must notify us promptly of any unauthorized use or
security breach of your account or our services. Also note that
you should carefully consider what personal information you post
through the app, as users will access it and, despite their
obligation not to, may use it for purposes other than intended by
you.
Reporting abuse: Should you use the ESP Chat (or AskMyStreet)
functionality of our app which allows users to communicate and
share content within a community, we urge you to report any
conduct or behaviour in breach of our acceptable use terms. The
app provides for functionality to easily report suspected or
actual breach.
Licenses and Intellectual Property
Our Intellectual Property: All the intellectual property included
in the services, website and app belongs to us or our licensors,
and you will not acquire any rights to that intellectual property.
Your Rights: ESP does not claim ownership of the information that
you submit for your ESP account or through our services and you
accept full responsibility for all information and content shared
with us or through the services. You must have the necessary
authorisation and right to share information that you submit for
your ESP account or through our services and you grant us
the rights and license to use information in the way intended
through our services and as set out in our terms. You expressly
grant ESP a free of charge, worldwide, non-exclusive,
royalty-free, sublicensable, and transferable license to use,
reproduce, distribute, create derivative works of, display, and
perform the information (including the content) that you upload,
submit, store, send, or receive on or through our services.
Your License: you have a limited, revocable, non-exclusive and
non-transferable license to use our services on these terms
only.
Indemnity
If anyone brings a claim ("Third Party Claim") against us related
to your actions, use of the services, information shared, or
content on ESP, you indemnify and hold ESP (includingour
shareholders, directors and employees) harmless from and against
all liabilities, damages, losses, and expenses of any kind
(including reasonable legal fees and costs) relating to, arising
out of, or in any way in connection with any of the following: (a)
your access to or use of our services, including information
provided in connection therewith; (b) your breach of our terms or
of applicable law; or (c) any misrepresentation made by you. You
will cooperate as fully as required by us in the defence or
settlement of any claim by any third party.
Exclusion of liability
Our app is not affiliated with Eskom Holdings SOC Limited in any
way. All information provided is publicly accessible and
reasonably accurate to the best of our knowledge. You agree to use
any data accessed through the app at your own risk, we take no
responsibility for any inaccuracies or errors.
We will use reasonable skill and care in providing our services to
you and in keeping it a safe, secure, and error-free environment,
but we do not guarantee that ESP will always function without
disruptions, delays, or imperfections. You use our services at
your own risk and subject to the disclaimers set out in these
terms. We are providing our services on an "as is" basis without
any express or implied warranties, including, but not limited to,
warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose,
title, non-infringement, and freedom from computer virus or other
harmful code. We do not warrant that any information provided by
us is accurate, complete, or useful, that our services will be
operational, error free, secure, or safe, or that our services
will function without disruptions, delays, or imperfections. We do
not control and are not responsible for, controlling how or when
our users use our services or the features, services, and
interfaces our services provide. We are not responsible for and
are not obligated to control the actions or information (including
content) of our users or other third parties. We (including our
subsidiaries, affiliates, and our and their directors, officers,
employees, partners, and agents (together, the "ESP parties"))
exclude any liability from any loss, claim, complaint, or cause of
action, and all damages, relating to, arising out of, or in any
way connected with your use of the services.
Availability and termination of our services
Availability of our services: We are always trying to improve our
services. That means we may add or remove our services, features,
functionalities, and the support of certain devices and platforms.
Our services may be interrupted, including for maintenance,
repairs, upgrades, or network or equipment failures. We may
discontinue some or all of our services, including certain
features and the support for certain devices and platforms, at any
time without notice. Events beyond our control may also affect our
services, such as events in nature and other force majeure events.
Termination: Although we hope you remain a ESP user, you can
terminate your relationship with ESP anytime for any reason by
deleting your account. Please contact us to request account
deletion.
We may also modify, suspend, or terminate your access to or use of
our services anytime for actual or suspected unlawful conduct,
including for fraud, or if we reasonably believe you violate or
are about to violate our terms or applicable laws, or may create
harm, risk, or possible legal exposure for us, our users, or
others. The following provisions will survive any termination of
your relationship with ESP: "Licenses",
"Exclusion of Liability", "Indemnity",
"Other", and "Availability and Termination of
our Services". If you believe your account's
termination or suspension was in error, please contact us.
We may at any time and for any reason decide to terminate any or
all parts of the services.
Third party products or services
We may allow third party product and service suppliers to
advertise products or services through our app. We are not the
supplier of these products or services and do not take
responsibility for the performance by these third parties. If you
access and use any third party products or services, or enter into
any agreements for the supply of third party products or services,
you do that solely at your own risk and subject to the terms of
the third party product or service provider.
Account and Personal Information deletion
You can request deletion of your account and personal information
(meaning personal information or data as defined by applicable
laws such as the Protection of Personal Act ("POPI")
or the GDPR), by contacting us at
legal.account.deletion@esp.info
,
subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your
request, we will delete (and direct our service providers -
where applicable - to delete) your personal information from our
records, unless an exception applies. We may refuse your deletion
request if the law allows or requires retention and retaining the
information is necessary to:
complete the transaction for which we collected the personal
information;
detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive,
fraudulent, or illegal activity, or report or assist authorities
to prosecute those responsible for such activities;
debug products to identify and repair errors that impair
existing intended functionality;
exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to
exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right
provided for by law;
enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with
consumer expectations based on your relationship with us;
comply with a legal obligation;
make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are
compatible with the context in which you provided it.
Also note that we do not control the deletion of information by
other users with whom you may have engaged through our services
and their use of your information previously provided, is out of
our control.
Other
Unless a mutually executed agreement between you and us states
otherwise, these terms make up the entire agreement between you
and us regarding ESP and our services, and supersede any prior
agreements.
We reserve the right to designate in the future that certain of
our services are governed by separate terms (where, as
applicable, you may be required to separately agree to such
terms).
Our services are not intended for distribution to or use in any
country where such distribution or use would violate local law
or would subject us to any regulations in another country. We
reserve the right to limit our services in any country.
Any amendment to or waiver of our terms requires our express
consent. You have the right to terminate your relationship with
ESP at any time by requesting us to delete your account.
We may assign our rights and obligations to any of our
affiliates or in connection with a merger, acquisition,
restructuring, or sale of assets, or by operation of law or
otherwise, and we may transfer your information to any of our
affiliates, successor entities, or new owner. In the event of
such an assignment, these terms will continue to govern your
relationship with such third party. We hope you will continue
using ESP, but if you do not agree to such an assignment, you
must stop using our services by requesting us to delete your
account.
Nothing in our terms will prevent us from complying with the law.
Except as contemplated herein, our terms do not give any
third-party beneficiary rights.
If we fail to enforce any of our terms, it will not be
considered a waiver.
We always appreciate your feedback or other suggestions about
ESP and our services, but you understand that you have no
obligation to provide feedback or suggestions and that we may
use your feedback or suggestions without any obligation to
compensate you for them.
Privacy Policy
Introduction
This policy informs visitors and users of our website and
app regarding our policies in respect of the collection,
use, sharing and disclosure of personal information
(
"personal information" as defined in POPI
). We are committed
to privacy practices in compliance with POPI.
Information collection and use
In order to use our service, we may require you to provide us with
certain personally identifiable information, and personal
information, including but not limited to: name, mobile number,
email address. We may also collect information through your social
media accounts such as Facebook, Google and Apple accounts. If you
use the Nearby location functionality, we collect your
geolocation. If you use our ESP Chat (or AskMyStreet)
functionality, we collect your geolocation. The information that
we collect will be retained by us and used as described in this
privacy policy and our terms.
We collect information directly from you when you provide
information on registration or otherwise communicate with us or
from your interaction with our services or when you use any
features or resources available on or through our website or app.
If a user of our services, provides information through the app
about you (as a third party), our platform collects the
information from our user. Our user is however contractually bound
to only share third party information with consent.
All processing of personal information relates to the services we
offer and enhancing your experience. Processing therefore includes
any required use relating to your application, account, use of the
services, analysing and monitoring use, product development,
working with authorities or other relevant parties, reporting
abuse or misconduct, and marketing. We do not sell personal
information.
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our service, in a case
of an error in the app we collect data and information (through
third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data
may include information such as your device Internet Protocol
("IP") address, device name, operating system version, the
configuration of the app when utilizing our service, the time and
date of your use of the service, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly
used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your
browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your
device's internal memory.
The service does not use these "cookies" explicitly. However, the
app may use third party code and libraries that use "cookies" to
collect information and improve their services. You have the
option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a
cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our
cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our
service.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals for the
following reasons:
to facilitate our service;
to provide the service on our behalf;
to perform services related to our service; or
to assist us in analysing how our service is used and provide other support services to us.
These third parties have access to your personal information for
the sole purpose to perform services to us or on our behalf.
However, they are obligated in law not to disclose or use the
information for any other purpose and they only process the
information in terms of a contract with us
Disclosure of Personal information
Other than disclosure to service providers, we may disclose
information if the law allows or requires it from us, including
for example sharing with authorities, business partners in respect
of our business or the services.
If our service providers or business partners are located cross
border, we may share the information cross border, but at all
times in compliance with the POPI requirements for cross border
sharing of information.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your personal information,
thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of
protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over
the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and
reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
We implement appropriate technical and organisational security
measures in accordance with POPI, designed to protect personal
information against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss,
alteration, disclosure, access and other unlawful or unauthorised
forms of processing.
Links to Other Sites or Apps
This service may contain advertisements of third party products or
services or links to other sites. If you click on a third-party
link, you will be directed to that site or app. Note that these
external sites or apps are not operated or controlled by us.
Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the privacy policies
of these websites or apps before using it. We have no control over
and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or
practices of any third-party sites, apps or services and how they
process your personal information.
Children's Privacy
Our services are not aimed at minors and we do not knowingly
collect personally identifiable information from minors. All
personal information of minors provided to us, must be provided
with the consent of a guardian or parent.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are
advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will
notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on
this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are
posted on this page.
User Generated Content Policy
Non-compliance to these policies will lead to the takedown of
content, and potential account suspension and/or termination. We
utilise a combination of automated moderation and user generated
reporting to moderate content on the ESP platform.
Your rights
You have the following rights in relation to your personal
information, but note that they are not absolute and may be
limited under POPI. This means we may not be able to honour your
requests in all instances, but if the law allows or requires us to
do so, we will:
right of access:
you have the right to be
informed of and you may request a copy of the personal
information records that we hold;
right to rectification:
you may request that we
amend or update your personal information if our records are
inaccurate or incomplete;
right to erasure:
you may request that we
delete your personal information;
right to restrict processing:
you may request
that we temporarily or permanently stop processing your personal
information;
right to object:
you may object to us
processing your personal information, including to object
against processing for direct marketing purposes (in which case
we will stop marketing); and
right not to be subject to automated decision-making:
where a decision that has a legal or other significant effect is
based solely on automated decision making, including profiling,
you may request that your personal information not be processed
in that manner.
Where you have provided consent for us to process your personal
information, you may also withdraw your consent. Note however, we
may continue to process your personal information if another legal
justification exists for the processing despite the fact that you
have withdrawn your consent.
Retention of information
We take reasonable steps to ensure that we only process personal
information for the period necessary for the purposes set out in
this policy, including any period necessary to establish, exercise
or defend any legal rights.
We therefore retain personal information in accordance with the
required retention periods in terms of any laws that require
specific retention periods, or otherwise in terms of POPI or for
legitimate business purposes. We may retain information
indefinitely in a de-identified format for research and
statistical purposes, which may include for example statistics of
how you use the website, app and services.
Security breach
We will report any security breach to the applicable regulatory
authority in terms of POPI and to the data subjects whose personal
information is involved in the breach. If you want to report any
concerns about our privacy practices or if you suspect any breach
regarding your personal information, please send an email to
legal@esp.info
.
Lodging a complaint
If you want to raise any objection or have any queries about our
privacy practices, you can contact our information officer D Wells
on
legal@esp.info
.
You also have the right to formally lodge a complaint as follows:
POPI - The Information Regulator
Website:
https://inforegulator.org.za/
Address: JD House, 27 Stiemens Street, Braamfontein, Johannesburg, 2001
Postal address: P.O. Box 31533, Braamfontein, Johannesburg, 2017 - Complaints (complete form 5)
POPI:
POPIAComplaints@inforegulator.org.za
PAIA:
PAIAComplaints@inforegulator.org.za
General enquiries:
enquiries@inforegulator.org.za
Useful Content
ESP aims to provide a platform to create useful content for the
users and limit the use of the app
Useful content
: you may not share content that is offensive,
spammy or adds no value to the users on the platform,
considering the purpose of the services to predominantly provide
information in respect of load shedding and related
matters.
Advertising
: Advertising and other paid promotional material
should not exceed your independant, editorial content. We do not
allow content that conceals or misrepresents sponsored content
as independent, editorial content. Sponsorship, including, but
not limited to, ownership or affiliate interest, payment, or
material support, should be disclosed to users. The subject of
sponsored content should not focus on the sponsor without clear
disclosure.
Personal or confidential Information
: you may not add or share
any personal or confidential information of third parties
without their express consent.
Intellectual Property
: you may not infringe anyone's
intellectual property rights and must respond to clear notices
of alleged copyright infringement.
Adult content
: you may not share content that features sexual
imagery. ESP is not a platform for adult content.
Violent and other hateful content
: you may not share content
that incites or glorifies violence, any hateful or harassing
activity, including based on any of the discrimination grounds
set out in our Constitution or presents a threat to another
person or group of persons.
Although we do not have any obligation to monitor user content, we
have the right to do so and any meaningless or offensive content
as determined in our sole discretion, may be taken down without
notice and the user account may be terminated immediately and
without notice.
Law and Jurisdiction
These terms and all obligations connected to them or arising from
them will be governed and interpreted in terms of the laws of the
Republic of South Africa. All users submit to the jurisdiction of
the South African courts.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our terms & Privacy Policy, please contact us at
legal@esp.info
.