Navigate to your country/region
Ireland
Afghanistan
Aland Islands
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa.
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
Mainland China
Christmas Island.
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Congo, Democratic Republic
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Ivory Coast
Croatia
Cuba
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Scotland
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island & McDonald Islands.
Holy See (Vatican City)
Honduras
Hong Kong, SAR
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran, Islamic Republic of
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Korea
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Lao People's Democratic Republic
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libyan Arab Jamahiriya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao, SAR
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia, Federated States of
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Northern Mariana Islands.
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico.
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Barthelemy
Saint Helena
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
San Martín
St. Pierre and Miquelon.
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and Sandwich Islands.
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
South Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syrian Arab Republic
Taiwan, China
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga.
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
United States Outlying Islands.
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela
Viet Nam
British Virgin Islands.
Virgin Islands, USA.
Wallis and Futuna
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Go
LALIGA
INSTITUTIONAL
LALIGA WITH
SPORT
WHERE TO WATCH
LALIGA
LALIGA
GROUP
LALIGA INSTITUTIONAL
Transparency
Transparency
Regulatory
Institutional information
Organisation chart
Economic management
Agreements and contracts
Subsidies
Compliance
Manual, Guides and Channels
Pressroom
Pressroom
What is LALIGA?
Press Releases
Image Gallery
Logos
Institutional Calendar
Documents
Newsletter
Contact
FUNDACIÓN LALIGA
FUNDACIÓN LALIGA
About us
activities
Futura Afición
Fair Play Social
Environmental Fair Play
Transparency
Sponsors
Sponsors
Campus LALIGA
Audiovisual rights
Audiovisual rights
Documents
Batches
TV Broadcast Regulation
International Audiovisual rights
LALIGA EXPERIENCE
LALIGA Business school
LALIGA Business school
MBA of LALIGA
Master in mgmt, methology and  Football Analytics
Master in Law applied to PF
Master in global sport MK
Master's Degree in Sports Marketing
Work with us
Work with us
LALIGA WITH SPORT
Aficiones Unidas
Aficiones Unidas
About us
Amateur guide
News
LALIGA FC FUTURES
LALIGA FC FUTURES
LALIGA Grassroots
LALIGA Grassroots
Other Competitions
Other Competitions
Copa del Rey
Copa de la Reina
Champions League
Europa League
Conference League
Spanish Super Cup
European Super Cup
UEFA EURO 2024
LALIGA Group
Transparency
Transparency
Regulatory
Institutional information
Organisation chart
Economic management
Contracts
LALIGA Impulso
English
Español
English
LALIGA EA SPORTS
Home
Calendar
Results
Standings
Clubs
Transfers
Partidazos
LALIGA HYPERMOTION
Home
Calendar
Results
Standings
Clubs
Transfers
Fútbol Femenino
Home
Calendar
Results
Standings
Clubs
Liga F
LALIGA Genuine
Home
Results
Standings
Images
Videos
Sponsors
Logos
Stats
Videos
News
Photo Galleries
Apps & Games
LALIGA Tv
Zona Fans
Accreditations
Work with us
Legal notice
Cookies policy
Privacy policy
Complaints
Web Map
©
2025
LaLiga
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE OF THE "LALIGA FANTASY" GAME
1.- OWNERSHIP AND PURPOSE
These terms and conditions regulate the terms of use (hereinafter, the "
Terms
") of the LALIGA Fantasy game in its app and web version (hereinafter, the "
Game"
) by the users of the same. Said Game is exclusively owned by LaLiga Group International, S.L., with Tax ID number B05421805 and registered office in Madrid, C/ Torrelaguna 60, 28043 (hereinafter, "
LALIGA
").
LALIGA is a company duly incorporated under the laws of Spain and is majority owned by the Liga Nacional de Fútbol Profesional. For more information about LALIGA please access the
Legal Notice
.
LALIGA provides the Game free of charge for those users who wish to play, consisting of a football manager where they can create virtual leagues to play with other users, the objective being to score as many points as possible. The score is obtained from the sum of the points obtained by each player lined up in each match day of the National First Division League Championship. Points are awarded to each player according to a series of criteria, including goals, yellow and red cards, among others.
IF THE USER HAS ANY COMMENTS, QUESTIONS OR REQUESTS PLEASE SEND AN EMAIL TO THE FOLLOWING ADDRESS: support@laligafantasy.zendesk.com
This Game has been developed to be used on mobile devices with iOS, Android OS, Windows Phone or other similar operating systems, and LALIGA can periodically update it.
2.- USER
The registration and creation of an account (hereinafter, the "
Account
") in order to use the Game automatically confers the status of user (hereinafter, "
User
") on the person who does so, and implies acceptance of and compliance with the Terms. In accordance with the above, the User is obliged to read these Terms, as well as any other conditions that regulate the use and enjoyment of the Game or its environment, before using or enjoying the Game. You may save these Terms or print them for future reference. LALIGA will also save the text of the entire contract and make it available to you on request.
The User is aware and voluntarily and expressly accepts that the use of the Game is in any case under his sole and exclusive responsibility.
Minimum age.
In order to register and use the Game you must be at least sixteen (16) years of age or have your parent's and/or legal guardian's permission to register and use the Game. Therefore, by accepting these Terms you warrant that you are at least sixteen (16) years of age or, if you are not, that you have parental consent to register for the Game and you accept full responsibility for this statement.
LALIGA may contact the User, at any time, to prove their real age by providing a photocopy of their National Identity Document or an equivalent document. In the event that the User does not provide the aforementioned documentation, LALIGA reserves the right to block the User's use of the Game.
Registration and single sign-on service (LALIGA Single Sign-On).
LALIGA has implemented a means of registration and single sign-on (LALIGA Single Sign-On) that allows the User to access an environment created by LALIGA (LALIGA Ecosystem) and integrated by several applications and websites, both of LALIGA and of the affiliated football clubs with which LALIGA has collaboration agreements, with the aim that the User can enjoy a series of advantages. Each user receives a unique identifier so that any selection or modification of preferences or deletion request made in one of the applications or websites that are part of the ecosystem will affect the rest of the LALIGA Ecosystem environment and the entities that comprise it.
Through LALIGA Single Sign-On, a unique "fan profile" is created in all the channels (assets) connected to LALIGA Ecosystem, which is shared by all the entities responsible for these assets (LALIGA apps and websites, affiliated clubs' apps and websites, etc.).
For more information on LALIGA Ecosystem please consult the following web link:
https://www.laliga.com/informacion-legal/laliga-ecosistema
.
3.- GENERAL CONDITIONS OF USE
3.1.- Registration: login and password
In order to be able to use and enjoy the Game, the User must register by providing the data required to validate the registration. In order to register, the instructions included in the registration form must be followed using the forms provided in the Registration option.
All the information provided by the User through the forms presented to access the functionalities of the Game for the aforementioned purposes or any other, must be truthful, and specifically, the User must be the owner of the e-mail address provided. To this effect, the User guarantees the authenticity of all the data that he/she provides, and that he/she will keep the information provided perfectly updated so that it corresponds, at all times, to the real situation of the User. In any case, the User will be solely responsible for any false or inaccurate statements made and for any damages caused to LALIGA or third parties as a result of the information provided.
When the User creates a User Account, he/she is given a user name and password (hereinafter referred to as "
Identifiers
") that he/she specifies, which will enable him/her to access his/her private Account. The Identifiers are personal and confidential. They can only be changed at the User's request or at LALIGA's initiative. For security purposes, the User undertakes to ensure that the password chosen to register for the Game is unique, i.e. that it is not used for any other application, e-mail account or similar. The assigned identifiers will be personal and non-transferable, and may not be transferred, even temporarily, to third parties. In this sense, the User undertakes to make diligent use of and to keep secret his or her assigned Identifiers, if applicable, to access the Game and/or the Content. In the event that the User knows or suspects the loss, theft or use of his/her password or confidential Identifiers by third parties, he/she must inform LALIGA as soon as possible.
The User will be able to select a preferred region to play (Spain or Global). This choice will imply differences in the content and functionalities of the game. For example, only in the game mode of the Spain region, users will be eligible to participate in the Sponsored Leagues and will have the possibility to watch DAZN's ‘partidazo’ every matchday. LALIGA therefore recommends users to choose the Spain region only if they reside in Spain as the prizes of the Competitions and Contests of the Sponsored Leagues can only be awarded to users in this territory.
The User shall be liable for the costs and damages caused by the access and use of the Game and/or the Content by any third party using User Identifiers for this purpose due to the non-diligent use or wilful loss of the User Identifiers.
3.2.- Other associated accounts
For certain aspects of the Game, you may be able to set up additional accounts that are dependent on your account ("associated account(s)"). The User agrees to be bound by these Terms for any associated accounts (including those of minors) that the User now has or subsequently creates, and that the User is responsible for all activity that occurs under his/her account and any associated account(s). You agree that LALIGA may take action against your account in response to activity on any of your associated accounts, including (i) limiting who may use your Game account or any associated account; (ii) limiting the number of devices from which you may access the Game; (iii) and/or deleting your Account or any associated account.
If you permit or authorise a minor to use an associated account:
The User declares that he/she is a parent or legal guardian of the minor;
The User agrees to supervise the use of the Game by minors who are permitted or authorised by the User to use the Game. The Game is not intended for use by children under the age of sixteen (16) without adult supervision;
If using an associated account, the User acknowledges that the Account holder has full control over its associated account. This control includes the right to: (i) terminate use and enjoyment of the Game; (ii) close or alter their associated account at any time; (iii) access or modify the Parental Controls for their associated account; and (iv) receive notifications from LALIGA. In some cases, this control also includes the ability to request and receive device usage information and Game services in relation to your associated account. Collect profile, usage and activity data relating to your associated account and send it to the account holder of the Game services.
3.3.- Incorrect use of the Game
The User undertakes to make appropriate use of the Game and the Content that can be accessed through it, and not to use it to engage in illegal activities or activities that are contrary to good faith and legal order; to disseminate Content or propaganda of a racist, xenophobic, pornographic or terrorist nature or that violate human rights; cause damage to the physical and computer systems of LALIGA or its suppliers, introduce or disseminate computer viruses or any other physical or computer systems that may cause the aforementioned damage.
3.4.- Provision of Content by the User: licensing and guarantees.
In the event that the functionality of the Game allows the provision of Content/s by the User (meaning the following: opinions, observations, comments, graphic material, photographs, links, questions, suggestions, information, videos, audio and other material that the User sends to the Game or communicates using the Game), the User is free to make the same available, providing LALIGA with the information that may be required in relation to the origin and ownership of the Content and the procedure by which the User has obtained it. This information must be truthful and verifiable in the event that LALIGA so requires.
LALIGA shall decide freely and without any obligation on its part which Content is to be made available to the public via the Game. In the event that LALIGA opens up the possibility of accessing Content made available through the Game by Users, these Users declare that they know and accept that, once made available to other Users of the Game, the Content will be available to third parties throughout the world, and therefore expressly exempt LALIGA from liability for any claims for this reason.
3.4.1.- Rights granted by the User under licence.
All Content communicated by the User through the Game cannot be considered confidential and/or private. The User acknowledges and accepts that LALIGA only acts as a passive channel for the distribution of any Content generated by the User, and does not assume any responsibility and is not liable to the User or any third party for the Content or the accuracy of the Content generated.
In this sense, the User expressly acknowledges that by making available to LALIGA different Contents in the Game, these have been obtained, produced and/or acquired directly by the User, in such a way that he/she holds all the necessary rights over them, with sufficient legitimacy to transfer them to LALIGA under the terms and conditions established in this document. Thus, by virtue of this document and by means of the aforementioned act of making available, the User will be granting:
(I).- In favour of LALIGA, a worldwide, non-exclusive, free, sub-licensable and transferable licence to make any use of the Content, including its commercial exploitation, as well as for advertising and non-commercial uses, to reproduce, distribute, publicly communicate and transform the Content, to make derivative works of the Content, all in relation to the provision of the services of the Game and the operation of the Game and the activity of LALIGA, including, without limitation, for the purposes of promotion and redistribution of all or part of the Game (and its derivative works) in any format and through any communication channel;
(II) To each user of the Game, a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free licence to access the Content through the Game, and to use, reproduce, distribute, make derivative works of display and perform such Content to the extent permitted by the functionality of the Game and subject to these Terms.
The above licences granted by the User in respect of the Content shall be cancelled when the User removes or deletes the User Content from the Game.
The above licences granted by the User with respect to the User Content are perpetual and irrevocable, without prejudice to their ownership rights, the ownership of which shall at all times correspond to the User, as stipulated in the previous section.
3.4.2.- Guarantees
In the event that a User makes, if the functionalities of the Game so permit, Content available to other Users of the Game, this implies that such User guarantees that:
a) That the Content does not imply or contain defamation or slander of any person, company or association, that it does not infringe the regulations for the protection of honour, personal privacy and self-image in force in Spain at the time of submitting the Content, and that nothing in it infringes intellectual property rights, industrial property, or any other right belonging to third parties.
b) That in order to make this transfer of rights, it has the authorisations of the persons appearing in the Content.
c) The User represents and warrants that he/she holds (and will continue to hold while using the Game services) all licences and all rights, consents and permissions necessary to enable LALIGA to use his/her Content for the purposes of providing the Game service and for any other purpose in the manner contemplated by the Game and these Terms.
d) The User undertakes not to publish or upload any Content that contains material that is illegal for the User to possess in his/her country of residence, or whose use or possession is illegal for LALIGA in connection with the provision of the Game services.
e) The User undertakes that the Content that the User provides to the Game will not contain material subject to intellectual property rights of third parties or material subject to other industrial property rights of third parties (including rights of exclusivity or publicity), unless the legal holder of such rights has granted a licence or formal authorisation, or is otherwise legally authorised, to publish the material in question and to grant LALIGA the aforementioned licence.
f) Upon becoming aware of any breach of these Terms, LALIGA reserves the right (but shall not be obliged) to decide whether Content complies with the Content requirements set out in these Terms, and may remove such Content and/or terminate the access of any User to upload Content in breach of these Terms at any time, without notice and at its sole discretion.
LALIGA will pursue the breach of the previous conditions as well as any improper use of the Content presented in the Game, exercising all civil and criminal actions that may correspond to them by law. If the User sees Content in our Game that he/she considers to be illegal, harmful or offensive, he/she is kindly requested to inform LALIGA at the following e-mail address: support@laligafantasy.zendesk.com.
3.5.- Other Contents
With the exception of the Content provided to the Game by the User, all other Content in the Game will be owned or licensed to LALIGA and will be subject to copyright, trademark rights and other intellectual and industrial property rights of LALIGA or LALIGA's licensors. All trademarks and service marks of other third parties present in the Content not uploaded or published by the User shall be trademarks and service marks of their respective owners.
Such Content may not be downloaded, copied, reproduced, distributed, transmitted, broadcast, displayed, sold, licensed or exploited for any purpose without the prior written consent of LALIGA, or LALIGA's licensors, if applicable. LALIGA and its licensors reserve all rights not expressly granted with respect to its Content.
3.6.- Advertising
The User knows and accepts that advertising may appear in the Game and that, therefore, he/she will be able to access advertising either from LALIGA and/or from third party companies or professionals that contract with LALIGA.
Likewise, it is possible that the app shop through which the User downloads the Game may allow the User to pay an economic amount so that advertising does not appear in the Game. In this sense, LALIGA disclaims any responsibility for the relationship that is entered into between the User and the owner of the app shop so that advertising does not appear in the Game. In the event that the User is interested in exercising their right to terminate the contract signed with the app shop, they will have to comply with the cancellation policy of the app shop in question.
3.7.- Exemption from liability
LALIGA shall not be liable for any damages caused by the improper use of the Game by Users. Any act that contravenes the applicable legislation will be the responsibility of the User who carries them out.
In this sense and within the limits established in the applicable regulations, LALIGA will not be liable for any infringements made by any User of the Game that may affect any other User of the same, or third parties, including those that refer to intellectual property rights, industrial property, confidential information and/or any other similar right. Likewise, they will not be liable for the infringements of a User to the personal privacy, honour and/or image of another User or a third party, which will be the exclusive responsibility of the infringer, whether they are statements made in forums, opinions of the user or audio-visual materials provided by the user, in the event that such functionalities exist.
The User accepts responsibility and accepts the consequences derived from the infringement of these rules, and undertakes to hold LALIGA harmless from any claim for this reason.
Any liability that LALIGA may be charged with for any damage or loss for any of the above in a judicial or extrajudicial proceeding, by a Court, Tribunal or competent administrative Public Body, shall be repeated against the User including all amounts that LALIGA has had to pay and bear, including consequential damage and loss of profit, and any costs or charges that it may have had to face, including taxes, fees, lawyers' fees, solicitors' fees, arbitration and any other.
3.8.- Virtual Currencies
The Game may include virtual currencies ("
Virtual Currencies
") or items or services for use with the Game ("
Virtual Items
"). In order to use or enjoy Virtual Coins and/or Virtual Items in the Game, the User may be required to obtain a certain level or progress to a certain point. In this regard, the User agrees that, once acquired, Virtual Coins and Virtual Items have no monetary value and cannot be exchanged for real money, real items or real services by LALIGA or anyone else. The User agrees that the Virtual Coins and/or Virtual Items are not transferable to anyone else, and that the User will not transfer or attempt to transfer the Virtual Coins or Virtual Items to anyone else.
3.9.- Premium Access with Tokens
The Game may include the option to purchase one-time payment tokens that allow the User to access new functionalities or enhancements within it. Tokens are a one-time payment and not a subscription. The price of tokens is set at the time of purchase and is not subject to change for that specific purchase.
LALIGA reserves the right to modify the price of tokens for future purchases due to changes in market conditions, significant increases in acquisition or service provision costs, or in the case of variations in VAT or any other similar tax. Price changes will be reflected directly in the Application and will be effective for purchases made after the price change date. No prior notification to users will be required for token price changes, as these do not involve recurring payments or subscriptions.
3.10.- Subscriptions
The Game includes paid subscriptions that allow the User to enjoy LALIGA Fantasy without advertising. By paying a monthly fee, the User will be able to use the Game without having to watch advertisements.
Subscriptions are open to users of legal age who reside in Spain. To do so, it will be necessary to have a credit or debit card with a Spanish bank or linked to the iTunes account.
Payment will be made through the account associated with the User's device, either App Store or Google Play. It is necessary to have a credit/debit card associated with the account.
The subscription to the ad-free Game will be charged once a month, on or around the day on which the User subscribes. If the billing date is scheduled for a day that does not exist in every month (e.g. the 31st), it will be charged on the last day of that month.
The subscription will be renewed automatically. In case the user does not want the subscription to be renewed automatically, the user will have to cancel the subscription at least 24 hours before the end of the current period. The renewal will be charged on the same day the subscription starts.
The User may cancel their subscription and continue to enjoy LALIGA Fantasy with advertisements by accessing their account settings on their device, accessing the purchased subscription and requesting cancellation.
To request a refund of a subscription, it will depend on:
If the User made a subscription request from an iOS device, the User must access the URL: https://support.apple.com/es-es/HT204084 and request a refund. You must first confirm whether the purchased product is eligible for a refund under Apple's refund policies.
If the User made a subscription request from an ANDROID device and you wish to withdraw, you can request a refund within the first 48 hours by accessing your account settings. You can find more information at:
https://support.google.com/googleplay/workflow/9813244?p=refundAWF&visit_id=637768946016484052-2789740922&rd=1
4.- OTHER CONDITIONS OF USE
The Game may be available to the User through LALIGA's own media and services as well as on various portals, services, platforms, environments and third-party tools.
These Terms complement any other general terms and conditions that may regulate the website from which the Game can be accessed, or any service, procedure, mechanism, platform, environment or means that may be necessary for the use of the Game, and prevail over these texts in the event of any discrepancy.
Some Game services accessible to Users may be subject to special conditions, regulations and instructions which, where applicable, substitute, complete and/or modify the present Terms and which will be understood to have been accepted by the User when the corresponding service is provided.
It is not permitted to carry out techniques or actions within the Game that are fraudulent or contrary to the proper use and normal operation of the Game in any of its game formats (e.g. LALIGA Fantasy or sponsored leagues):
Any mechanism likely to be out of the ordinary that leads to accumulating all the money or the best players in a single user.
Any option that involves out-of-market sales and unrealistic prices.
5.- LINKS TO THIRD PARTIES
For the convenience of the User and for the purpose of enhancing the use of the Game, links to websites owned and controlled by third parties may be provided from time to time.
These links take you outside the service and are beyond the control of LALIGA. The sites to which the User may link have their own independent terms and conditions, as well as their own privacy policy, and LALIGA is not responsible and cannot be held liable for the Content or activities of these sites. Therefore, your visit or access to these sites is at your own risk.
In particular, LALIGA will not be responsible for the technical availability, nor for the Contents, nor for the damages that the User may suffer as a consequence of the consultation or use of the Contents offered through a web page that the User accesses from the Game. In particular, the User may find on these associated pages surveys or forms in which he/she is asked to provide personal or other information, for different reasons or purposes. The User is free to accept or not these offers, but if he/she does so, he/she will establish a direct relationship with the third party in question, and it is possible that LALIGA has no relationship with the third party other than the establishment of a link or access from the LALIGA Game. In this case, this website will be governed by its own data protection rules and general conditions (which will normally be different to those of the Game), which the User must consult and, if applicable, accept.
6.- SPONSORED LEAGUES
Sponsored Leagues are virtual leagues that may be managed either by LALIGA or by LALIGA's commercial partners ("
Partners
"), therefore LALIGA shall not be liable for the Content, nor for any damages that the User may suffer as a result of consulting or using the Content offered through a League sponsored by a Partner that the User accesses from the Game.
If a User decides to register to participate in one of the Sponsored Leagues offered by LALIGA in its Game, he/she will be asked to fill in specific complementary forms in each case, having to fill in at least those fields that are indicated as obligatory for the achievement of the aims and purposes for which that specific Sponsored League is intended. Once the form has been correctly completed, a confirmation e-mail will be sent to the address indicated by the User. By registering in the Sponsored League, the User expressly authorises LALIGA to transfer his/her personal data to the Partner responsible for said Sponsored League, whose name will be indicated in the legal bases accepted by the User, so that the Partner can provide the service requested by the User, as well as for those other purposes indicated in the aforementioned legal bases.
It is the User's responsibility that all information provided during participation in these Sponsored Leagues is accurate and up to date.
The obligatory data are specified in the form itself, and your refusal to provide them will mean that you will not be able to register as a participant in the Sponsored Leagues.
6.1.- Mahou Sponsored League
The Mahou Sponsored League is a league that is not managed by LALIGA but by MAHOU, S.A. Consequently, LALIGA shall not be held responsible for the Contents, nor for any damages that the User may suffer as a result of consulting or using the Contents offered through the Sponsored League that the User accesses from the Game.
6.2.- Dazn Sponsored League
The League Sponsored by Dazn, is a league that is not managed by LALIGA but by DAZN SPAIN, S.L., therefore, LALIGA will not be responsible for the Contents, nor for the damages that the User could suffer as a consequence of the consultation or the use of the Contents offered through the Sponsored League to which the User accesses from the Game.
6.3.- Competitions and Contests
Competitions in which you enter within a Sponsored League or those run directly by LALIGA or by a Partner through specific promotions may be governed by supplemental terms and conditions, but the following general rules apply to all competitions unless otherwise specified in the supplemental terms and conditions.
Submissions and Participation
Submission of Content by the User to participate in the contests is subject to all of the provisions of these Terms regarding submission of User Generated Content. We may disqualify submissions that are late, not sent to the proper address, incomplete or in corrupt files, lost, illegible or invalid, or for which the necessary parental or guardian consent has not been provided. Participation in contests is limited to one submission per person and the use of agents or third parties or the use of multiple identities is not permitted. The use of automatic submission or voting mechanisms and other similar programmes is prohibited; all submissions (or votes) made by such methods will be disqualified.
We reserve the right to modify, suspend, cancel or terminate a contest, to extend or resume the contest entry deadline or to disqualify any participant or submission at any time and without prior notice. We will do so if we cannot guarantee that the contest will be conducted fairly or correctly for technical or legal reasons, or for other justifiable reasons not attributable to us, or if we suspect that any person has manipulated submissions or results, provided false information, or acted unethically. In the event that we cancel or terminate a competition, prizes may be awarded in any manner we deem fair and appropriate in accordance with the local law governing the competition. We will inform entrants of these circumstances and any changes as soon as possible.
Eligibility requirements
To enter a contest, you must be a registered User of one of the Sponsored Leagues running a contest or competition and have an active account with current contact information. No purchase is necessary to enter a contest and making a purchase will not increase your chances of winning. Competitions are not open to members of LALIGA and the Partner managing the Sponsored League (or their immediate family members, these are first degree) or anyone else who is connected with the competition by virtue of their profession. We reserve the right to request proof of identity or to verify the conditions of participation of potential winning submissions, as well as to deliver any prize in person to the winner.
Responsibility
In the event that LALIGA organises a prize draw and/or competition through the Game, the prize draw and/or competition will not be sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or in any way associated with, any app shop or social network. The User dissociates himself/herself completely from the owner of the app shop or social network and is aware that he/she is providing his/her personal information and data to LALIGA and not to the app shop or social network.
Awards
There will be no cash or alternative prizes, however, LALIGA Partner reserves the right to substitute a prize with a similar prize of equal or greater value. Winners may not transfer or sell their prizes. Only the number of prizes indicated for the competition will be available and all prizes will be awarded provided that a sufficient number of valid entries have been received and prizes are validly claimed before the date indicated in the competition, after which date no alternative winners will be selected and no unclaimed prizes will be awarded. Unless otherwise stated in the prize description prior to entry into the competition, winners are responsible for all costs and expenses incurred in claiming their prize. All taxes are the sole responsibility of the winner, although we reserve the right to withhold applicable taxes and the winner agrees to complete the appropriate tax forms.
By accepting a prize, the prize winner consents to participate in reasonable publicity in connection with the contest and grants us the unconditional right to use his/her name, city or town and state, province or country, likeness, prize information and statements about the contest for advertising or promotional purposes in accordance with applicable law, all without obtaining his/her permission or offering additional compensation. As a condition of receiving a prize, winners (or their parents or guardians) may be required to sign and submit an affidavit stating that they are eligible to enter, that they release us from liability, and that they assign to us the rights necessary to conduct the publicity.
You can consult the specific conditions of the “PUBLIC FANTASY LEAGUES SPONSORED BY LALIGA” contests in force during this season
here
.
7.- INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
All intellectual property rights of the elements that make up the Game as well as its Contents (videos, images, designs, texts, photographs, software, etc.) and the Contents to which it gives access belong exclusively to LALIGA or have been duly transferred or licensed to LALIGA and may not be reproduced, copied, pasted, linked, transmitted, distributed, publicly communicated, transformed or manipulated in any way or for any purpose, without the prior written authorisation of LALIGA.
The use of the Game and its services is authorised solely and exclusively for the personal and private use of the User, and its use for commercial purposes, distribution, modification, alteration or decompilation is therefore strictly prohibited.
Any use or modification of the material or Content for any purpose other than that authorised in these Terms, such as, for example, use for commercial purposes or at public events, will be considered a violation of Intellectual Property laws and any other national and/or international regulations applicable to the protection of copyright and any other legal assets that may be infringed.
8.- PRIVACY POLICY
LALIGA acts in full compliance with the obligations and guarantees established by current Data Protection regulations:
Spanish Organic Law 3/2018, of 5 December, on the Protection of Personal Data and Guarantee of Digital Rights.
Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data.
As well as any regulations that may be developed in the future. You can consult the complete Privacy Policy at
this link
.
9.- EXCLUSION OF WARRANTIES; LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
a) LALIGA will operate the Game with a reasonable degree of professionalism and diligence. LALIGA will not make any other promises or warranties about the Game and, to the extent permitted by applicable law, in particular does not warrant that:
(i) the User's use of the Game will be free of interruptions or errors. However, LALIGA will make its best efforts to correct any errors that are detected by LALIGA or reported by Users. The User accepts that LALIGA may occasionally interrupt the operation of the Game for indefinite periods of time or close the Game at any time for technical or operational reasons, in which case LALIGA will inform the User of this circumstance as far as possible;
(ii) the Game shall be free from loss, corruption, attack, viruses, interference, acts of hacking or other security intrusions, which shall constitute force majeure circumstances, and LALIGA disclaims any liability in relation to such circumstances. Some Content can only be downloaded once; thereafter it cannot be replaced regardless of the cause of loss. The User shall be responsible for making backup copies on their own system, including copies of any Content purchased through the Game.
b) By way of clarification, LALIGA is not responsible, and the User is solely responsible for the contracting, knowledge and control of any other costs that may be incurred for the correct reception of the Game (other than the specific consideration that LALIGA may establish for the specific download of the Game or of all or some of the services and Content offered through the same).
c) Except as provided in paragraph (e) below, or in the event that the User exercises its legal right to reimbursement or compensation, in no event shall LALIGA or its directors, officers, employees, affiliates, agents, contractors or licensors be liable for any loss or damage caused by LALIGA, its employees or agents where:
(i) the legal duty of care owed to the User has not been breached by LALIGA or any of its employees or agents;
(ii) would not have been a reasonably foreseeable result of such a breach;
(iii) any incremental loss or damage arises from the User's breach of any provision of these Terms;
(iv) results from a decision by LALIGA to remove or refuse to process any information or Content, to issue a warning, to suspend or terminate the User's access to the Game or to take any other action during the investigation of a possible breach or as a result of a determination by LALIGA that a breach of these Terms has occurred; or
(v) it concerns loss of revenue, business or profits or loss or corruption of data related to the User's use of the Game.
d) LALIGA will use all possible means to protect the information sent by the User to the Game, including protection against any type of fraudulent use, and LALIGA may request a change of password at any time in order to guarantee security.
e) Nothing in these Terms shall exclude or limit LALIGA's liability for fraud, gross negligence, malice, death or personal injury or the rights of the User in application of the applicable mandatory consumer and user regulations. With respect to those paid contents of the Game, we remind you of the existence of a legal guarantee of conformity applicable to digital services as established in art 114 et seq. of Royal Legislative Decree 1/2007, of 16 November, the General Law for the Protection of Consumers and Users ("legal guarantee"). This legal guarantee of conformity applies to purchases made in Spain. Consult the regulations for more information on the conditions of the legal guarantee.
f) If the User breaches these Terms, the User shall be liable to LALIGA, its directors, officers, employees, affiliates, agents, contractors and licensors in respect of any claims arising from such breach. The User shall also be liable for any action taken by LALIGA in connection with the investigation of a possible breach of these Terms or as a consequence of LALIGA's determination or conclusion that a breach of these Terms has occurred.
10.- RIGHT TO MAKE MODIFICATIONS TO THE GAME BY THE LEAGUE.
LALIGA reserves the right to make any modifications it deems appropriate to its Game without prior notice, being able to change, delete or add both the Contents and services it provides and the way in which they are presented or located.
In this sense, the access, Contents and services offered through the Game and/or the Contents have, in principle, an indefinite duration, unless otherwise stipulated in the applicable specific conditions or in the applicable legislation at any given time. However, the User accepts that LALIGA may unilaterally terminate, suspend or interrupt, at any time without prior notice, the availability of the Game and/or any of the services, without the possibility of the User being able to demand any compensation whatsoever, all with the limits applicable in accordance with the applicable consumer regulations. After such termination, the User must destroy any material obtained with respect to the Game and/or the portal where the Content is offered, including all software and documentation, as well as any copies, printouts and installations.
If your services are cancelled or terminated, LALIGA may permanently delete the information associated with your account, including your Content, from our servers, and LALIGA shall have no obligation to return any Content to you.
11.- MODIFICATIONS TO THE CONDITIONS OF USE.
LALIGA may replace, at any time, for technical reasons or due to changes in the provision of the service or in regulations, as well as modifications that may derive from applicable standard codes or, where appropriate, due to strategic corporate decisions, the Terms and the Privacy Policy and which, as the case may be, will replace, complement and/or modify the Terms and Privacy Policy.
When LALIGA replaces or modifies the Terms or the Privacy and Personal Data Protection Policy, it will publish them on the website and/or give notice of them through the website, and if the User continues to use the service, LALIGA will understand that they have accepted the modifications introduced. In the event that the User does not agree with the modifications made, they may unsubscribe from the Game by following the usual procedure provided for this purpose.
LALIGA recommends that the user periodically consults the Terms and Privacy Policy, as they may undergo modifications, and the version in force at any given time can be consulted in the sections Terms of Use of the Game and Privacy Policy. The temporary validity of these legal conditions coincides, therefore, with the time they are displayed, until such time as they are totally or partially modified.
12.- CONDITIONS OF INTERNATIONAL USE.
The Game regulated under these Terms is managed by LALIGA, which operates in Spain, making its Content available within the territorial scope of Spain. Although the Game may be accessible from outside Spain, given the inherent "non-territorial" nature of Internet access, the user understands and shares that the Game is intended to be used primarily by Spanish users and, where appropriate, by any person or entity in any country or jurisdiction insofar as its use is not contrary to local laws or regulations in force at any given time. Therefore, if any or all of the Content or elements hosted in the LALIGA Game are considered illegal in other countries, access to them and their use by the User is prohibited and, in the event that these occur, it will be exclusively under the responsibility of the User, who is obliged to comply with and observe the laws applicable to these countries.
The use of the Game by the User within a specific country is at the User's own risk. Content and functionalities may not be available in all countries or territories. Likewise, LALIGA informs the User that it is possible that some of the functionalities of the Game may not be available and/or work properly in all countries due to technical and/or legal limitations.
13.- LEGISLATION AND JURISDICTIONAL COMPETENCE.
The relationship established between LALIGA and the User shall be governed by the provisions of the regulations in force regarding applicable legislation and competent jurisdiction. However, for those cases in which the applicable regulations allow it, these Terms of Use shall be governed by the provisions of Spanish law. Furthermore, in the event that the applicable regulations provide for the possibility of the parties submitting to a jurisdiction, LALIGA and the User, expressly waiving any other jurisdiction that may correspond to them, will submit any disputes and/or litigation to the knowledge of the Courts and Tribunals of the city of Madrid.
Nothing in these Terms of Use shall exclude, limit or restrict the participant's rights under any applicable mandatory consumer law.
14.- PREVAILING LANGUAGE.
The Terms and Conditions may also be available to the User in Arabic and English. The User acknowledges and agrees that in the event of any discrepancy between the Spanish, English, or Arabic versions, the Spanish version shall prevail.
Date of last update:
28 October 2024
©Copyright 2024 LALIGA.
All rights reserved.
LaLiga Group International, S.L.
CIF: B-05421805.
Address: Calle Torrelaguna 60, 28043 Madrid.
Tel.: 91 205 50 00.
Fax: 91 408 08 28.
Email: support@laligafantasy.zendesk.com