Privacy statement for the
        application “MyRoute-app Mobile” of MyRouteApp B.V.
This privacy statement was last edited on April
        20
th
, 2022.
Introduction and definitions
This privacy statement applies to all users of the
        app
        MyRoute-app Mobile by MyRouteApp B.V. (hereafter referred to as “MyRouteApp”). By using the MyRoute-app Mobile,
        MyRouteApp B.V. obtains personal data from you. This privacy statement is intended to enlighten you about the
        way we
        process this information.
Before you read the privacy statement, we would like
        to
        clarify four concepts that are important for the full understanding of this privacy statement. These four
        concepts
        are: the 'privacy statement', the 'data subject', the 'personal data' and 'processing'.
The
'privacy statement'
is an informative
        document. It informs, among other things, what personal data is collected, for what purpose, what is done with
        it,
        how long this takes place and what rights the data subject has regarding this process.
The privacy statement is addressed to the person
        whose
        personal data will be processed. That person is called the
‘data subject’
.
‘Personal data’
is a very broad concept. It concerns information and data about an identified or identifiable person. This means that the information is directly about a person, or can be traced back to a person. For example: someone’s name, address, telephone number, email address, IP-address, license plate, or a passport photograph.
Every action that can be done with personal data is
        indicated by the word
'process'
. This includes collecting, organizing, storing, updating, modifying,
        retrieving, using, distributing, combining, blocking, erasing, and destroying the data, and any other action
        concerning the processing of personal data.
Contact information
The contact details of the controller of the
        personal
        data can be found below.
Full name of the company: MyRouteApp B.V.
Address: Bredewater 16
Postal code: 2715 CA, Zoetermeer
Country The Netherlands
Telephone number: +316-39087165
Email address:
https://www.myrouteapp.com
/contact#contact
You can contact the controller with your questions
        and
        concerns regarding the procedure and handling of your personal data by MyRouteApp. You can also contact the
        controller in case you want to exercise any of your rights regarding the personal data processed by
        MyRouteApp.
Processed personal data
The following personal data can be processed by
        MyRouteApp.
Screen name of the
                data
                subject.
Email address of the
                data
                subject.
The IP-address of the
                data
                subject.
The type of logged-in
                device of the data subject.
The country in which
                the
                data subject resides.
The location of the
                data
                subject.
Added images (possibly
                containing personal data) to the account of the data subject.
Forum posts posted by
                the
                data subject.
Ticket
                messages send in by the data subject.
The
                address of the data subject (if specified).
The personal data stated above, will be deleted
        30 days after the account has been deleted by the data subject.
If you do not want to share the above-mentioned
        personal data with MyRouteApp, the website will not be usable and functional for you.
How does MyRouteApp obtain your personal
        data?
MyRouteApp obtains the personal data directly
        from you. This happens when you visit the website, create an account and enter certain information, or when
        you contact our Support department, for example.
Location data
MyRoute-app Mobile collects location data to
        enable the tracking functionality even when the app is in the background.
This data is only collected when the tracking
        feature has been manually activated by the user. Closing the app will stop the background tracking.
The track is saved if you click "save"
        separately. If you do not save, the location data will not be saved in the system. If you have saved, the
        location data is for your accessibility only. MyRouteApp cannot access your location data.
Personal data required for the participation in
        competitions and special offers
If you have taken part in a competition
        organized by MyRouteApp, we may request additional personal data from you, such as your address and full
        name. This data will be requested from you directly and will not be stored. We need this information to send
        products, for example. The information or personal data requested in this case, will only be used for that
        purpose.
Purpose and base
MyRouteApp processes the above-mentioned
        personal data for the following purposes.
As a necessity for the
                proper functioning of the website.
As support for the
                system
                and the user.
For analysis of the
                user
                base.
Base
MyRouteApp processes the personal data based on
        the following legal bases.
The consent
                of
                the person to whom the personal/user data applies and belongs.
By
                        giving
                        explicit consent to the processing of the personal data as data subject, you have given us a
                        legal
                        base on which we may process the above-mentioned personal data that applies and belongs to
                        you.
You can always
                        withdraw this permission. This will result in MyRouteApp not processing your personal date in
                        the
                        future.
Withdrawal of
                        your
                        permission does not have retroactive effect. This means that the processing of your personal
                        data
                        before the withdrawal of consent remains legitimate.
Executing an
                agreement.
The service
                        provided by MyRouteApp is impossible without processing the abovementioned personal data. For
                        example, MyRouteApp needs the location data (the country in which the data subject resides) of
                        its
                        users when planning routes.
The
                legitimate
                interest of MyRouteApp.
This refers to
                        the
                        performance of regular business activities. By processing the personal data, the website can
                        function. MyRouteApp collects as little data as possible regarding this. With the
                        above-mentioned
                        personal data, we can also reach existing customers for commercial purposes.
Third parties
MyRouteApp shares your personal data
        with third parties. This makes the service more efficient and user friendly, faster and better. Only
        relevant personal data is shared. In addition, personal data is only shared if this is required on
        the basis of one or more of the legal grounds mentioned above.
MyRouteApp shares your personal data
        with the following third parties.
Statistics service
                providers
Maintenance or support
                service providers
Digital facility
                service
                providers
Administrative service
                extension providers
MyRouteApp receives personal data from
        “Freshdesk”. This data concerns the ‘forum posts’ and ‘ticket posts’. For more information about the
privacy policy of Freshdesk
, please refer to the Freshdesk privacy policy.
Employees with access to your personal
        data
Employees of MyRouteApp who have access to
        personal data of data subjects, are never allowed to use this data for personal purposes. This includes, for
        example, the situation in which an employee uses personal data of data subjects from the user base to look
        up this person on the internet or a social medium. This also includes all other actions concerning the
        personal data of data subjects for personal purposes.
Protection of your personal data
The personal data that MyRouteApp processes
        about you is stored in a secure and locked database in the European Economic Area (EEA). MyRouteApp does
        everything it can to keep your personal data safe.
Where MyRouteApp stores your personal
        data
MyRouteApp stores your personal data within
        the European Economic Area (EEA). In principle, your personal data will not leave the European Economic
        Area. This can only be the case if the sharing of your personal data is necessary for the provisions of
        services of a third party to MyRouteApp, which is located outside the European Economic Area.
Rights of the data
        subject
Every data subject has rights to guarantee a
        correct privacy policy. If you want to exercise one or more of these rights, you can contact the controller
        (see the paragraph on “contact information” listed above). In case you seek contact with the controller, the
        controller is obliged to provide you with a reply within one month.
Right of access by the data
        subject
Every data subject has the right to access and
        get insight in the personal data that MyRouteApp has processed from you. You have the right to have this
        explained to you, and can, if desired, obtain a copy of the personal data of you that is in possession of
        MyRouteApp. Costs may be associated with this request.
Right of rectification
Every data subject has the right to rectify
        personal data that MyRouteApp has processed about you if this data turns out to be incorrect or incomplete.
        Rectifying means recovering one or more errors.
Right of erasure
You have the right to request that (a part of)
        your personal data be deleted from our possession. MyRouteApp, as an information society service, is obliged
        to delete this data. However, the following grounds for exception apply, when processing is required:
For exercising the
                right
                of freedom of expression and information.
For compliance with a
                legal obligation which requires processing by a Union or Member State law to which the controller is
                subject
                or for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official
                authority
                vested in the controller.
For reasons of public
                interest in the area of public health.
For archiving purposes
                in
                the public interest, scientific or historical research purposes or statistical purposes in so far as
                deletion of the personal data is likely to render impossible or seriously impair the achievement of the
                objective of that processing.
For the establishment,
                exercise or defence of legal claims.
Right to object
You have the right to object to the processing of
        your
        personal data. You must state what your specific reasons are for making an objection. If you object to direct
        marketing, direct marketing will immediately be discontinued.
Right to restrict
You have the right to temporarily stay or stop
        MyRouteApp from processing your personal data. This means that the processing of the personal data will
        temporarily
        stop, this does not mean that your personal data will be deleted. This possibility exists so that a problem,
        complaint or objection can be resolved.
Right of portability
You have the right to receive personal data that we
        have
        processed from you in a readable form.
Right to lodge a
        complaint
If you believe that your rights are being or have
        been
        violated, you have the right to file a complaint with the supervisory authority. This is the Dutch Data
        Protection
        Authority. The complaint can be submitted via post, mail or via the website of the Dutch Data Protection
        Authority
        for personal data. The following information applies.
Autoriteit Persoonsgegevens Post office
        box
        93374
2509 AJ The Hague
We would like to inform you that it is MyRouteApp’s
        preference that you first submit a complaint to the controller (see “contact information” listed above). We
        prefer
        to solve the complaint with you.
Stay informed
This privacy statement has been compiled with (legal
        and
        technical) care. We keep a close eye on developments in the field of privacy law and will also act on this. That
        is
        why the privacy statement can sometimes be changed. We therefore recommend that you regularly check the
privacy statement. At the top of this document we
        will
        always place the date on which the document was last edited, so that you can see at a glance whether you have
        missed
        something.