Privacy Policy
Effective May 8, 2015
Excellent Rectangle LLC (“Excellent Rectangle,” “we” or “us”) is committed to protecting your privacy and ensuring that your use of Glimpse (the “App”) is as secure and enjoyable as possible. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect information from you during your use of the App, and how we use that information.
What we collect
If you register for an account, then we will collect personal information from you, including your name and email address. In addition, we may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile devices unique device ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browsers you use, and information about the way you use the App.
How we use your personal information
We may use your personal information for the following purposes:
To respond to requests for information or services.
To confirm your identity.
To provide customer support.
To inform you of upcoming sales, new products, promotions, contests and other advertising. You may opt-out of receiving non-service related communications from us.
Who we share it with
We never sell or rent your personal information; we may disclose your personal information to third-party service providers (but only to the extent that such disclosure is needed) or if required to do so by law (for example, a subpoena) or regulation, or in good faith to (a) comply with legal processes served on the site, or (b) protect the rights and property of Excellent Rectangle, or (c) where our records indicate fraudulent activity or other deceptive practices that a governmental agency should be made aware of, or (d) where your communication suggests possible harm to others.
In the event that Excellent Rectangle, or any operation thereunder, is transferred or sold, we reserve the right to transfer your personal information to the entity or entities that have taken control of or purchased Excellent Rectangle. If that happens, the new entity or entities will adhere to a privacy policy that is at least as stringent as this policy.
Security of your Personal Information
Your personal information is never shared with outside parties without your permission, except under conditions explained above, and data is stored in password-controlled servers with limited access. Our App uses secure socket layer (“SSL”) encryption to protect your personal information whenever it is collected or transmitted.
No one can see or edit your personal information without knowing your username and password, so do not share these with others. If you believe that an unauthorized person has gained access to your username and/or password, please notify us immediately by contacting us.
Access to your Personal Information
You may review and update your personal information at any time by contacting us.
To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access to your data.
Use of Analytics
Our App does generate certain kinds of non-identifying site usage data, such as the number of hits and visits to the App. This information is used for internal purposes only. The statistics contain no personal information and cannot be used to gather such information.
The App uses “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the App or our services.
We also use third party analytic services that may collect information about crashes, usage and other events related to the App. The services we currently use are:
HockeyApp
Flurry
Changes to Privacy Policy; California Online Privacy Protection Act
In the event that we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will post a message on the App alerting you that changes have been made.
Because we value your privacy we have taken steps to comply with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. If you are a California resident and would like to review and/or modify the personal information that we have on file for you, please contact us at
support@madewithglimpse.com
.
Problems or complaints with Our Privacy Policy
We value your comments and opinions. If you have questions, comments or a complaint about compliance with this privacy policy you may contact us.