Contact us
Name:
Mail
Message
RU
|
EN
Exotron Corp. Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Exotron Corp. develops and publishes social games for the web and mobile devices. We are committed
to protecting the privacy of our users and provide them a better social gaming experience.
PLEASE NOTE THAT OUR GAMES ARE INTENDED FOR ENTERTAINMENT PURPOSES ONLY. THE GAMES DO NOT OFFER ANY REAL PRIZES OF MONETARY VALUE.
This privacy policy is made to inform users of our games about their privacy protection with us and the type of information that is collected from our clients as well as our policies and practices regarding the collection, storage, use, and disclosure of that information through our games.
Please read this Policy carefully, because by giving us your personal information, you are acknowledging the fact that you understand and agree to the terms of this policy, and consent to the manner in which we may collect, store, use and disclose the foregoing information. If you do not agree to the terms and conditions of our privacy policy
,
please refrain from giving us any of your personal information or playing our games and reach out to our customer services agent for any queries before giving your personal information to us.
Exotron Corp. has the right to make changes in this policy whenever our company feels the need to. We recommend you to review this policy from time to time to make sure that you are aware of the changes in our privacy policy.
General Information we Collect
The information we collect includes the information you voluntarily give us like an email address, name, credit reports, your date of birth etc. We don’t sell or give this information to anyone. That information is only the property of our company and used only for the purpose you gave it for. When you play our games, some information is collected automatically. This includes usage of information such as browser type, operating system, download time, number of users downloaded our game and etc. This information doesn’t identify you personally and if by any mean it does, we will treat it as personal information and will keep it safe.
In usage Information, we also collect your IP address, MAC Address or another unique identifier for the mobile device, Wi-Fi card, or other technology devices which you use to access our games. This helps us identify your repeat visits.
How we Use Your Information
:
The basic reason Exotron Corp. collects information from its users is to make their gaming experience more enjoyable. Your information is used for the purpose of your identification and for us to be able to contact you when needed. The information you provide us can also be used for your in-app purchases with us which are processed by the third party. Exotron Corp. can use your information to send details about promotional offers, game updates etc. Exotron Corp. uses your information to create your gaming account with us and optimize your fun level. All this is used for your own benefits. We use your information to help us better understand your behavior and the likes and dislikes of our users. Your information helps us customize our services for you. We may also send promotional emails to you on the email address you provide us. Exotron Corp. is striving for excellence and by collecting all this information we want to provide our users with a fraud-free gaming experience. Your information can also be used for you to connect with other players and also be used to resolve any problems you face while playing our games. We may require you to give us feedback on your gaming experience and it may be made it public for our potential users to know more about our games before installing our games. Our friend-finding tools may require some information such as your name and profile picture for it to locate your friends and connect with them. All your information is collected, stored and used in bona fide intentions by Exotron Corp. for you to get positive gaming experience.
Personal Information
Here is a list of information Exotron Corp. collects from its users from time to time on different platforms for various purposes.
Name
Date of Birth
email address
Your social network or third party service user identification number
(like your Facebook ID number)
Billing and financing information for third party purchases
Profile picture
Friends' information
Your country
Your gender
Your interests or favorite games
Exotron Corp. may combine any of above types of information to make your gaming experience better so that you can have more fun while playing your favorite games. Exotron Corp. doesn't store any of your financial information which you give in order to make in-app purchases.
Third-Party Advertising
We may feature advertising within the games and may employ third party ad serving technologies to collect information about you and your use of the game.
Advertising shown to users may be based on your user profile in order to provide personalized advertisements that may be of interest to you, and advertising in the game may come from affiliate advertising networks. The data collected may include IP address, device ID, MAC address, installed software, application usage data, hardware type, operating system information, browser information, browser cookies, flash cookies, and in-game information.
Data Security
Without your consent or authorization, we do not sell or give your information to anyone.
We only disclose your information in good faith such as when required by law to fulfill court orders or to apply our policies.
Your Privacy Rights
You can access your information anytime. You can know what information about you is with us by contacting us. We give you the privacy right to see the data which we have about you, change the data we have or delete it. You can let us know about your specific privacy concerns and we would do our best to respect your concerns
Contact us
Contact us via e-mail at info@exotron.com to get information about your data and its usage.
© Exotron Corporation  2015-2018. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy
info@exotron.com
Twitter
Facebook