www.lingo-play.com
Effective on 2021-08-30
This privacy statement describes how LINGO PLAY LTD collects and
    uses the personal information you provide. It also describes the choices
    available to you regarding our use of your personal information and how
    you can access and update this information.
Location Services
Some services on this site make use of location-based data. If you
    allow these services, we will collect information about the Wi-fi routers
    closest to you and the cell IDs of the towers closest to you.
    We use this information to provide the requested location-based
    service, not to identify you. You will be asked for your permission each
    time a location-based service is requested.
- Provide you content based upon your location.
- Check you in to a store or other location to enable you to earn
    loyalty rewards or let others know where you are.
- Provide you special local offers.
Collection and Use
We collect the following personal information from you:
- Contact Information such as name, email address, mailing address and
    phone number if provided.
- Unique Identifiers such as user name, account number.
- Preferences Information you provide such as product or content interests,
    or communication or marketing preferences.
- Usage activity about how you interact with us such as purchase history,
    what content you viewed, and which areas of our site you visited.
- Device Information.
We also collect the following information from you:
- Information about your mobile device such as your mobile device id
    (similar to a website IP address), if you accept tracking from developer.
We automatically gather information about
    your computer such as your IP address, browser type, referring/exit pages,
    and operating system.
We use this information to:
- Fulfill your order.
- Assess your needs to determine suitable products or services.
- Respond to customer service requests.
- Send you push notifications when you are using our app. If you do
    not want these notifications, you can manage your preference either
    through your device or app settings depending on your device type.
You can also contact us at info@lingo-play.com
- Send you marketing communications.
- Improve our App and marketing efforts.
- Conduct research and analysis.
- Respond to your questions and concerns.
- Display content based upon your interests.
We classify user information including but not limited to, call logs,
    message logs, email address, phone number, name, social media account
    information, and contacts as private and confidential information.
Choice/Opt-Out
You may opt-out of receiving our newsletter or marketing emails from us
    by following the unsubscribe instructions included in each newsletter or
    marketing email or you can contact us at info@lingo-play.com
Social Networks
We enable you to create a profile, and share information such as messages,
    photos, and videos with others within your network. We cannot control the
    actions of others with whom you may choose to share your pages and
    information. Also we cannot guarantee that the content you post on our site
    will not be viewed by others outside your network.
Information Obtained from Third Parties
If you provide us personal information about others, or if others give us
    your information, we will only use that information for the specific reason
    for which it was provided to us.
Sharing Your Information
We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are
    described in this privacy statement.
We may provide your personal information to companies that provide
    services to help us with our business activities such as shipping your order
    or offering customer service. These third parties are authorized to use your
    personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us.
We may disclose your personal information
- as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar
    legal process.
- when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect
    our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate
    fraud, or respond to a government request.
- if LINGO PLAY LTD is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of
    all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a
    prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses
    of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have
    regarding your personal information.
- to any other third party with your prior consent to do so.
We make your personal information available to other companies so that
    they can market their products or services to you. If you do not want us to
    make your personal information available to these companies, contact us at
    info@lingo-play.com
Tracking and Ads
We partner with a third party ad network to either display advertising on
    our App or to manage our advertising on other sites. Our ad network
    partner uses technologies to collect non-personally identifiable information
    about your activities on this and other Apps to provide you targeted
    advertising based upon your interests.
Security
The security of your personal information is important to us. When you
    provide sensitive information (such as a credit card number) to us, we
    encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer
    technology (SSL).
We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal
    information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive
    it. No method of transmission, or method of electronic storage, is 100%
    secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
If you have any questions about security on our Web site, you can contact
    us at info@lingo-play.com
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as
    needed to provide you services. If you wish to cancel or delete your account or
    request that we no longer use your information to provide you services
    contact us at info@lingo-play.com. We will retain and use your
    information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve
    disputes, and enforce our agreements. If you request to delete all data
    please mail to info@lingo-play.com
Other Information
Correcting and Updating Your Personal Information
To review and update your personal information to ensure it is accurate,
    contact us at info@lingo-play.com.
Notification of Privacy Statement Changes
We may update this privacy statement to reflect changes to our information
    practices. If we make any material changes we will notify you by email
    (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a
    notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage
    you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our
    privacy practices.
Contact
You can contact us about this privacy statement by writing or email us at the address below:
Lingo Play Ltd
HONG KONG, Flat G Floor 7 Mega Cube 8 Wang Kwong Road Kowloon Bay KLN
CASTLE PEAK ROAD, KOWLOON
HONG KONG
Email: info@lingo-play.com
www.lingo-play.com