[]
Sign In
Recipes
Guides & Tools
Studio Pass
Classes
Joule
Joule Oven
Joule Sous Vide
Cook with Joule
What is Sous Vide?
Chef Recs
Shop
We Need Cookies
ChefSteps accounts work best with cookies enabled in your browser. These are little text files stored on your computer that tell us to remember stuff. If you just want to look at recipes, go for it! If you want all the benefits of an account, please enable cookies.
Privacy Policy
BREVILLE PRIVACY NOTICE
Effective: September, 2020
This Privacy Policy explains how information about you is collected,
used and disclosed by Breville USA, Inc. (“Breville,” “we,” or “us”) when you
access or use our website and mobile applications, our connected appliances,
and our other products and services (collectively, the “Services”), or when you
otherwise interact with us.
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make changes,
we will notify you by revising the date at the top of the policy and, in some
cases, we may provide you with additional notice such as adding a statement to
our homepage or sending you a notification through our Services. We encourage
you to review the Privacy Policy whenever you access our Services or otherwise
interact with us to stay informed about our information practices and the
choices available to you.
Whether or not to
provide such information is your choice but if you choose not to provide the
information we request, you may be unable to purchase products, use our mobile
applications or other services, or access certain services, offers and content
on our web sites. Also, we may need to contact you via phone, email or mail to
address transactional questions or issues such as those specific to your order,
even if you have opted to not receive marketing communications from us. In
general, you can visit many of our web pages without telling us who you are or
revealing any contact information about yourself.
Collection
of Information
Information You Provide to Us.
We collect information that you provide directly to us. For example, we
collect information when you create an account, make a purchase, enroll in our
classes, participate in the interactive areas of our Services, communicate with
us via third-party social media sites, participate in our contests, marketing
campaigns, sweepstakes and surveys, request customer support, or otherwise
communicate with us. The types of information we collect may include:
·
First
and last name
·
Your
postal address(es) for billing and shipping
·
Your
telephone number
·
Your
email address
·
Purchase
information, including lifestyle and food preferences, and grocery lists
·
Personal
details (e.g., date of birth, gender)
·
Your
IP address
·
Photographs,
social media usernames and account ID’s
·
Feedback
and reviews of
Breville’s
products
and any other
information you choose to provide.
Information We Collect Automatically.
When you access or use our Services or connect your Breville appliance
to our Services, we automatically collect information about you and associate
it with information that you provide directly to us. For example, we may
collect:
When you make a
purchase or a return, we collect information about the transaction, such as the
class or product details, the transaction amount and the date of the
purchase/return. Note that we do not store or share payment card information,
such as credit card numbers. Financial transactions are processed through a
variety of third-party processors. The applicable financial processor depends
on the type of transaction.
To identify
a particular processor, please contact us at
privacy@breville.com
·
Website Log Information
:
We log information about your use of our website, such as your computer’s
operating system, the type of browser you use, access times, pages viewed, your
IP address and the web page that referred you to our site.
·
Using pixel tags and other similar technologies
: We also use pixel tags
(also known as web beacons and clear GIFs) – tiny graphic images – to tell us
what parts of our website you have visited or to measure the effectiveness of
any searches you may do on our website. Pixel tags also enable us to send your
email in a format you can read and let us know when you have opened an email
message from us. Some of our third-party vendors may also use cookies or other
online tools including pixel tags on our website. Pixels and cookies may also
collect and use the geographical location of your computer or mobile device.
This location data is collected for the purpose of providing you with
information regarding services which we believe may be of interest to you based
on your geographic location, and to improve our location-based products and
services.
We may contract with third-party advertising companies to serve ads on
our behalf across the internet. To do this, they will collect information about
your visits to our website and your interaction with our products and services.
They may also use information about your visits to this and other websites to
target advertisements. These targeted advertisements may appear on other sites
that you visit. This information is collected using a cookie or pixel tag –
industry standard technology used by most websites.
For more information, see the Advertising and
Analytics Services Provided by Others section below.
Information Collected related to Your Use of Breville connected
appliances
. When you first pair your connected appliance to our mobile
application, it will automatically link to your Breville account. For
information about de-linking your appliance from your Breville account, please
see “Your Choices” below. When you connect your appliance to a Wi-Fi network,
we collect information about:
·
the
model itself and the network (such as name and connection strength),
·
your
use of the appliance, such as what you are cooking and how you cook, as well as
your cooking and recipe preferences,
·
data
from the appliance’s sensors and components,
·
technical
and usage information.
Please see “Use of Information” below to understand how we use this
data.
·
Device Information:
When
you access or use our mobile sites or apps or connect your Breville connected
appliance to our services, we collect information about the mobile phone, tablet
or other device you are using, including the hardware model, operating system
and version, device identifiers, mobile network information and information
about your use of our Services.
·
Location Information:
With
your consent, we collect information about your location when you access or use
one of our mobile applications or connect your Breville connected appliance to
our services. For more details about the collection of location information and
the choices you have, please see “Your Choices” below.
By linking information:
We may combine personal information with information about your online
and in-store transactions and other interactions with us, including your
purchases. We may also combine your personal information with information we
receive from other sources, such as joint marketing partners, public databases,
publicly available pages on social media platforms and other third parties. We
use this information for market research purposes and to improve the quality of
the Services we offer.
Your Social Sharing:
If you choose to engage in social sharing, such as by connecting your
social media account to your customer account or by logging into your customer
account from your social media account, the social media site may share
information with us about your use of their services, including profile
information, information about your contacts and content you have viewed or
liked. Please refer to the social media site’s privacy settings to control how
your information is shared. If you submit any personal information relating to
other people to us or to our service providers, you represent that you have the
authority to do so and to permit us to use the information in accordance with
this Privacy Policy.
Information Collected by Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies:
We and our service providers use various technologies, including cookies
and web beacons, to collect information about you when you interact with our
Services or emails, including information about your browsing and purchasing behavior.
Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive or in device memory that
help us improve our website and your experience, see which areas and features
of our website are popular, and count visits. Web beacons are electronic images
that we use on our website and in our emails that help us deliver cookies,
count visits and understand usage and campaign effectiveness. For more
information about cookies, and how to disable them, please see our https://www.breville.com/us/en/legal/cookie-policy.html
and visit
www.aboutcookies.org
.
Use of Information
We use your information
for
as necessary
to provide you with the Services , including to:
·
Provide and
deliver the Services you request, manage your accounts, process transactions
(such as shipping products and out-of-stock notices), administer warranties, facilitate
repairs, and send you related information, including confirmations and receipts;
·
Send you technical
notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;
·
Respond to your
comments, questions and requests, and provide customer service;
·
Facilitate
contests, sweepstakes and promotions, and process and deliver entries and
rewards;
·
Enforce our Terms
of Use and Sale or other legal rights;
·
Detect,
investigate and prevent fraudulent transactions and other illegal activities,
and protect the rights, property and safety of Breville, its affiliates, you
and others;
Likewise, we may use your personal information to allow and facilitate
providing you with better care.
Maintain, protect and improve our Services
·
Communicate with
you about products, services, classes, recipes, offers, promotions, events and
other news and information we think will be of interest to you (for information
about opting out of these communications, see “Your Choices” below);
·
Monitor and
analyze trends, usage and activities in connection with our Services;
·
Personalize and
improve our Services and provide tailored advertisements, content or features
to you;
·
To upload and post
your feedbacks and reviews (including your photos and social media usernames);
·
Further our
business purposes and those of our third party service providers, such as,
without limitation, troubleshooting, data analysis, audits, security, fraud
monitoring and prevention; developing new products, enhancing, improving or
modifying products or services; identifying usage trends, determining the
effectiveness of promotions; collaborating with our partners; responding to
customer service inquiries; and operating and expanding current or future
business activities;
·
Link or combine
with information we collect via other sources
in accordance with applicable law to help
understand your needs and provide you with better service.;
Sharing of Information
We may share information about you as follows or as otherwise described
in this Privacy Policy including, but not limited to, the following
circumstances:
·
With
Breville’s
affiliates, which are companies controlled by or
under common control with Breville including its parent company, Breville Pty.
Ltd in Australia, with our third-party vendors, consultants and other service
providers who need access to such information to carry out work on our behalf,
for instance to ship products to you, process and administer your payments,
sweepstakes/contests or trouble shooting as well as website hosting, data
analysis, order fulfillment, information technology and related infrastructure
provision, customer service, email delivery, auditing, and other services;
·
When you purchase
third-party products through us, we share information with the suppliers of
such products in order to fulfill your order;
·
If you connect
third-party devices and services to your Breville account or our Services, such
as when you choose to interface an appliance or our mobile application with the
Amazon Alexa device, your information will be shared with such third parties
per your direction and with your consent;
·
When you sign up
for and participate in the interactive areas of our Services, certain
information about you will be displayed publicly, such as your name, photos,
recipes, and any other information you choose to provide;
·
In response to a
request for information if we believe disclosure is in accordance with, or
required by, any applicable law, regulation or legal process, safeguarding our
legal rights or enforcing our terms of use;
·
If we believe your
actions are inconsistent with our user agreements or policies, or to protect
the rights, property and safety of Breville or others;
·
In connection
with, or during negotiations of, any merger, joint venture, sale of company
assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another
company, including in bankruptcy or similar proceedings;
·
To respond to
requests from public and government authorities, including public and
government authorities outside your country of residence, or
·
With your consent
or at your instruction.
We may also share
fully de-identified or aggregated information with third parties.
Social Sharing Features
Our Services offer social sharing features and other integrated tools
(such as the Facebook “Like” button). Your use of such features enables you to
share information with your friends or the public, depending on the settings
you establish with the entity that provides the social sharing feature. For
more information about the purpose and scope of data collection and processing
in connection with social sharing features, please visit the privacy policies
of the entities that provide these features. By connecting your customer
account and your social media account, you authorize us to share information
permitted by the settings you have established with your social media account
provider, and you understand that the social media’s use of the information we
share will be governed by its privacy policy.
Advertising and Analytics Services
Provided by Others
We allow others to serve advertisements
on our behalf across the Internet and to provide analytics services. These
entities use cookies, web beacons and other technologies to collect information
about your use of the Services and other websites, including your IP address,
web browser, pages viewed, time spent on pages, links clicked and conversion
information. This information is used by Breville and others to, among other
things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content,
deliver advertising and content targeted to your interests on our Services and
other websites, and better understand your online activity. For more
information about interest-based ads, or to opt out of having your web browsing
information used for behavioral advertising purposes, please visit
www.aboutads.info/choices
,.
We also work with
third-party social platforms, such as Facebook, to serve ads to you as part of
a customized campaign.
Your Choices
Account Information
You have the ability to access information we hold about you and to update,
correct or erase (to the extent allowed by applicable law)
your account information at any time by logging into your Breville
account. Alternatively, you may contact us at
privacy@breville.com
If
you are a California resident, please see “Your California Privacy Rights”
below.
De-linking Connected Appliances
Once your connected
appliance is paired with your Breville account, you can de-link it at any time
by disconnecting it via the settings on your mobile device. Note, however, that
certain appliances must be paired with a Breville account in order to have full
capabilities.
If your appliance has been
de-linked from an account, you will need to re-link it to enjoy its features
fully.
Location Information
When you first launch some of our mobile applications, access certain
features in those mobile applications, or visit one of the pages on our website
that collects location information, you may be asked to consent to the
collection of location information in order to enable certain features. If you
initially consent to our collection of location information, you can later stop
this collection by changing the settings on your device. If you do so, certain
features of our Services will no longer function.
Promotional Communications from
Breville
You may opt out of receiving promotional communications from us
(Breville USA Inc. or our parent company Breville Pty. Ltd.
(Australia)) at any time by following the
instructions in those communications. Even if you opt out, we may still send
you non-promotional communications, such as those about your account or our
ongoing business relations.
Mobile Push Notifications/Alerts
With your consent, we will send promotional and non-promotional push
notifications or alerts to your mobile device. You can elect to stop receiving
these messages at any time by changing the notification settings on your mobile
device.
Do Not Track
Do Not Track is a privacy preference that users can set in their web
browsers. When a user turns on the Do Not Track signal, the browser sends a
message to websites requesting them not to track the user. For information
about Do Not Track, visit www.allaboutdnt.org. At this time, Breville does not
respond to Do Not Track browser settings or signals. In addition, Breville may
use other technology that is standard to the Internet, such as pixel tags, web
beacons, and other similar technologies, to track visitors to
Breville’s
website. Those tools may be used by us and by
third parties to collect information about you and your internet activity, even
if you have turned on the Do Not Track signal.
Data Retention
We store the information we collect about you as necessary for the
purpose(s) for which we originally collected it, or for other legitimate
business purposes, including to meet our legal, regulatory, tax, bookkeeping or
other compliance obligations.
Additional Privacy Data Protection Notice for Users Individuals in the
EEA
If you are in the
European Economic Area (“EEA”), you have certain rights and protections under
the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) and applicable national data
protection law regarding the processing of your personal data. Please refer to
our EU Privacy Policy
https://www.sageappliances.com/uk/en/legal/privacy-policy.html
for detailed information applicable to our users and customers located
in the EU.
Use of
Services by Minors
Breville is committed to complying with all applicable laws and
regulations regarding the collection, storage and use of personal information
of individuals under the age of 16 years old (“Minors”).
Except as noted below: (
i
) our products and
services are marketed for and directed towards purchase by
or with the consent of adults; (ii)
Minors
are not permitted to use the Services without the supervision of a parent or
legal guardian; (iii) we do not knowingly collect or solicit personal
information from Minors or knowingly allow such persons to register for an
online account or to post personal information on the Services; and (iv) should
we be made aware that a Minor
has
provided any personal information to or on any of the Services, we will remove
that information as soon as possible.
If you are a parent or legal guardian who believes that your Minor has
submitted personal information or other information to us without your consent,
please contact us at
privacy@breville.com
. Once
we verify that you are the parent or legal guardian, at your request, we will
promptly provide you with information regarding what, if any, personal
information we have collected about your child and how it has been used or
shared. We will, at your request, remove personal information about your Minor from
the database and instruct our affiliates and third-party partners to do the
same.
If you are a Minor, you may request and obtain removal of certain
content or information posted on the Services by sending an email to
privacy@breville.com
with
“Privacy Rights for Minors” in the subject line. Please be advised that our
removal of your post(s) does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of
the content or information you have posted on the Services.
Your
California Privacy Rights
The California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) became effective on January
1
st
, 2020. Under the CCPA, residents in California have the right to
know what personal data is being collected about them and to delete the persona
data held by a business if certain grounds apply and if the business is legally
required to retain such personal information, whether the personal data is sold
and to which parties is the personal information is sold, and to prohibit the
sale of such persona data to any third parties.
In this section, we’ve provided some legally required disclosures under
the CCPA.  There shouldn’t be anything surprising in this section, and
we’ve tried to explain our privacy practices in plain English throughout this
Privacy Policy.
This section supplements
the information provided in this Privacy Policy and applies only to California
residents.
Personal
Information Categories We Collect:
For purposes of this California Privacy Rights section, “personal
information” means information that identifies, relates to, describes, is
reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked,
directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household.
Personal information does not include:
·
information that is lawfully made available from federal, state, or local
government records;
·
de-identified or aggregated information; and
·
information excluded from the scope of the California Consumer Privacy
Act of 2018 (“CCPA”), such as health or medical information covered under the
Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (“HIPAA”) and financial
information covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act (“FCRA”) or Gramm-Leach
Bliley Act (“GLBA”).
Under the California Consumer Privacy Act or CCPA, California residents
have certain rights regarding their data, including:
·
The right to know
the categories of personal information we’ve collected and the categories of
sources from which we got the information
·
The right to know
the business purposes for sharing personal information
·
The right to know
the categories of third parties with whom we’ve shared personal information
·
The right to
access the specific pieces of personal information we’ve collected
·
The right to
delete your personal information and
·
The right to opt
out of the sale of your personal information, to the extent any personal
information is sold.
California residents also have the
right to not be discriminated against if they choose to exercise these CCPA
privacy rights.
Below is a summary of the personal information
categories, as identified and defined by the CCPA, that we have collected in
the last twelve (12) months, the purposes for which we’ve used them, and the
third parties to which we’ve disclosed them.
In the table below, “service
providers” means
our third-party vendors,
consultants and other service providers who need access to such information to
carry out work on our behalf.
“Business
partners” means other parties we work with to help our business, such as with joint
research or development.
CHEFSTEPS CONSUMER PRIVACY POLICY DETAILS
Category
    and Sources of Information
How
    we use it
How
    we share it
Identifiers
We collect this information from our users,
  customers and business partners.  We also generate identifiers
  internally.
To
  enable use of our
Services, to
  communicate with you, to understand how our users interact with our
Services, to improve our offerings, and for
  our marketing and advertising purposes
We
  share this data with our service providers and with business partners,
  including those to whom you instruct us to send this information.
Personal
  information under
California Civil Code section 1798.80
We collect this information from our users,
  customers and business partners.
To
  enable use of our
Services,
to communicate with you, to understand how
  our users interact with our
Services,
  to improve our offerings, and for our marketing and advertising purposes
We
  share this data with our service providers and with business partners,
  including those to whom you instruct us to send this information.
Protected
  classifications
We collect
  this information from our users and customers
To
  understand how our
users
interact with our sites
We
  share this data with our service providers and business partners.
Commercial
  information
We collect this information from our customers,
  and generate it internally during transactions with our customers
To
  enable transactions you’ve requested, to understand how our users interact
  with our sites, products, or Services, and for our marketing and advertising
  purposes
We share this data with our service providers and
  business partners.
Electronic
  network activity information
We collect this information from our users and
  customers
To
  enable use of our
Services, an, to
  communicate with you, to understand how our users interact with our
Services, to improve our offerings, and for
  our marketing and advertising purposes
We
  share this data with our service providers and with business partners,
  including those to whom you instruct us to send this information.
Geolocation
  data
We collect
  this information from our users and customers
To
  enable use of our sites, services, and products, to understand how our users
  interact with our sites, and to improve our offerings
We
  share this data with our service providers.
Audio,
  electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information
We collect this information from our users and
  customers
To
  identify you, to enable use of our sites, services, and products, and for
  safety purposes
We
  share this data with our service providers.
Inferences
We
  generate this information internally based on the information categories
  identified above
To
  understand how our
users
interact with our sites, products,
  or Services; to improve our offerings, and for our marketing and advertising
  purposes
We
  share this data with our service providers.
How to Exercise Your California Privacy Rights:
To make such a
request, please write to us at the following address:
Breville
Legal
Department/ California Privacy Rights
19400 S Western Ave.
Torrance,
CA. 90501, USA
Or contact us at (866) 273-8455
Or email us at
privacy@breville.com
To verify
your identity, we may ask you to confirm personal information we already have
on file for you. If we cannot verify your identity from the information we have
on file, we may request additional information from you, which we will only use
to verify your identity and for security or fraud-prevention purposes.
You may
designate an authorized agent to submit a request on your behalf. Your authorized
agent may submit a request using the methods described above.
Breville reserves the right to deny a request
from an agent that does not submit proof that they have been authorized
directly by you to act on your behalf. If you are using an authorized agent to
exercise your rights, we may require that you:
Confirm
     your request directly with us; and
Verify
     your own identity.
Contact
Us
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please
contact us at
privacy@breville.com
or in writing by sending your written
request to:
Breville USA, Inc.
19400 S Western Ave.
Torrance, CA 90501, USA
Attn: Data Protection Officer
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.sageappliances.com/uk/en/legal/privacy-policy.html:
SAGE CONSUMER PRIVACY NOTICE
Collection of Information
Use of Information
Sharing of Information
Your Choices
Your Data Subject Requests
Contact Us
SAGE CONSUMER PRIVACY NOTICE
SAGE CONSUMER PRIVACY NOTICE
Collection of Information
Use of Information
Sharing of Information
Your Choices
Your Data Subject Requests
Contact Us
SAGE CONSUMER PRIVACY NOTICE
Effective July 2023
This Privacy Notice explains how information about you is collected, used and disclosed by BRG Appliances Limited and our various affiliates and brands including  Baratza, beanz, ChefSteps, ControlFreak, FoodThinker, Lelit, Sage Commercial and others; (collectively “Sage,” “we,” “our” or “us”) when you access or use our website and mobile applications, our connected appliances, and our other products and services (collectively, the “Services”), or when you otherwise interact with us.
We may change this Privacy Notice from time to time. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of the notice and, in some cases, we may provide you with additional notice such as adding a statement to our homepage or sending you a notification through our Services. We encourage you to review the Privacy Notice whenever you access our Services or otherwise interact with us to stay informed about our information practices and the choices available to you.
Collection of Information
Information You Provide to Us.
We collect information that you provide directly to us. For example, we collect information when you create an account, make a purchase, enroll in our classes, participate in the interactive areas of our Services, communicate with us via third-party social media sites, participate in our contests, marketing campaigns, sweepstakes and surveys, request customer support, or otherwise communicate with us. The types of information we collect may include:
First and last name
Your postal address(es) for billing and shipping
Your telephone number
Your email address
Purchase information, including lifestyle and food preferences, and grocery lists
Transaction information
Personal details (e.g., date of birth, gender)
Your IP address
Photographs, social media usernames and account ID’s
Feedback and reviews of Sage’s products and other information you chose to provide
Whether or not to provide such information is your choice but if you choose not to provide the information we request, you may be unable to purchase products, use our mobile applications or other services, or access certain services, offers and content on our web sites. Also, we may need to contact you via phone, email or mail to address transactional questions or issues such as those specific to your order, even if you have opted to not receive marketing communications from us. In general, you can visit many of our web pages without telling us who you are or revealing any contact information about yourself.
When you make a purchase or a return, we collect information about the transaction, such as the class or product details, the transaction amount and the date of the purchase/return.
Note that we do not store or share payment card information, such as credit card numbers. Financial transactions are processed through a variety of third-party processors. The applicable financial processor depends on the type of transaction.  To identify a particular processor, please contact us at
privacy@sageappliances.com
.
Information We Collect Automatically.
When you access or use our Services or connect your Sage appliance to our Services, we automatically collect information about you and associate it with information that you provide directly to us. For example, we may collect:
Website Log Information
: We log information about your use of our website, such as your computer’s operating system, the type of browser you use, access times, pages viewed, your IP address and the web page that referred you to our site.
Using pixel tags and other similar technologies
: We also use pixel tags (also known as web beacons and clear GIFs) – tiny graphic images – to tell us what parts of our website you have visited or to measure the effectiveness of any searches you may do on our website. Pixel tags also enable us to send your email in a format you can read and let us know when you have opened an email message from us. Some of our third-party vendors may also use cookies or other online tools including pixel tags on our website. Pixels and cookies may also collect and use the geographical location of your computer or mobile device. This location data is collected for the purpose of providing you with information regarding services which we believe may be of interest to you based on your geographic location, and to improve our location-based products and services.
We may contract with third-party advertising companies to serve ads on our behalf across the internet. To do this, they will collect information about your visits to our website and your interaction with our products and services. They may also use information about your visits to this and other websites to target advertisements. These targeted advertisements may appear on other sites that you visit. This information is collected using a cookie or pixel tag – industry standard technology used by most websites.  For more information, see the Advertising and Analytics Services Provided by Others section below
Information Collected related to Your Use of Sage connected appliances
. When you first pair your connected appliance to our mobile application, it will automatically link to your Sage account. For information about de-linking your appliance from your Sage account, please see “Your Choices” below. When you connect your appliance to a Wi-Fi network, we collect information about:
the model itself and the network (such as name and connection strength),
your use of the appliance, such as what you are cooking and how you cook, as well as your cooking and recipe preferences,
data from the appliance’s sensors and components,
technical and usage information.
Please see “Use of Information” below to understand how we use this data.
Device Information:
When you access or use our mobile sites or apps or connect your Sage connected appliance to our services, we collect information about the mobile phone, tablet or other device you are using, including the hardware model, operating system and version, device identifiers, mobile network information and information about your use of our Services.
Location Information:
With your consent, we collect information about your location when you access or use one of our mobile applications or connect your Sage connected appliance to our services. For more details about the collection of location information and the choices you have, please see “Your Choices” below.
By linking information:
We may combine personal information with information about your online and in-store transactions and other interactions with us, including your purchases. We may also combine your personal information with information we receive from other sources, such as joint marketing partners, public databases, publicly available pages on social media platforms and other third parties. We use this information for market research purposes and to improve the quality of the Services we offer.
Your Social Sharing:
If you choose to engage in social sharing, such as by connecting your social media account to your customer account or by logging into your customer account from your social media account, the social media site may share information with us about your use of their services, including profile information, information about your contacts and content you have viewed or liked. Please refer to the social media site’s privacy settings to control how your information is shared. If you submit any personal information relating to other people to us or to our service providers, you represent that you have the authority to do so and to permit us to use the information in accordance with this Privacy Notice.
Information Collected by Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies:
We and our service providers use various tracking technologies, including cookies and web beacons, to collect information about you when you interact with our Services or emails, including information about your browsing and purchasing behavior. Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive or in device memory that help us improve our website and your experience, see which areas and features of our website are popular, and count visits. Web beacons are electronic images that we use on our website and in our emails that help us deliver cookies, count visits and understand usage and campaign effectiveness. For more information about cookies, and how to disable them, please see our
Cookie Notice
and visit
www.aboutcookies.org
.
Information we receive from other sources:
Sage may receive additional data (e.g., demographic or statistical information) from third parties. This includes business partners, marketing agencies, research or analytics companies, and other third parties that we may assign to you based on your association with certain statistical groups. We use this information in addition to the data we have collected directly about you to derive possible interests, provide you with more relevant Sage brand experiences, and improve Sage products, analytics, and advertising.
Use of Information
We use your information as necessary to provide  for various purposes related to the Services , including to:
Provide and deliver the Services you request, manage your accounts, process transactions (such as shipping products and out-of-stock notices), administer warranties, facilitate repairs, and send you related information, including confirmations and receipts, which may also contain information about other Sage offerings;
Send you technical Policies, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;
Respond to your comments, questions and requests, and provide customer service;
Facilitate contests, sweepstakes and promotions, and process and deliver entries and rewards;
Enforce our Terms of Use and Sale or other legal rights;
Detect, investigate and prevent fraudulent transactions and other illegal activities, and protect the rights, property and safety of Sage, its affiliates, you and others;
Likewise, we may use your personal information to allow and facilitate providing you with better care:
Maintain, protect and improve our Services
Communicate with you about products, services, classes, recipes, offers, promotions, events and other news and information we think will be of interest to you (for information about opting out of these communications, see “Your Choices” below);
Monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities in connection with our Services;
Personalize and improve our Services and provide tailored advertisements, content or features to you;
To upload and post your feedbacks and reviews (including your photos and social media usernames);
Further our business purposes and those of our third party service providers, such as, without limitation, troubleshooting, data analysis, audits, security, fraud monitoring and prevention; developing new products, enhancing, improving or modifying products or services; identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of promotions; collaborating with our partners; responding to customer service inquiries; and operating and expanding current or future business activities;
Link or combine with information we collect via other sources in accordance with applicable law to help understand your needs and provide you with better service.
Sharing of Information
We may share information on legal basis about you as follows or as otherwise described in this Privacy Notice including, but not limited to, the following circumstances:
With Sage affiliates, which are companies controlled by or under common control with Sage including its parent company, Breville Pty. Ltd in Australia;
With our third-party vendors, consultants and other service providers who need access to such information to carry out work on our behalf, for instance to ship products to you  (e.g. DHL), process and administer your payments (e.g. Klarna), sweepstakes/contests (e.g. Stellar), or trouble shooting as well as website hosting,  data analysis (e.g. Google), order fulfillment and customer service (e.g. Salesforce), Live Chat or Live Product demonstrations (e.g. Stellar or Concentrix), customer/prescription reviews (e.g. Bazaarvoice), online-meetings (e.g. Teams or Zoom), email delivery and other services;
When you purchase third-party products through us, we share information with the suppliers of such products in order to fulfill your order;
If you connect third-party devices and services to your Sage account or our Services, such as when you choose to interface an appliance or our mobile application with other devices (e.g. with the Amazon Alexa device), your information will be shared with such third parties per your direction and with your consent;
When you sign up for and participate in the interactive areas of our Services, certain information about you will be displayed publicly, such as your name, photos, recipes, and any other information you choose to provide;
In response to a request for information if we believe disclosure is in accordance with, or required by, any applicable law, regulation or legal process, safeguarding our legal rights or enforcing our terms of use;
If we believe your actions are inconsistent with our user agreements or policies, or to protect the rights, property and safety of Sage or others;
In connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, joint venture, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another company, including in bankruptcy or similar proceedings;
To respond to requests from public and government authorities, including public and government authorities outside your country of residence, or
With your consent or at your instruction.
Anonymized Information
We may share anonymized information that is summarized or derived from information you provide to us. Anonymous information is information that does not include any personally identifiable information.
Social Sharing Features
Our services use plug-ins of social networks ("plugins"). If you use a service that includes plug-ins, information can be transferred directly from your device to the social network provider. We have no influence on the data collected by the plugin. If you are logged in to the social network, a connection can be established between your user account and the use of our service. If you interact with the plugins, for example by clicking on "Like", "Follow" or "Share" or by writing a comment, this information may automatically appear in your profile on the social network. Even if you are not logged in, the plugins may still send your IP address to social networking providers.
When you connect to a social network service on a device that is also used by other people, these other users may be able to see information that is stored or displayed in connection with your profile on the Social Network Service page.
For more information about the social networking providers whose plugins are used in our services ("providers"), see below:
Facebook
Controller: Facebook Ireland Limited, Hanover Reach, 5-7 Hanover Quay, 2 Dublin, Ireland ("Facebook"). For more information, see Facebook's data usage guidelines at
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
YouTube
Controller: YouTube, LLC, 901 Cherry Ave., San Bruno, CA 94066, USA ("YouTube"). For more information see YouTube's privacy guidelines at
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Instagram
Controller: Instagram LLC., 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, CA 94025, USA (“Instagram“). For more information see Instagram's privacy policies at
https://help.instagram.com/155833707900388
Pinterest
Controller: Pinterest Inc. at 651 Brannan Street, San Francisco, CA 94107, USA. For more information see Pinterest's privacy guidelines at
https://policy.pinterest.com/en-gb/privacy-policy
Advertising and Analytics Services Provided by Others
We allow others to serve advertisements on our behalf across the Internet and to provide analytics services. These entities use cookies, web beacons and other technologies to collect information about your use of the Services and other websites, including your IP address, web browser, pages viewed, time spent on pages, links clicked and conversion information. This information is used by Sage and our third-party marketing, advertising and analytics vendors on Sage’s behalf to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, deliver advertising and content targeted to your interests on our Services and other websites, and better understand your online activity. For more information about interest-based ads, or to opt out of having your web browsing information used for behavioral advertising purposes, please visit
https://optout.aboutads.info/
.
We also work with third-party social platforms, such as Facebook, to serve ads to you as part of a customized campaign.
Transaction Information
When you make a purchase or a return, we collect information about the transaction, such as the class or product details, the transaction amount and the date of the purchase/return. Note that we do not store payment card information, such as complete credit card or debit card account numbers. Financial transactions are processed through a variety of third party transaction partners, as for example Klarna or Paypal. The applicable financial partner depends on the type of transaction and the identification of that financial partner can be requested by contacting Sage by emailing us at
privacy@sageappliances.com
Your Choices
Account Information
You have the ability to access information we hold about you and to update, correct or erase (the extent allowed
by applicable law) your account information at any time by logging into your Sage account. Alternatively, you may complete and submit a
Data Subject Request Form
. If you are a EEA resident, please see “Your Data Subject Rights” below.
De-linking Connected Appliances
Once your connected appliance is paired with your Sage account, you can de-link it at any time by disconnecting it via the settings on your mobile device. Note, however, that certain appliances must be paired with a Sage account in order to have full capabilities.  If your appliance has been de-linked from an account, you will need to re-link it to enjoy its features fully.
Location Information
When you first launch some of our mobile applications, access certain features in those mobile applications, or visit one of the pages on our website that collects location information, you may be asked to consent to the collection of location information in order to enable certain features. If you initially consent to our collection of location information, you can later stop this collection by changing the settings on your device. If you do so, certain features of our Services will no longer function.
Promotional Communications from Sage
You may opt out of receiving promotional communications from Sage at any time by following the instructions in those communications. Even if you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional communications, such as those about your account or our ongoing business relations.
Mobile Push Notifications/Alerts
With your consent, we will send promotional and non-promotional push notifications or alerts to your mobile device. You can elect to stop receiving these messages at any time by changing the notification settings on your mobile device.
Do Not Track
Do Not Track is a privacy preference that users can set in their web browsers. When a user turns on the Do Not Track signal, the browser sends a message to websites requesting them not to track the user. For information about Do Not Track, visit
https://allaboutdnt.com/
. At this time, Sage does not respond to Do Not Track browser settings or signals. In addition, Sage may use other technology that is standard to the Internet, such as pixel tags, web beacons, and other similar technologies, to track visitors to Sage’s website. Those tools may be used by us and by third parties to collect information about you and your internet activity, even if you have turned on the Do Not Track signal.
Data Retention
We store the information we collect about you as necessary for the purpose(s) for which we originally collected it, or for other legitimate business purposes, including to meet our legal, regulatory, tax, bookkeeping or other compliance obligations.
Security
We seek to use reasonable organizational, technical, and administrative measures to protect information within our organization. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the internet or storage system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. If you have reason to believe the security of your account has been compromised, please immediately notify us in accordance with the “Contact Us” section below.
Use Of Services By Minors
Sage is committed to complying with all applicable laws and regulations regarding the collection, storage and use of personal information of Minors under the age of 16 and if you are located in Austria under 14 or in UK, Ireland or Spain under 13.
Except as noted below: (i) our products and services are marketed for and directed towards purchase by adults or with the consent of adults; (ii) Individuals under the age of 18 ("Minors") are not permitted to use Sage Websites or Apps without the supervision of a parent or legal guardian; (iii) we do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from children under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register for an online account or to post personal information on the Sage Websites; and (iv) should we learn that someone under the age of 13 has provided any personal information to or on any of the Sage  Websites, we will remove that information as soon as possible.
If you are a parent or guardian who believes that your Minor under the age of 13 has submitted personal information or other information to us without your consent, please contact
privacy@sageappliances.com
. Once we verify that you are the parent or legal guardian, at your request, we will promptly provide to you information regarding what, if any, personal information we have collected about your child and how it has been used or shared. We will, at your request, remove personal information about your child from its database and instruct our affiliates and third party partners to do the same.
If you are a Minor under the age of 18, you may request and obtain removal of certain content or information posted on Sage Websites and Apps by sending an email to
privacy@sageappliances.com
with “Privacy Rights for Minors” in the subject line. Please be advised that our removal of your post(s) does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information you have posted on Sage Websites or Apps.
Cross-Border Transfer
If we process data from EEA or UK in a third country (i.e., outside the European Economic Area (EEA)) where we have facilities or the processing takes place in the context of using third-party services or disclosing or transferring data to other persons, entities or companies, this will only be done in accordance with legal requirements.
Personal Information you submit on the Websites or through the Services may be sent to the United States and processed by us there or in other countries, on our service providers’ cloud servers. We will always protect your information in accordance with this Privacy Notice wherever it is processed.
Subject to your express consent or to contractually or legally required transfer, we process or allow the processing of data only in third countries with a recognized level of data protection, contractual obligation by so-called standard protection clauses of the EU Commission, in the presence of certifications or binding internal data protection regulations (Art. 44 to 49 DSGVO, information page of the EU Commission:
https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/international-dimension-data-protection_de
).
Additional Privacy Data Protection Policy for Users Individuals in California
If you reside in California you have certain rights and protections under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) as amended from time to time. Please refer to our US Privacy Policy
https://www.breville.com/us/en/home/index.html
for detailed information applicable to our users and customers located in the US.
Your Data Subject Requests
You have the right to access personal data we hold about you and to ask that it be corrected, erased (to the extent allowed by applicable law), or transferred. You may also object to or request that we restrict certain processing. If our processing of your personal data is based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent for future processing at any time. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, you can log into your account and edit certain account information or you may complete and submit a
Data Subject Request form
.
The UK GDPR requires that personal data from the EU/EEA must be especially protected. In addition, all EU-based individuals, irrespective of their nationality (“data subjects”) have certain individual rights under the UK GDPR, such as:
1.
The right to be informed
about the collection and use of their personal data.
2.
The right of access
to find out that is stored about them.
3.
The right to rectification
of their personal data if it is inaccurate or incomplete.
4.
The right to erasure
to enable an individual to request the deletion or removal of personal data where there is no compelling reason for its continued processing.
5.
The right to restrict processing
to ‘block’ or suppress processing of personal data.
6.
The right to data portability
allowing individuals to obtain and reuse their personal data for their own purposes across different services.
7.
The right to object
to the processing based on legitimate interests or the performance of a task in the public interest/exercise of official authority (including profiling), direct marketing and/or for purposes of scientific/historical research and statistics.
8. Various rights in relation to
automated decision making
(making a decision solely by automated means without any human involvement) and
profiling
(automated processing of personal data to evaluate certain things about an individual).
If you would like to exercise any of these rights, you can log into your account and edit certain account information or contact us as described below.
Disclosures under Art. 13 and 14 UK GDPR
(a) The identity and the contact details of the controller(s)
BRG Appliance Limited 3rd Floor, 86 - 90 Paul Street, London, EC2A 4NE, United Kingdom Telephone: +44 (0) 203 764 170
(b) Contact details of the data protection officer
Data Protection Officer email:
privacy@
sageappliances.com; DPO at BRG Appliances Limited, 3rd Floor, 86 - 90 Paul Street, London, EC2A 4NE, United Kingdom
(c) Purposes of the processing of the personal data
To provide service with respect to your connected appliance, to respond to your requests, to market Sage’s products and services, to fulfill and process your requests for payment, for developing new products, to notify you of changes to service, fraud prevention, postings etc. See section “Use of Information” in the posted Privacy Policy.
(d) The recipients or categories of recipients of the personal data
Employees of Sage who respond to inquiries as well as external service providers who need to know the data for purposes of providing the products and services you have requested.
(e) Storage Limitations
The personal data will be stored by Sage for a period necessary for the purposes listed under (c) above,  unless applicable law mandates a longer storage (e.g. 8 years for tax records in the UK), up to a potential maximum of 10 years subject to relevant exceptions.
(f) Withdrawal of Consent
The data subject has right to withdraw his/her consent at any time, without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before the withdrawal, by sending an email to the Data Protection Officer listed under (b).
(g) Legal Basis for processing
The data subject provides his/her personal data to Sage (such as name and contact information) so that Sage can provide requested services, process the payment or respond to the inquiry (Art. 6 (1) (b) UK GDPR.  In all other cases, the processing is necessary for the purposes of legitimate interests pursued by Sage, as balanced against the interests and fundamental rights and freedoms of the EU customer which require protection of personal data (Art. 6 (1) (f) UK GDPR). A legitimate interest is, in particular, the continued need of Sage to serve the EU customers of Sage with products and services.
Your Questions Or Complaints
If you have a concern about our processing of personal data that we are not able to resolve, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the data privacy authority where you reside. If you have any concerns about our use of your personal information, you can make a complaint to us at
privacy@sageappliances.com
.
You can also complain to the ICO if you are unhappy with how we have used your data.
The ICO’s address:
Information Commissioner’s Office
Wycliffe House
Water Lane
Wilmslow
Cheshire
SK9 5AF
Helpline number: 0303 123 1113
Contact Us
This notice may be revised from time to time. Please revisit it regularly to stay informed about our use of cookies. If you have any questions or comments regarding this notice, you can email us
privacy@sageappliances.com
or write to us at the following address:
BRG Appliance Limited
3rd Floor, 86 - 90 Paul Street, London, EC2A 4NE, United Kingdom
Attn: Data Protection Officer/ Legal Department
Because email communications are not always secure, please do not include credit card or other sensitive information in your emails to us.
About Cookies On This Site
Sage and it´s third party partners use cookies for different purposes, including enabling website functionality, personalising content and ads, analysing out traffic and enabling social media functionality. You may adjust which cookies you allow us to place or withdraw your consent at any time by clicking on the "Manage Privacy Preferences" button in the left bottom corner.
View Cookie Policy
.
Cookies Settings
Reject All
Accept All Cookies
Information We Collect
We want to be transparent about the data we and our partners collect and how we use it, so you can best exercise control over your personal data. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.
We use the following partners to better improve your overall web browsing experience. They use cookies and other mechanisms to connect you with your social networks and tailor advertising to better match your interests. You can elect to opt-out of this information collection by unticking the boxes below.
More information
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Social Media Cookies
These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label