SECURITY AND PRIVACY
Lenskart Solutions Private Limited (hereinafter referred to as ‘Company’), knows that You (a visitor or a
        registered user) care how information about You is used and shared, and we appreciate Your trust that we will do
        so carefully and sensibly. We let You retain as much control as possible over Your personal information.
        However, You may not visit and use our site at any time without telling us who You are or revealing the required
        information about Yourself. To the Company, our most important asset is our relationship with You. We are
        committed to maintaining the confidentiality, integrity and security of any personal information about our users
        of our site. We are proud of our privacy practices and the strength of our site security and want you to know
        how we protect Your information and use it to provide to You the services. This notice describes our privacy
        policy.
By visiting this Website and by agreeing to this Privacy Policy or by registering at our stores you agree and
        consent to our collection, use, processing, disclosure and transfer of your personal data according to the
        provisions of this Privacy Policy and applicable laws.
Information You Give Us
:When permitted by law or with your consent, we may collect personal
                information about you when you visit our stores, enter on and use our website or mobile app, and
                otherwise interact with us. Personal information means and includes name, email, website user account
                log in ID and password, mobile and landline phone numbers, gender, date of birth, address, gift message
                and eye prescription, but excludes any Credit Card, Debit Card or Net-Banking Details, all of which are
                stored on the Company’s secure servers and/or in cookies on your computer. You can choose not to provide
                certain information, but then You might not be able to take advantage of many of our features.
                You can review, add or update certain information by writing to us at
dataprotectionofficer@lenskart.com.
When You update information, we usually keep a copy of the prior version for our records.
Photos, Scans, and Images:
When you use our “3D Try On” services and submit your consent (or grant us permission to take), photo,
            facial scan, or other image of you. We don’t share those photos, scans, or images, or any facial data
            captured in the facial scans, with any third parties. We may use them for purposes as described below:
to measure your pupillary distance and face width, and to gather other optical information
to map and measure your facial features
to address certain problems or concerns you may have with your glasses
to help better understand how our frames fit our customers and provide frame recommendations
to provide, personalize, and improve our products and our Service We store the pupillary distance
                    and face width measurements of the users submitted through the iPhone X TrueDepth camera.
Use of your Information
:We use the information that You provide for
Fulfilling order- We use your data to accept, process deliver products and services, conclude
                        transaction and to communicate with you on such orders.
Personalization- We use your data to provide you with customized recommendations of products and
                        services, improve your user experience.
Communicate with you- We use your data to respond to communications, reach out to you about
                        your transaction or account, share promotional offers which you have signed up for and market
                        our products, provide other relevant information or request information or feedback. We may also
                        use your data to send notices such as communicate changes in our terms and condition and
                        policies
Compliance with Law- We use your data to comply with applicable laws.
Automatic Information
: We receive and store certain types of information whenever You interact
                with us including operating system version, hardware models, unique device identifiers, advertising
                identifiers, serial numbers, mobile network information and installed applications. Our server logs Your
                activities for various diagnostic and analytical purposes. However, other than the IP address of Your
                machine from where You are accessing the Service, there are no other personal information maintained by
                the Company in the log.
Retention of Information
: We will retain your personal data for as long as it is necessary to
                provide our services or as long as required by law. Any photo, facial data or other image that you may
                share with us, we retain for a period of 5 years from the date of your last use of our website or as
                long as we continue to provide the services to you or as required by law.
Lawful Basis of Processing: We will only process your personal data as permitted by applicable law. We
                will process your personal information one or more of the following lawful basis:
to perform our responsibilities under our contract with you (to provide the product or service
                        you purchased from the Company)
when we have a legitimate uses in processing your personal data
when we have your consent to collect, us and process your data
to comply with our legal obligations.
any other lawful basis under law.
Your Rights: Under law, you are entitled to the following rights, subject to applicable exceptions:
Right to access information about personal data- You can access summary of your personal data.
Right to correction and erasure of personal data- You can request us to delete or erase your
                        personal data that you have shared with us and to correct and rectify any inaccurate personal
                        data that you have shared.
Right to grievance redressal- You have right to have means available for redressal of your
                        grievances. in relation to your personal data and exercise of your rights.
Right to nominate- You have the right to nominate any individual, who in event of your death
                        or incapacity shall exercise the rights available to you under the Act.
Right to withdraw consent- To the extent we are processing your personal information based on
                        consent, you have the right to withdraw consent at any time, except as otherwise provided by
                        law.
Your Duties: Under law, you have, amongst other things, duty to:
Not to impersonate another person while providing your personal data.
Ensure not to register a false or frivolous grievance or complaint with the us or the Board;
Ensure not to suppress any material information while providing your personal data for any
                        documents issued by Government or any of its authorities
Furnish only such information as is verifiably authentic.
E-mail Communications
: To help us make e-mails more useful and interesting, we may request to
                receive a confirmation when You open e-mail from Your end if Your computer supports such capabilities.
Sharing of Information Received by the Company
: For the purposes of providing you with our
                services, we may share your information with third parties such as affiliates of the company, service
                providers etc. When we disclose your personal data to such third parties. we make appropriate
                arrangements as required under applicable law to restrict further disclosure. When we transfer your
                personal data to such third parties, we enter into appropriate contractual arrangements to ensure that
                they maintain similar levels of data protection as we would. You may be notified when another business
                is involved along with us in processing Your transactions, and we share, use or, disclose customer
                information related to processing of those transactions with that business as needed to fulfil your
                order. Your personal data may be transferred, stored and processed outside India. By using our services,
                you consent to such storage and processing.
                In connection with the lead generation services we provide, you may be redirected to third-party
                platforms to complete your purchase. Your use of such third-party platforms or any transactions with
                third parties will be governed by the terms of use of those platforms or your contract with the third
                parties. By using our services, you agree that the Company may share your information, such as your
                name, phone number, prescription details, and addresses, with the third parties to whom you are
                directed, as necessary to fulfil your order and provide you with the required services.
Business Transfers
: As we continue to develop our business, we might be acquired completely or
                merge with any other company. In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the
                transferred business assets. In such a case, we will ensure the protection of Your information as per
                these policies and guidelines. You hereby specifically consent and grant permission to the disclosure,
                and transferring, of information to such third parties.
Protection of the Company and Others
: We release account and other personal information when
                we believe release is appropriate to comply with law; to enforce or apply our Terms and Conditions and
                other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of Company, our users, or others. This
                includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and other
                similar matters. You hereby specifically consent and grant permission to disclosure and transferring of
                information to such third parties, as maybe required.
SECURITY OF INFORMATION
We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL)
        software during the part where you enter your credit card or net banking details, which encrypts information You
        input. We constantly re-evaluate our privacy and security policies and adapt them as necessary to deal with new
        challenges. We do not and will not sell or rent Your personal information to anyone, for any reason, at any
        time, unless it is in (i) in response to a valid legal request by a law enforcement officer or government agency
        or (ii) where You have given Your consent, or (iii) utilize the same for some statistical or other
        representation without disclosing personal data. The information collected from You will be stored on the
        Company’s secured server and systems. The Company maintains secure and reasonable security practices and
        procedures which are proprietary and unique to the Company
(“Security Practice”)
. Such Security Practice
        involves measures such as but not limited to password protection, limitation of access to specified personnel on
        a need to know basis, and security measures including encryption if required and other physical security
        measures to guard against unauthorized access to the server and systems and information residing on such server
        and systems. The Company’s Security Practice protects against unauthorized access to, or unauthorized
        alteration, disclosure or destruction of the information. The Company’s Security Practice contains managerial,
        technical, operational and physical security control measures which are commensurate with the information assets
        being protected and with the nature of business. You acknowledge and agree that the Security Practice and
        procedures as mentioned above are reasonable and are designed to protect the information provided by You. We
        only reveal those numbers of Your account as required to enable us to access and provide You the required
        services relating to Your accounts. We make every effort to allow You to retain the anonymity of Your personal
        identity and You are free to choose a Login ID email address and password that keeps Your personal identity
        anonymous. Access to Your Registration Information and Your personal financial data is strictly restricted to
        those of our Company employees and contractors, strictly on a need to know basis, in order to operate, develop
        or improve the Service. These employees or contractors may be subject to discipline, including termination and
        criminal prosecution, if they fail to meet these obligations. With the exception of a Login ID in the form of an
        email address, which may be provided on an anonymous basis, and Your Third Party Account Information, which is
        required for providing the services, the Company does not require any information from You that might constitute
        personally identifiable information. It is important for You to protect against unauthorized access to Your
        password and to Your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer. As described in this
        Agreement and with Your consent, the Company will from time to time connect electronically to Your online bank,
        credit card and other online financial accounts to process Your Order. Company will also use other third parties
        like courier companies to deliver products that you order on our website, to your delivery address.
CONDITIONS OF USE, NOTICES, AND REVISIONS
Please do read the detailed terms and conditions of the Company’s Website situated
        at
https://www.lenskart.com/terms-conditions.
If You choose to visit this Website, Your visit and any
        dispute over privacy is subject to this Agreement, including limitations on damages, arbitration of disputes,
        and application of the law of the Republic of India. If You have any concern about privacy at this Website,
        please send us a thorough description to
dataprotectionofficer@lenskart.com
.and we will try to resolve it. Our business
        changes constantly. This Notice and the Terms and Conditions of Website Use may also change, and use of
        information that we gather now is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time of use. We may e-mail
        periodic reminders of our notices and conditions, unless You have instructed us not to, but You should check our
        Website frequently to see recent changes.
CHILDREN AND PERSONS WITH DISABILITY
We understand the importance of safeguarding the personal data of children (individual under the age of 18) and
        persons with disability who have lawful guardian. If you are under the age of 18 year or suffering from
        disability and have a lawful guardian, you may use our services only with the direct involvement of a parent or
        guardian. Parents or lawful guardian of such child or person with disability must provide us with verifiable
        parental/guardian consent. We do not knowingly collect personal information of children.
GRIEVANCE OFFICER
The Company would be glad to provide assistance to You in case You have any queries, grievances or have any
        issues pertaining to this Security and Privacy policy. Kindly contact the Data Protection Officer at
dataprotectionofficer@lenskart.com.
You may give, manage, review or withdraw your consent and also exercise your other privacy rights by emailing
        the Data Protection Officer.
COOKIE POLICY
A cookie is a small text file that we place on your mobile device to enable various features of Lenskart.com.
        "Cookies" are used to store user preferences and to track user trends, so as to enhance Your interactive
        experience and generally improve our services to You. You can change Your cookie settings to accept or not
        accept cookies in Your browser settings. If You do accept a "cookie", You thereby agree to our use of any
        personal information collected by us using that cookie. If You do accept a "cookie", You thereby agree to our
        use of any personal information collected by us using that cookie. Whenever we use a third party to host and
        serve content, we may arrange for a common identifier to be shared between the third party and us in order to
        enable accurate measurement of traffic and usage. This includes but is not limited to the use of AMP Client IDs
        in Google Analytics for Accelerated Mobile Pages served by Google on our behalf.
COMPLAINTS TO BOARD
If you have raised any grievance or request, which we are not able to resolve, we encourage you to contact us
        first. Upon our failure to redress at grievance or request as required under law, you also have the right to
        lodge a complaint with the Data Protection Board of India.
NDNC POLICY
By using the website and/or registering yourself at Lenskart.com, and/or by providing your number when
        registering or buying our products and services at our stores, you authorize us to contact you via email or
        phone call or sms and offer you our services, imparting product knowledge, offer promotional offers running on
        website & offers offered by the associated third parties, for which reasons, personally identifiable information
        may be collected. And Irrespective of the fact if also you have registered yourself under DND or DNC or NCPR
        service, you still authorize us to give you a call from Lenskart for the above mentioned purposes till 365 days
        of your registration with us. This Privacy Policy covers Lenskart’s treatment of personally identifiable
        information that Lenskart collects when you are on the Lenskart site, and when you use Lenskart’s services. This
        policy also covers Lenskart’s treatment of any personally identifiable information that Lenskart’s business
        partners share with Lenskart. This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Lenskart does not
        own or control or to people that Lenskart does not employ or manage. Lenskart collects personally identifiable
        information when you register for a Lenskart account, when you use certain Lenskart products or services, when
        you visit Lenskart pages, and when you enter promotions. Lenskart may also receive personally identifiable
        information from our business partners. When you register with Lenskart, we ask for your first name, last name,
        contact no, email, Date of birth and gender. Once you register with Lenskart and sign in to our services, you
        are not anonymous to us. Also during registration, you may be requested to register your mobile phone and email
        id, pager, or other device to receive text messages, notifications, and other services to your wireless device.
        By registration you authorize us to send sms/email alerts to you for your login details and any other service
        requirements or some advertising messages/emails from us.