https://www.mythicowl.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Overview
This Privacy Policy describes the information collected by MythicOwl Sp. z o.o. (‘MythicOwl’, ‘we’, ‘us’ or ‘our’) through our mobile applications and websites (‘applications’) and how we use that information.
Information
that we collect
We collect limited information from our applications and the information that we get from other services such as Google Analytics, AppAnnie, Google Play, iOS Analytics and others. This information includes device information such as hardware model and operating system version and application identifiers. On the websites we may log information using ‘cookies’ which are small files stored on your hard drive. Cookies help us improve our websites and applications.
We comply with the Children’s
Online Privacy Protection Act
Our applications comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (‘COPPA’). We don’t knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 in violation of COPPA, and if in the event that a user identifies himself or herself as a child under the age of 13 through a support request, we will not collect, store or use, and will delete in a secure manner, any personal information of such user.
Third
party links
We may occasionally include or offer third party products or services in our applications. The third party applications and websites have their own privacy policies and we have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites and applications.
How we use information
that we collect
We use the information that we collect from all of our applications and websites to improve our products and make them better for you. We may share aggregated, non-personally identifiable with our partners such as marketing agencies and advisors. Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We will post any Privacy Policy changes on this page.
Survey Serving Technology
Some of our apps use Pollfish SDK
Pollfish is an on-line survey platform, through which, anyone may conduct surveys. Pollfish collaborates with Developers of applications for smartphones in order to have access to users of such applications and address survey questionnaires to them. When a user connects to this app, a specific set of user’s device data (including Advertising ID which will may be processed by Pollfish only in strict compliance with google play policies- and/or other device data) and response meta-data is automatically sent to Pollfish servers, in order for Pollfish to discern whether the user is eligible for a survey. For a full list of data received by Pollfish through this app, please read carefully Pollfish respondent terms located at https://www.pollfish.com/terms/respondent. These data will be associated with your answers to the questionnaires whenever Pollfish sents such questionnaires to eligible users. By downloading the application you accept this privacy policy document and you hereby give your consent for the processing by Pollfish of the aforementioned data. Furthermore, you are informed that you may disable Pollfish operation at any time by using the Pollfish “opt out section” available on Pollfish website . We once more invite you to check the respondent’s terms of use, if you wish to have more detailed view of the way Pollfish works.
APPLE, GOOGLE AND AMAZON ARE NOT A SPONSOR NOR ARE INVOLVED IN ANY WAY IN THIS CONTEST/DRAW. NO APPLE PRODUCTS ARE BEING USED AS PRIZES.
If you have any questions, please contact us by e-mail at
contact@mythicowl.com
We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.
You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in
settings
.
Accept
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
Enable or Disable Cookies
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.