Privacy Policy
SOUNDPRINT PRIVACY POLICY
Effective Date: May 2nd, 2018
Last Modified: March 3, 2021
Your privacy is important to us. This privacy policy (hereinafter, “Privacy Policy”) describes how we collect and use personal data that we receive about you, as well as your rights in relation to the collection of your personal data when you use the SoundPrint mobile application and website (hereinafter collectively, “SoundPrint”). The SoundPrint Service allows you to measure sound level data using the Service’s sound level meter and submit that data in conjunction with other identifying information about the measurement, such as (but not limited to) the Venue associated with the measurement, the location and time, User comments, and User recommendations.
SoundPrint is operated by SoundPrint LLC. Your personal data is also collected by SoundPrint LLC, having a principal place of business at
P.O. Box 74, New York, NY 10150
(hereinafter, the “Company”, “we”, or “us”).
With the exception of displaying read-only data from Apple Health and the HealthKit API (see Apple HealthKit section below), this Privacy Policy does not cover any personal data that we may receive about you through sources other than your use of SoundPrint. Through your use of SoundPrint, you may find links to other websites or mobile applications, but this Privacy Policy does not and will not apply to any of those linked applications or websites, and we are
not responsible in any manner for the privacy practices of those
websites or mobile applications.
We are committed to the protection of your privacy while you use SoundPrint.
By continuing to use SoundPrint, you acknowledge that you have had the chance to review and consider this Privacy Policy, and you acknowledge that you agree to it. This means that you also consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of your personal data as described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not understand the Privacy Policy or do not agree to it, then you agree to immediately cease your use of SoundPrint.
This Privacy Policy also specifically incorporates by reference the SoundPrint Terms & Conditions available at the following link:
https://www.soundprint.co/terms-conditions/
. Terms not specifically defined within this Privacy Policy will have the same meaning as in the Sound Print Terms & Conditions.
TYPES OF COLLECTED PERSONAL DATA & MANNER OF COLLECTION
Through your use of SoundPrint, you will be subject to collection of your personal data through different manners of collection. We respect data minimization principles, and we collect only the minimal amount of data required for legitimate business purposes. Specifically, we collect the following types of personal data:
Registration:
You, as a User of SoundPrint, may wish to register with us to better use the Services. You do not, however, have to register with us to submit any sound level data. If you choose to register with SoundPrint, you can do so via the
Facebook
Application Programming Interface (API), which will pull your email address automatically. The only portion of your email address associated with social commenting on SoundPrint, however, will be the initial identifying portion. You can also choose to manually provide information name, email address, or both. As with Facebook, the only portion of your email address associated with social commenting on SoundPrint will be the initial identifying portion. We use such information exclusively for the purposes of providing the Services to you and allowing you to to submit sound level data multiple times without manually entering in your email address (as your SoundPrint username) for each submission. Facebook has certified to the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework.
Use:
As a User of SoundPrint, you may voluntarily provide comments and recommendations for other Users on the platform. If you do so, such information should be considered public and non-confidential.
The identifying portion of your email address
will be associated with such comments and recommendations. Other Users, as well as the general public accessing the application, will be able to see your input. Please be advised that if the identifying portion of your email address contains your legal name,
other parties may be able to discern your identity. Additionally, if you voluntarily share personal data within the content you post to SoundPrint, your identity may be discernible through your postings.
Communication:
As a User of SoundPrint, you may be asked questions about how to improve SoundPrint, or you may, at some point, communicate with representatives of the Company. We will receive the contents of your communications, answers to questions, and any other form of contact between you and the Company. Such communications may contain personal data voluntarily provided by you, but the personal data contained therein will only be used for the purposes of communicating with you and responding to your inquiries.
Location Data:
We may use and store information about your location depending on the permissions you have set on your device. We only and exclusively use this information to provide features of our Service, such as assistance tagging the correct Venue and providing Venue suggestions when you open the Mobile Application. You can enable or disable location services when you use our Service at any time, through your mobile device settings.
Log Data
:  We may also collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Service or when you access the Service by or through a mobile device (“Log Data”). This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.  When you access the Service by or through a mobile device, this Log Data may include information such as the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser, and other statistics. Such log data is used for the purposes of analytics and information gathering.
Combined or Aggregated Information:
We may combine or aggregate some of your personal data with non-personal data collected from you, (e.g., as described further below) in order to better serve you and to better enhance and update SoundPrint for your and other consumers’ use. While the information described for analytics purposes in this Privacy Policy may be anonymized, it may be stored in the same location or used in conjunction with your personal data. In case the aggregation of your personal and non-personal data allows us to identify you, we will handle such aggregated information as personal data.
NON-PERSONAL DATA
We also collect non-personal data which does not identify you. However, the non-personal data may be stored with personal data, if you have provided personal data to us. As described above, if your identity or other personal details are discernible through the aggregated data, we will treat such data as personal data. The specific non-personal data that we collect is sound level submission data. Through your use of SoundPrint, you may upload sound level submission data as well as that data’s associated information. Such information may include the day of the week, time of day, length of measurement, the average, maximum and minimum sound level, Venue name, Venue type, Venue geographical coordinates, User inputs on Venue atmosphere variables, suggestions for a venue to be added to the Quiet List or suggesting a venue to mitigate or optimize its noise levels (“User-based Noise Complaint”) and the type of mobile device used.  We collect this information for the sole purpose of providing the Service. Such information will never contain any personal data.
PURPOSES OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We primarily use your personal data to provide SoundPrint to you as well as any Services requested by you.
We may also use your personal data for pursuing our legitimate business interests, such as improving the design and functionality of SoundPrint, asking you to provide feedback about SoundPrint, and enforcing our Terms & Conditions.
If you contact us by email or through any contact forms, we will use your personal data to provide you with the requested customer support, respond to your requests, and answer your questions.
Before we ask for, collect, or use your personal data in any way not indicated by this Privacy Policy, we will seek your explicit prior consent.
PURPOSES OF YOUR NON-PERSONAL DATA
We use the non-personal data provided to SoundPrint for research purposes including, but not limited to, analyzing sound levels for a particular country, region, state, city, neighborhood, street, or Venue type, Venue characteristics such as its atmosphere, year, season, quarter, month, week, day, time of day, or type of mobile device used. The non-personal data may be shared, on an aggregated basis, with qualified third-party researchers or organizations, but personal data will never be included in such aggregated data.
APPLE HEALTHKIT
SoundPrint may utilize read-only connections to the Apple Health App (“HealthKit”). For more information on HealthKit, please click
here
. SoundPrint gives users the option to display, within SoundPrint, their Environmental Sound Level exposure data measured by their Apple Watch and stored on HealthKit to help users better understand their hearing health. Specifically, the displayed read-only data from HealthKit will show the user’s average noise level exposure over the past 24 hours and the past week.
Your consent to SoundPrint’s access to your read-only HealthKit data can be granted or refused within SoundPrint. If you choose to have SoundPrint integrate with HealthKit then SoundPrint will have access to the read-only Environmental Sound Level exposure data measured by your Apple Watch and stored on HealthKit that you opt-in for SoundPrint to access.
This read-only data from HealthKit is used for display purposes only within SoundPrint, is not used or combined with other data collected, or stored in SoundPrint’s database and is not shared or sold to any third parties for any purposes including advertising, marketing, or other use-based data mining purposes.
YOUR CONSENT
Your use of SoundPrint constitutes your consent to this Privacy Policy our collection and processing of your personal data for the specified, explicit, and legitimate purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
In case we would like to (1) use your personal data for any purposes that are not explicitly indicated in this Privacy Policy, (2) provide you with direct marketing communications, (3) transfer your personal data to third parties that are not indicated in this Privacy Policy, or (4) significantly amend this Privacy Policy, we will seek your prior express consent.
PROTECTION OF PERSONAL DATA:
We employ organizational and technical security measures to protect your personal data, such as limiting access to your personal data, secured networks, and anonymization.
We use secure physical and digital systems to store your personal data. We ensure that your personal data is protected against unauthorized access, disclosure, or destruction by utilizing practices that are consistent with standards in the industry to protect your privacy.
Please note, however, that no system involving the transmission of information via the Internet or the electronic storage of data is completely secure. Although we take the protection and storage of your personal data very seriously, and we take all reasonable steps to protect your personal data, we cannot be responsible for data breaches that occur outside of our reasonable control.
STORAGE OF PERSONAL DATA
After you provide us with your personal data, we will store it as long as it is necessary for providing you with the requested Services or until you stop using SoundPrint and request deletion of your data. If your personal data is no longer necessary for the purposes for which it has been provided, we will immediately delete such personal data, except for legitimate business purposes. Such legitimate business purposes include the ongoing storage of User submissions.
Please note that we may also store your personal data for any applicable legal record-keeping, including after the closure of your account, or for additional business purposes (e.g., maintaining our accountancy records, enforcing our Terms of Use, or otherwise maintaining the safety and security of SoundPrint) for a time period permitted by applicable law.
THIRD PARTIES
We may utilize third party service providers (hereinafter, the “Third Party Service Providers”), from time to time, or all of the time, to help us to operate SoundPrint, and provide you with the Services. Such Third Party Service Providers may include information storage companies (such as cloud storage providers) and User information logistics providers (such as Google Analytics or other analytics company which helps us track general User information and usage). We use the collected analytics information to understand patterns of, usage of, and to improve SoundPrint.
Please note that the Third Party Service Providers indicated above will access your personal data only on an “if needed” basis as a part of their partnerships with us. Your personal data will be disclosed only if such third parties agree to ensure an adequate level of protection of your personal data that is consistent with this Privacy Policy.
We will not disclose, transfer, or pass on your personal data to third parties that are not mentioned in this Privacy Policy without obtaining your prior explicit consent.
Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Privacy Policy, we may provide your personal data to a third party in order to protect the rights, property or safety of the Company, our customers or third parties, or as otherwise required by law.
HOW PERSONAL DATA IS SHARED OR DISCLOSED
In certain cases, we may disclose your personal data to third parties that provide us with technical support (e.g., our hosting, data storage, and developing providers), business assistance, or if we are requested to do so by public authorities. Please note that some third parties may be located outside the jurisdiction in which you reside.
Our disclosure of your personal data is limited to the following cases:
As may be necessary for the operation of SoundPrint and provision of the Services requested by you (e.g., your personal data may be accessible to our hosting and storage providers, developing team, and other legitimate business providers);
To satisfy any local, state, or Federal laws or regulations;
To respond to requests, such discovery, criminal, civil, or administrative process, subpoenas, court orders, or writs from law enforcement or other governmental or legal bodies;
To bring legal action against a User who has violated the law or violated the Terms & Conditions of SoundPrint;
In the case of any business transfer, sale, or transfer of assets of the Company;
To generally cooperate with any lawful investigation about our Users; or
If we suspect any fraudulent activity on SoundPrint, or if we have noticed any activity which may violate our Terms & Conditions or other applicable rules.
Please note that we do not share, sell, or otherwise provide your personal data to any third-party advertisers.
INTERNATIONAL USERS
By providing your personal data to us in any way, you acknowledge and agree that such personal data may be transferred from the location in which you reside to the physical location of the Company, whether that is the offices of the Company or other service locations, and the locations of the third parties indicated in this Privacy Policy. Please note that the Company and the third parties acting on behalf of the Company are located in the United States. Data protection laws in your jurisdiction may differ from those of the United States.
ACCEPTANCE OF RISK
By continuing to use SoundPrint in any manner, you manifest your continuing assent to this Privacy Policy. You further acknowledge, agree, and accept that transmission of information or data via the Internet is not always completely secure, no matter what reasonable security measures are taken. You acknowledge, agree, and accept that although we put in place reasonable organizational and technical security measures, a security breach may occur. In case a personal data breach occurs, we will immediately take reasonable measures to mitigate the breach and follow the procedures stipulated by the applicable law.
MINOR PRIVACY
We do not allow use of SoundPrint or any of our Services by Users under the age of 18 (eighteen). As such, we do not collect, store, or otherwise use any personal data from any minors. If you are a parent or guardian, and you learn that your children have provided us with personal data, please contact us at
info@soundprint.co
. If we become aware that we have collected personal data from children without verification of parental consent, we will take steps to remove that information from our servers.
NEWSLETTERS & MARKETING COMMUNICATIONS
From time to time, we may send you informational communications related to SoundPrint such as announcements about updates to SoundPrint. You may also receive information from us that is specifically about your use of SoundPrint or about your account with us, including information about security breaches or other privacy-related matters. Please note that such communication does not fall within the scope of direct marketing communication.
If you would like to receive brochures, updates of our new Services, or our newsletters, you can sign up through SoundPrint. By subscribing to any such marketing communications, you voluntarily agree to receive marketing communications from us until you revoke your consent or let us know that you no longer wish to receive such messages.
After we obtain your explicit prior consent, we may use your personal data for direct marketing such as:
Sending you a newsletter;
Offering you new products, services, and/or recommendations;
Profiling; and
Delivering you targeted information regarding promotions related to SoundPrint.
Additionally, SoundPrint may send push notifications or other alerts to your mobile device after obtaining your prior consent. We use push notifications to send you reminders about the use of SoundPrint and our Services. You can manage your push notification preferences or deactivate these notifications at any time by turning off the notification settings within SoundPrint or in the individual device settings of your mobile device.
Please note that you have the right to object to receiving direct marketing communication at any time by:
Clicking on the “unsubscribe” link contained in each such marketing email sent to you, exclusive of the the initial welcome email requesting “opt-in” for such communications; or
Sending an email to
info@soundprint.co
.
If you no longer wish to receive correspondence, emails, or other communications from third parties, you are responsible for contacting the third parties directly.
The personal data you submit to us for subscribing to a newsletter will be used for delivering the newsletter only. By providing any personal information to us, or by using SoundPrint in any manner, you have created a commercial relationship with us. As such, you agree that any email sent from us, even unsolicited email, shall specifically not be considered SPAM, as that term is legally defined.
COOKIES
SoundPrint uses cookies. Cookies are small files stored on your computer or mobile device which collect information about your browsing behavior. These cookies do not access information which is stored on your device.
We use cookies to help us remember information about your account. Other reasons we use cookies include, (but are not limited to):
Understanding and saving User’s preferences for future visits;
Keeping track of advertisements; and
Compiling aggregate data about traffic and interactions in order to offer better experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third-party Services that track this information on Our behalf.
Most Internet browsers accept cookies automatically, although, you are able to change your browser settings to control cookies, including whether or not you accept them, and to remove them. You may also be able to set your browser to advise you if you receive a cookie, or to block or delete cookies.
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our Service. Google’s use of the DoubleClick cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to our Users based on their visit to our Service or other websites on the Internet. You may opt out of the use of the DoubleClick Cookie for interest-based advertising by visiting the Google Ads Settings web page:
http://www.google.com/ads/preferences
.
If you would like to set your browser to refuse cookies, check your browser’s help information or visit
http://www.whatarecookies.com
for further information.
We honor Do Not Track signals and do not track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place. Users can also choose to visit SoundPrint and use the Services anonymously.
YOUR RIGHTS
By using SoundPrint, you can exercise the following rights:
REFUSING TO PROVIDE YOUR PERSONAL DATA:
The personal data you provide to us is an integral part of SoundPrint. You may choose to forego the provision of personal data and submit sound level information anonymously.
ACCESSING, MODIFYING, AND DELETING YOUR PERSONAL DATA
: If you wish to access in a format convenient for you, modify, or delete any personal data we may have about you, you may do so by contacting us at
info@soundprint.co
. We will reply to your request as soon as possible.
SUBMITTING A COMPLAINT
: If you would like to submit a complaint to us about the way in which your personal data is handled, please contact us by using the contact details indicated in the section “Customer Service Contact Information”. After you submit such a complaint via email, we will contact you within three (3) business days confirming that we have received your complaint. If you submit a complaint via U.S. mail, we will respond as soon as possible. Afterwards, we will investigate your complaint and provide you with our response within a reasonable timeframe.
LAUNCHING A COMPLAINT WITH A DATA PROTECTION AUTHORITY:
If you are a resident of the European Union and you are not satisfied with the outcome of your complaint submitted to us, you have the right to lodge a complaint with your local data protection authority.
NON-USER RIGHTS
SoundPrint also allows non-Users to request deletion of any data we may have regarding their Venues or business. Owners, employees or agents of specific Venues, including, but not limited to, restaurants, bars, and cafes may request deletion of the non-personal data collected through sound level submissions.  But if, in the future, after we have deleted the data associated with your Venue, additional data is submitted and tagged to your Venue, you will need to contact us again for removal. To do so please, contact SoundPrint at
info@soundprint.co
.
CUSTOMER SERVICE CONTACT INFORMATION
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the way we collect and process your personal data, you may contact us by using the following contact details:
Email address:
info@soundprint.co
Mail address:
PO Box 74, New York, NY 10150
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
California Civil Code Section § 1798.83 permits Users of SoundPrint that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to
info@soundprint.co
.
MODIFICATIONS AND REVISIONS
We reserve the right to modify, revise, or otherwise amend this Privacy Policy at any time and in any manner. The date of the last amendment is indicated at the top of the Privacy Policy. If the Privacy Policy is amended significantly or if it is required by applicable law and we have your contact details, we will seek your consent to the amended Privacy Policy. We will otherwise post a prominent notification on SoundPrint alerting you to changes in, and relating to, the Privacy Policy.
Unless we specifically obtain your consent, any changes to the Privacy Policy will only impact the personal data collected on or after the date of the change. It is your responsibility to periodically check this page for any such modification, revision or amendment. Any changes made are assumed to have been accepted by your continued use of SoundPrint.