Privacy Policy
At PostBeyond we take privacy seriously. An important part of that is ensuring that our customers understand the information we collect and how it is used and protected. The following Privacy Policy provides those details. Additionally, if you have any questions please reach out to us at
privacy@postbeyond.com
. In the simplest of terms, your data is not re-sold or provided to any external organizations.  The data collected is used to either provide the service to you or your organization or internally to improve the service.  While you are granting PostBeyond the ability to post the items you share to your social networks when you connect your social accounts, this does not mean that your organization can, therefore, see all your other social network activities.  We only provide back the data that is a result of the post that you shared. As well, we do not store your user name and password for social networks you have allowed us to share posts on, you are simply granting us permission to share posts that you’ve decided to share.
This Privacy Policy covers the online site
staging-postbeyondhub.kinsta.cloud
, as well as all other related websites (the “Website”) plus the PostBeyond application (the “Application”) that are operated and administered by, or on behalf of PostBeyond Inc. (“PostBeyond“, “us“, “our“, or “we“).  The Website and the Application are collectively referred to as the “Services”. This Privacy Policy also covers specific programs and services that we may offer such as application forms, posting submission forms and other documents that we enter into with you which have legal and contractual effects. This Privacy Policy explains the type of information we collect, use and disclose and how we do so. PostBeyond is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using the Services, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
PostBeyond may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you understand any changes. We will post notice of material changes via our Website or otherwise provide you with notice of such material changes.
What we collect
Information provided when registering for the PostBeyond Application
When you create or modify your PostBeyond account, you provide some personal information, such as your name, email, and password. By creating a PostBeyond account you acknowledge that this information is personal to you and allow others, including PostBeyond, to identify you and use your information.
Information provided when creating or sharing a posting
When you create or choose to share a posting through the Service, you provide certain information both to us and may also disclose certain information to those who may view the post(s) you share.  When you choose to share a posting through our services to your chosen social network, the information disclosed through such social network is subject to the terms and conditions (including privacy policies) of such social network.  As well, as an Individual User, when you choose to share a posting through your own social network, we may collect information (including your social network username and other information such as social media token).  Our system will automatically log data relating to your sharing of a post, including your IP address, browser, operating system, and other statistics (including but not limited to number and type of shares, re-posts, likes, favourites and retweets). We may also collect personal information from third parties who you provided information to, such as providers related to our services.
Information provided when using the PostBeyond mobile application
If you use our mobile application or access our Services from your mobile device, you agree that we may collect information about you and your use of the Services, including without limitation, the brand and type of your device, your mobile carrier, your internet access provider, and your physical location.
Other information collected
In addition, we may collect the following information:
demographic information such as postal code, preferences and interests which may be collected from forms you decide to complete.
information you provide when requesting information or publications from us
information to help understand and categorize inquiries when you contact our customer support team
survey responses to help us improve our Services
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
To provide you with the information you have requested.
To provide you with access to an account through which you may access the Services.
To authenticate social media accounts you wish to link to your PostBeyond account.
To track postings made through the Services.
To provide educational information to improve your use of the Services.
To provide product update information, technical notices, security alerts, and other administrative messages
To provide customer support related to the Services.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send you promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
Administrative Users responsible for the ongoing administration of your PostBeyond program may send you emails from time to time at their discretion.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail.
We may use the information to customize the Services according to your interests
We may strip it of your personal information and use such anonymous information internally.
When you share a Posting through the Service, we may disclose your name and certain information about your social media account (including statistics on viewership, click rates and the number and type of re-sharing of such Posting) to an Administrative User for your PostBeyond program (typically your company that is running the program).
Disclosure of Information
In certain circumstances we may disclose the information you provide, including but not limited to the following:
We may utilize anonymized information to improve the product.
If required, we may disclose your personal information in the Application (but will not disclose details of your social networks):
to your organization
to persons for whom you have provided your consent (including through your chosen social networks);
as otherwise required by law.
Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement
We cooperate with government and law enforcement officials and private parties to enforce and comply with the law. We will disclose any information about you to the government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate to respond to claims and legal process (including but not limited to subpoenas), to protect the property and rights of PostBeyond, its suppliers, or other third parties, to protect the safety of the public or any person, or to prevent or stop activity we may consider to be or to pose a risk of being, illegal, unethical, or legally actionable activity.
Business Transfer
In the event we sell our business or assets or enter into other changes of ownership or other business transition, such as a merger or acquisition, in such case we may disclose the information noted here to a purchaser or other acquirers.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. We will make any legally-required disclosures of any breach of security, confidentiality, or integrity of your unencrypted electronically-stored personal data to you via email or conspicuous posting on this Site in the most expedient time possible and without unreasonable delay, consistent with (i) the legitimate needs of government authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements or (ii) any measures necessary to determine the scope of the breach and restore the reasonable integrity of the data system.
You should protect your user ID and password and not share it with anyone. If you believe your user ID and password have been compromised and you have trouble changing your user ID/password, please contact our technical support department (
support@postbeyond.com
).
Retention on Cancellation
When you have cancelled your account and/or unlinked a social media account, we delete your social media token and no longer have access to that social media account.  We may retain the Postings you have previously created and/or shared, including the text of such Posting and any statistical information we have collected related to such Posting.
How We Use Cookies on our Website
PostBeyond uses cookies to personalize content and ads, analyze trends, administer the website, track users’ movements around the website, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole.
A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web server. Cookies are not used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a Web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. When you return to the same website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the customized features.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of PostBeyond’s website when you visit. This applies to the following domains:
staging-postbeyondhub.kinsta.cloud
and learn.postbeyond.com.
In order to improve our website experience, we may retain third-party service providers to operate this website and help us monitor, collect and analyze information regarding your interactions with this website and data you input. Cookies set by the website owner are called “first-party cookies.”  Cookies set by parties other than the website owner are called “third-party cookies.” Third-party cookies enable third-party features or functionality to be provided on or through the website (e.g. like advertising and analytics). The parties that set these third-party cookies can recognize your computer both when it visits the website in question and also when it visits certain other websites.
How We Use Cookies in our Application
We use cookies to improve your use of the Services by storing session tokens and user state information. This allows us to deliver you your preferred experience without having to request information from you which we already know. You can decline the use of cookies by setting your web browser to reject cookies however this may prevent you from taking full advantage of the Services.
Log Data
When you interact with the Services, it automatically records information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website or perform certain actions (“Log Data“). This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol address, browser type, the webpage you were visiting before you interacted with our Services, your actions, and other statistics. We use this information to monitor and analyze use of the Services and for the Services’ technical administration, to increase our Services’ functionality and user-friendliness, and to better tailor it to our users’ needs. Such information may also be used to gather broad demographic information, such as country of origin and Internet Service Provider.
Links to Other Websites
Our Services may contain links to other websites of interest, and postings you create, or share may link to a website not owned or operated by PostBeyond. Once you have used these links to leave our Services, you should note that we do not have any control over those other environments. Therefore, we are not and cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this Privacy Policy. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question, including those relating to social networks you choose to utilize in creating or sharing a posting.
3rd Parties
PostBeyond uses YouTube API Services to pull in content from YouTube Channels. No personal data related to YouTube usage is stored by PostBeyond. Google Privacy Policy at
http://www.google.com/
policies/privacy
E-Mail Communications
By agreeing to download PostBeyond marketing materials, you agree to receive future relevant communications from PostBeyond. At any time, you may opt-out of receiving further communications by using the unsubscribe link located at the bottom of each email message. Once opted-out you will no longer receive PostBeyond marketing emails.
Access to Your Account
In order to assess and respond to the request you submit to our customer support team it might be necessary for us to access your account.
Transfer of Data Between Countries
Your information may be transferred to, and maintained on, computers located outside of your country or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction.  Specifically, PostBeyond utilizes servers in the United States and Ireland.
European Privacy Rights
If you are a resident or are otherwise located in the territory of Europe, this section provides additional details about the personal data we collect about you, and your rights granted by the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”).
Our company, PostBeyond is compliant with the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation. This regulation provides protection for
all of PostBeyond’s customers
regardless of the jurisdiction you are in. Specifically, users of the PostBeyond are entitled to:
The right
to access and view the personal data that PostBeyond has collected on them.
The right
to download the personal data that PostBeyond has collected on them.
The right
to request PostBeyond to erase the personal data that has been collected on them, under certain conditions.
Subject to certain limitations, the GDPR provides you the following privacy rights: Transparency and the right to information. Through this policy, we explain how we use and share your personal information. However, if you have questions or concerns you can contact us at any time at privacy@postbeyond.com.
Right of access, objection, restriction of processing, erasure, and portability. You can make a request to access, object, restrict, erase, or transfer any of your personal data here. You also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time when we process your personal data based on your consent.
Right to opt-out to direct marketing. You have the right to opt-out at any time to receiving marketing materials from us by following the opt-out instructions in our commercial emails, by contacting us, or by adjusting your preferences. Please note that we reserve the right to send you other communications, including service announcements and administrative messages relating to your PostBeyond account, without offering you the opportunity to opt-out of receiving them.
Right not to be subject to an automated decision, including profiling. We do not make automated decisions using your personal data that may negatively impact you. We use cookies and similar technologies on our Site to personalize your experience on the Site and recommending software products and services that may be of interest to you.
Right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority. If you consider that the processing of your personal data infringes on your privacy rights according to the GDPR, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in the member state of your habitual residence, place of work, or place of the alleged infringement. Contact details for the EU data protection authorities can be found at http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.htm
Personal Information of Children
The PostBeyond service is not intended for or directed to children. Should we become aware of having collected personal information from a child we will delete that information from our system. Parents and guardians can contact us at
privacy@postbeyond.com
to inform us that their child’s personal information has been collected and request the deletion of that information.
Controlling Your Personal Information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
whenever you are asked to fill in a form on our Website we will clearly state why the information is needed and how it will be used, and will explicitly ask for your consent to use the information you are providing
if you have previously agreed to allow us to use your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at
privacy@postbeyond.com
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you at any time. If you would like a copy of the information held on you or if you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please contact us at
privacy@postbeyond.com
.
Your Acceptance of this Privacy Policy
This is our entire Privacy Policy and it supersedes any earlier version. You agree to it every time you use the Website and/or the Application.
From time to time we will update this Privacy Policy. Before we do so we will inform you by email or by placing a prominent notice on our Website. By continuing to use our Website and/or our Application you agree to be bound by such changes to this Privacy Policy. Your only remedy, if you do not accept the terms of this Privacy Policy, is to discontinue use of the Website and the Application.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us anytime at
privacy@postbeyond.com
.