Privacy Policy
WE HAVE UPDATED OUR PRIVACY POLICY.
To further protect your privacy, starting on or after July 1, 2022, if you have not logged in or used our services for a consecutive period of at least three (3) years, your personal information and account may be deleted automatically and without further notice.  Please review our Privacy Policy below for more details.
PURPOSE:
We, at Kongregate Inc. (
“Kongregate,”
the
“Company,”
“we”
or
“us”
), are committed to respecting your privacy
          and the integrity and security of your personal information. As the data controller of certain of your personal
          information, we want you to know how we handle it, how we use it, process it and/or share it, as well as the ways in
          which you can protect your own privacy.
Our Privacy Policy explains:
what information we collect and how we use it;
with whom we may share your information;
how long we retain and how we protect the information; and
what rights and options you have to control your personal data.
SCOPE:
This Privacy Policy applies to any and all end users of Kongregate’s services (
“Services”
). Your use of the Services are
          subject to this Privacy Policy, the
Cookie Policy
(which is incorporated into the Privacy Policy) and the
Terms of Service.
Each of
www.kongregate.com
,
www.kartridge.com
, 
          and all other sites or online services that are owned or operated by Kongregate currently or in the future is a
“Site,”
and collectively, the
“Sites.”
Each mobile game published or
          operated by Kongregate currently or in the future is an
“App,”
and collectively, the
“Apps,”
(and together with the
          Sites, the
“Platform”
). Each Kongregate game that can be played through third party platforms, e.g., via consoles, PCs
          and/or social media sites such as Facebook is a
“Third Party Platform Games.”
Amendments to Privacy Policy.
We reserve the right to change our practices and to amend this Privacy Policy at our discretion and at any time. When any changes are
          made, we will try to provide reasonable notice and will post the updated version on the Platform. We may also send an
          email, in-game message or provide notice within some or all of our Services when this Privacy Policy changes. Each time a user accesses
          our Services, the Platform or Third Party Platform Games, the then current version of the Privacy Policy applies, and you
          agree that the information we collect will be subject to the Privacy Policy, as updated. We encourage you to check this
          page regularly so that you know our current practices.
General Application Clause
The descriptions of how we process your personal data, your rights, and limitations to processing your personal data that are mentioned in this privacy policy apply to you when you use our services. They are based on the rules of the General Data Protection Regulation (â€œGDPRâ€), which applies when you reside in the European Union and use our Services.
If you do not reside in the European Union and use our Services, the descriptions of this privacy policy may not fully apply to you and other data protection laws might be applicable. If you are a resident of the State of California, please see the Section below titled: Additional Information Regarding California Residents for detailed information according to the California Consumer Privacy Act (â€œCCPAâ€).
We ask that you read the Privacy Policy carefully and familiarize
          yourself with its content. Should you have any questions about the changes, you are welcome to contact us at
support@kongregate.com
. If you do not agree with the changes, then unfortunately, we
          must ask you to cease using our Platform and/or Services, as we must have all users under the same terms in order to
          provide equitable Services to all.
LAST UPDATED:
May 21, 2024
LAST REVIEWED:
September 7, 2023
TABLE OF CONTENTS
WHAT INFORMATION WE COLLECT, HOW WE USE IT & OUR LEGAL BASES FOR PROCESSING IT
WITH WHOM WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
DATA RETENTION
HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION
OUR POLICIES CONCERNING CHILDREN
YOUR RIGHTS AND OPTIONS
TRANSFER OUT OF EUROPE
DATA PROTECTION OFFICER
QUESTIONS, CONCERNS OR REQUESTS
1. WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT, HOW WE USE IT & OUR LEGAL BASES FOR PROCESSING IT
When you access, connect to, sign up to, participate in, create an account for, make purchases within or otherwise use
      our Services, we may collect personal data from you. The personal data we collect will depend on the circumstances and
      the Services you are using. The personal data that we may collect about you and the purposes for which such personal
      data will be used, as well as the legal basis for such processing are explained in this section.
Visiting our Site.
When visiting our Site, our system will automatically collect data and information from the computer system of the terminal
          device accessing the Site. In this connection the following data will be collected for a limited time period:
visited website;
quantity of data transmitted;
information about the type and version of the browser used;
the operating system of the user;
the IP address of the user;
the date and time of access; and
the websites from which the system of the user arrived on our Site.
Such data will be stored in log files of our system. Such data are needed only to analyze any
            malfunctions and will be deleted in approximately 30 days. The legal basis for temporarily storing data in log files
            is Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation (
“GDPR”
). Temporary storage of the IP address for the
            system is necessary for making the Site available to the terminal device of the user. For this purpose, the IP address
            of the user must be stored for the duration of the session. Data is stored in log files to ensure the functionality of
            our Site. In addition, such data is used to optimize the Site and to ensure the security of our IT systems. Data will
            not be analyzed for marketing purposes in this connection, and we will draw no inferences as to your identity. The
            aforementioned purposes also provide the basis of our legitimate interest in data processing within the meaning of
            Article 6(1)(f) of GDPR. Collecting data to make available the Site and storing data in log files is necessary for
            operating the Site. Consequently, users have no right to object to the collection or use of such data for the
            aforementioned purposes.
Communication via Email and Phone.
If you communicate with us via email or telephone, we process all personal data you disclose to us during our
          conversation (e.g., you name, email address, telephone number, the reason why you are contacting us etc.). If you ask
          for help from our customer support team, we will collect and store the contact information you give them (generally,
          your name and email address) as well as information about your game play or activity on our Services, and your
          Kongregate username and/or social network ID number. Recipients of the processed personal data are our respective
          internal employees that are responsible for pursuing our purposes for the processing (e.g., someone from a department
          that you are contacting with a request).
Depending on the specific conversation with you, the personal data can either be processed in order to take steps at
          your request prior to entering into a contract with us or to perform a contract you have concluded with us. In these
          cases, the legal basis for processing the personal data is Article 6(1)(b) of GDPR. Also, the processing can be necessary
          for us to comply with legal documentation obligations. Then, the legal basis for processing the data is Article 6(1)(c)
          of GDPR. The processing can also be necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interest to respond to mails and calls
          of yours when you contact us and are not our contractual partner as well as to have proof regarding substantial content
          of our conversation, including but not limited to cases of potential legal claims on our or your side. We may also store
          the communications you have with the Customer Support team in order to provide you support and improve the Services. The
          legal basis for processing the data in those cases is Article 6(1)(f) of GDPR.
The data is stored at least for the time until our contract with you is fully performed. If the data has been stored in
          order to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract with us, we will store the data for as long as
          reasons objectively exist to believe that the respective conversation will be continued within the foreseeable future.
          Storage may also take place if this has been provided for by legal regulations such as directives, laws or other
          regulations to which the controller is subject. Data will also be blocked or deleted if a storage period prescribed by
          the aforementioned standards expires.
Account Information.
When you register for an account (
“Account”
), we process the following required data of yours: username, email address
          and whether or not you are a Child. Recipients of the processed personal data are our respective employees that are responsible for
          processing the data. We process the required data to enter into and perform a contract with you (Account contract) so
          you can use our Services. The legal basis for processing the data to enter into or perform a contract we concluded with
          you is Article 6(1)(b) of GDPR. Your Account data is stored for as long as you maintain your Account, which can be closed
          anytime at your request. To protect your privacy, your Account will be automatically closed and any such associated data automatically deleted after three (3) or four (4) years of inactivity, as further explained in Section 3.
Information You Provide via Apps.
You may have the option to link your mobile account to your Sites account in
          connection with certain Apps. This will allow you to participate in content that crosses between the Sites and Apps,
          such as Kongregate level, points, and badges. If you choose this linking option, the information we receive via the
          Sites may also apply to Apps, and vice versa.
Purchases.
When you place an order with us through our Platform we will request certain information from you, including,
          your name, email address, payment card details, billing address and phone number. We use a third party payment processor
          for this service. This information will be used to process your order, arrange delivery of your order and correspond
          with you in relation to your order. Recipients of the processed personal data are our respective employees that are
          responsible for fulfilling our Services. Our legal basis for using your personal data in this way is to perform the
          contract we enter into with you and to execute the customer service in respect of your order (Article 6(1)(b) of GDPR).
The data is stored at least for the time until our contract with you is fully performed. If the data has been stored in
          order to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract with us, we will store the data for as long as
          reasons objectively exist to believe that the respective conversation will be continued within the foreseeable future.
          Storage may also take place if this has been provided for by legal regulations such as directives, laws or other
          regulations to which the controller is subject. Data will also be blocked or deleted if a storage period prescribed by
          the aforementioned standards expires.
Online Presence in Social Media.
We maintain an online presence on social networks and platforms to communicate with
          clients, interested parties, and users who are active on those networks, and to be able to inform clients, interested
          parties, and users of our Services.
Our Site therefore links to the website of Facebook, operated by Facebook Inc., 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, CA 94025,
          U.S.A., or, if you reside in the EU, Facebook Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2,
          Ireland, (
“Facebook”
). Otherwise, no data is exchanged with Facebook on our Site. For further information how Facebook processes personal data:
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/update
.
Our Site also links to the website of Twitter, operated by Twitter Inc., 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco,
          CA 94103, U.S.A. or, if you reside in the EU, Twitter International Company, One Cumberland Place, Fenian Street, Dublin
          2, D02 AX07 Ireland. For further information how twitter processes personal data:
https://twitter.com/privacy
.
When you access the aforementioned networks or platforms, the terms and conditions and data processing policies of the
          companies that operate those networks or platforms will apply. Unless otherwise provided in our data privacy policy, we
          will process data of users if they communicate with us through social networks or platforms, e.g., if they post on our
          Facebook pages, or send us messages.
User-Generated Social Content.
As of January 2022, Kongregate no longer hosts forums or chat rooms. However, if you had posted in a forum prior to January 2022, then your previous posts are still publicly visible. If you had participated in a chat room prior to January 2022, all such chats have been deleted. Any member with an Account may still post game comments, (which are publicly visible), profile shouts and/or direct messages. When you do this, we process your username, date of your post and content of your post. The personal information that you post voluntarily through the Platform may be visible to others.
We process the data to perform a contract with you so you can use our Service. Should you violate our terms of use
          (e.g., post offensive content) we will save such posts to prove the violation. We have a legitimate interest in making
          sure that the rules for participating in our forum are followed and toxic behavior of users can be properly sanctioned
          to ensure a friendly and respectful space for everyone. The legal basis for processing the data to enter into or perform
          a contract we concluded with you is Article 6(1)(a) of GDPR. The legal basis for processing data based on our legitimate
          interest is Article 6(1)(f) of GDPR.
The data is stored at least for the duration of the contract with you. If entitlements to claims arise from the contract
          we store the data for the respective limitation period according to the applicable law. Personal data that is processed
          based on our legitimate interest, will be stored as long as it is covered by such legitimate interest. The storage
          period in such cases is determined by the necessity of the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims (Article
          17(3)(e) of GDPR), e.g., to have proof for a defense against unjustified claims within the respective statute of
          limitations by users who have verifiably violated our terms of use.
Other Information You Provide.
We collect the following types of personally identifiable information: your contact
          information (such as name, postal or email address, or phone number), username and password, purchase history on our
          Platform, game play preferences (such as an interest in a particular type of game or genre), information you provide by
          interacting with us through social media, and photographs that you submit on our Platform or through our social media
          channels. By submitting a photograph, you waive any rights thereto and authorize us to copyright, use and publish the
          same in print or electronically for any lawful purpose.
Information We Automatically Collect.
Kongregate, Kongregate affiliates, and our third-party partners in analytics, user acquisition, and advertising, use technologies such as cookies, beacons, tags, and scripts, to analyze
          trends, administer the Site, track users’ movements around the Site, and gather demographic information about our user
          base as a whole. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by these companies on an individual or
          aggregated basis.
Analytics.
When you visit our Platform, we automatically collect the following types of information: information about
              the devices you use to access the Internet (such as the IP address and the device, browser, and operating system type),
              URLs that refer you to our Platform and the dates and times of your visits, information on your gaming behavior on our
              Platform (e.g., page views, paths you take through our Sites, frequency of visits, referring/exit pages), general
              geographic location information (e.g., country) that shows where you are when browsing our Sites, search terms that you
              enter to reach our Sites or enter on our Sites to find products, and the fact that you opened one of our emails. We
              utilize analytics services to help us track the efficacy of our Platform and help us learn more about our users’
              behavior.
Information We Receive from Third Parties.
As previously noted, you can play Kongregate games through third party
              consoles or third party social media sites such as Facebook. When you play these Third Party Platform Games, backend
              system vendors may collect and share your information with us such as player IDs, session information, and purchase
              data, as well as personal information including email address, gender, and birthday and/or age range. Because such
              services are offered through a third party, this collection of information is governed by the applicable third party’s
              privacy policy.
Tailored Advertising.
Advertising allows us to provide many free-to-play Services. Third-party advertising companies
              serve ads on our behalf across the Internet. Such advertising partners have a legitimate interest to collect and profile
              personal data in the form of IP address and cookie ID from users on our Site in order to provide targeted online
              advertising and ad measurement.
Cookies.
As further described in our
Cookie Policy
, we automatically collect information through cookies and other
              similar technologies (e.g., web beacons, pixels, ad tags and device identifiers) to recognize you and/or your device(s).
              Cookies are small text files stored by your Web browser on your computer, phone, tablet, or other device used to browse
              our Platform. Cookies allow us to identify and authenticate visitors, track behavior, and enable important site
              features. We also contract with analytics services and third-party advertising companies to collect similar information
              for specific purposes.
Please note that companies delivering advertisements on our Services may also use cookies or
              other technologies as described below in the section
“Third Party Advertising and User Acquisition Partners”
and those practices are subject to those
              companies’ own policies.
You can control cookies through your browser settings and other tools. For more information on
              cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
.
2. WITH WHOM WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA.
Service Providers.
We may use third party service providers to perform services for us such as to provide the
          infrastructure and IT services (including but not limited to data storage), process credit and debit card transactions,
          to provide customer services, collect debt analysis and improve data and process customer inquiries and perform other
          statistical analyzes. In the performance of these services, the third party vendors may have access to your personal
          data but are only authorized to process it strictly on our behalf and in accordance with our instructions.
Third Party Advertising and User Acquisition Partners.
We have advertising on our Services so we can continue to offer many of our Services for free. Subject to your settings, we provide certain information to advertisers who will use them to serve you with ads in our Platform, and we measure who sees and clicks on their ads. We may also use
          aggregate information to monitor usage of our Services in order to help us improve and develop our Services, and we may provide such aggregate information to third parties, e.g., content partners or advertisers. This aggregate information does not include personal data and cannot be linked to you. When advertisers, ad networks or user acquisition partners place ads in our Services, they may collect or we may share the following types of information from within our Services:
performance data (like the number of clicks on an advertisement);
aggregated and/or de-identified information about you and other players collectively that is not intended to
            specifically identify you (like players between the ages of 21 and 25 who live San Francisco);
certain technical information (for example, IP addresses, non-persistent device identifiers such as IDFAs, and
            de-identified persistent device identifiers such as a hashed Android ID);
your social network ID;
and other contextual data about your game play (for example, your level and session length).
The information collected may be used to:
measure how effective ads are, to offer you targeted advertising in order to personalize your experience by showing you
            advertisements for products and services that are more likely to appeal to you (a practice known as behavioral
            advertising), and/or
undertake web analytics (e.g., Google Analytics which is used to analyze traffic and other player activity to improve
            your experience).
Advertisers or ad networks may collect this information through the use of tracking technologies like browser cookies and web beacons. After clicking on a third party advertisement, you may no longer be on our Platform. The third party
          sites are operated by companies that are outside of our control, and your activities at those sites will be governed by
          the policies and practices of those third parties. We encourage you to review the list of third party advertising and user acquisition partners and their privacy policies before disclosing any personally identifiable information, as we are not responsible for the privacy practices
          of those sites.
Offer Walls.
Our Services may display an â€œoffer wallâ€ that is hosted by an offer wall provider. The offer wall allows third-party
          advertisers to provide virtual currency to players in exchange for interacting with an advertisement or for completing a
          marketing offer that may include signing up for an account with one of those advertisers. After clicking on one of these
          offers, you will no longer be on a site hosted by Kongregate or the social network through which you are playing
          Kongregate games. To properly credit player accounts and to prevent fraud, a unique identifier, in some cases your
          Kongregate username/ID, will be shared with the offer wall provider.
Third Party Developers.
Most of the games on our Platforms are created by third party developers. These third party developers
          may request, by using Kongregate’s SDK and APIs, certain publicly visible information about users that play their games, e.g., your username, your user_id (a numeric ID associated with your
          account that persists even if a username is changed) In order to fix bugs. The legal basis of this processing is Article
          6(1)(b) of GDPR.
Third Parties for Security or Other Legitimate Reasons.
We may also disclose your personal data to third parties, if we
          reasonably believe that disclosure of such personal data is necessary:
to comply with valid legal obligations including subpoenas, court orders, governmental requests or search warrants, and
            as otherwise authorized by law. The legal basis of this processing is Article 6(1)(c) of GDPR.
to protect our rights, property, or the safety of our customers, employees or the general public.. The legal basis of
            this processing is Article 6(1)(f) of GDPR.
to protect against fraudulent, malicious, abusive, unauthorized or unlawful use of our Services and to protect our
            network, services, devices and users from such use. The legal basis of this processing is Article 6(1)(f) of GDPR. We
            have an interest in providing our Services without fraud. This interest outweighs the user’s interest in not having
            personal data processed.
to advance or defend against complaints or legal claims. The legal basis of this processing is Article 6(1)(f) of GDPR.
            We have an interest in defending against complaints or legal claims. This interest outweighs the user’s interest in not
            having personal data processed.
to determine credit risk. The legal basis of this processing is Article 6(1)(f) of GDPR. We have an interest to assess
            credit risks in order to protect our economic interest. This interest outweighs the user’s interest in not having
            personal data processed.
or to obtain payment for our Services. The legal basis of this processing is Article 6(1)(b) of GDPR.
to outside auditors and regulators in case of legal obligations. The legal basis of this processing is Article 6(1)(c)
            of GDPR.
Corporate Transaction, Reorganization or Bankruptcy.
In the event of a change of control, sale of some or all of our
          business or assets, corporate reorganization or bankruptcy, we would share the pertinent customer information (which may
          include your personal information) with the other business entity (or entities) involved in the transaction. In such an
          event, we would notify you via email and/or a prominent notice on our Platform of any change in ownership or uses of
          your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information. The legal basis of
          this processing is Article 6(1)(f) of GDPR.
Legal Compliance.
We may disclose information upon governmental request, in response to a court order, or when required
          by law to do so. The legal basis of this processing is Article 6(1)(c) of GDPR.
3. DATA RETENTION
In the following you can find information on how long we store personal data in our systems which we have collected from you during your use of our Services. We adhere to a data retention policy that involves the retention of personal data from active users while concurrently deleting the data of inactive users who satisfy the subsequent criteria:
Annual deletion of user accounts that have not engaged in any form of login activity over the course of at least three consecutive years.
Furthermore, in compliance with legal authorities, we will keep a record of financial transactions in an anonymized form for the period of time required by law.
4. HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION
We strive to maintain the security of your personal information through a variety of security measures. Safeguarding
      your personal data is a priority for us. Personal data that you provide to us is stored on secure servers, and we use
      rigorous procedures to protect against loss, misuse, unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of your
      personal data. Although we work hard to protect your personal data, please note that no system can be guaranteed to be
      100% secure. Therefore, while we strive to employ reasonable protections for your information that are appropriate to
      its sensitivity, we cannot guarantee that our safeguards will prevent every unauthorized attempt to access, use or
      disclose personal data, and we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of the information you share with us and we
      cannot be responsible for the theft, destruction, loss or inadvertent disclosure of your information.
It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to any login or password information, and to your
      computer or device. To minimize the risk of having your account being compromised, we recommend that you set up your
      account password using unique numbers, letters and special characters. Do not disclose passwords to others. Please
      notify us of any password compromises and change passwords periodically to maintain account protection. To learn more
      about how to protect yourself online, we encourage you to visit the government’s website at
www.onguardonline.gov
.
5. OUR POLICIES CONCERNING CHILDREN.
Our Services are Not Designed for Children.
Our Services, Platform and Third Party Platform Games are generally designed
      for and directed at people 18 years of age or older. No one under the age of 13 within the United States (or up to the
      age of 16 for children located in certain European countries)(collectively,
“Children”
) may provide any personal
      information to us, and we do not knowingly collect information from Children except in connection with the following
      Apps which Kongregate has designated as directed to Children (collectively, our
“Children-Appealing Games”
).
For our limited collection of Children-Appealing Games, we recognize a special obligation to further protect personal
      information collected from Children. We urge parents to instruct their children to never give out their real names,
      addresses or phone numbers without permission. Some of the features of our Children-Appealing Games are age-gated so
      that they are not available for use by Children. When we intend to collect personal information from Children, we take
      additional steps to protect children’s privacy, including:
In accordance with applicable law, and our practices, obtaining consent from parents for the collection of personal
        information from their children, or for sending information about our Services directed to Children;
Limiting our collection of personal information from Children to no more than is reasonably necessary to participate in
        an online activity; and
Giving parents access or the ability to request access to personal information we have collected from their Children and
        the ability to request that the personal information be changed or deleted.
For additional information about our practices regarding Children’s personal information, please read our
Children’s
      Privacy Policy.
With the exception of a handful or so of our Children-Appealing Games, Children should not attempt to create an account
      or send any of your information to us, including your name, address, telephone number or email address. If Kongregate
      learns that we have collected personal information from Children without verification of parental consent in
      contravention of these measures, we will terminate access to the account immediately and will take all reasonable
      measures to delete such information from its databases and to not use such information for any purpose (except where
      necessary to protect the safety of the child or other as required or allowed by law). If you believe that we might have
      any information from or about Children, please contact us at
support@kongregate.com
.
Right to Remove Posted Information â€” California Minors.
If you are under 18 years of age, reside in California, and have
      a registered account on the Platform, or through the Third Party Platform Games, you have the right to request removal of
      unwanted information that you publicly post on the Platform, or through the Third Party Platform Games. To request removal
      of such information, you can contact Kongregate using the email address associated with your account at
support@kongregate.com
stating that you reside in California. Upon receiving such a request, Kongregate will make
      sure that the information is not publicly available on our Platform, or through our Third Party Platform Games.
6. YOUR RIGHTS AND OPTIONS.
We understand that you may at times need further information from us regarding your personal data and how it is
      processed or that you may wish to update or correct the personal data you have provided us with. Your rights under GDPR
      include the following:
Right to access your personal data.
You have the right to obtain confirmation from us as to whether or not personal data concerning you are being processed,
        and, where that is the case, access to the personal data and information.
Right to rectification of personal data.
If you find that personal data that we process about you is inaccurate, you have the right to have us correct such
        personal data.
Right to restriction of processing.
Under certain circumstances, such as if you question the accuracy of your personal data or you have objected to our
        legitimate purpose to process your personal data, you have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your
        personal data until a solution has been found.
Right to erasure of personal data (“right to be forgotten”).
Under certain circumstances, such as if your personal data has been unlawfully processed or you have withdrawn your
        consent (if the processing of your personal data is based on consent), you have the right to request and obtain erasure
        of your personal data from us, subject to certain exceptions. Please also note that any requests for removal do not
        ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information from the Services. For example, content that you
        have posted may be republished or reposted by another user or third party.
Notification regarding rectification or erasure of personal data or restriction of processing.
We shall communicate any rectification or erasure of personal data or restriction of processing carried to each recipient to whom the personal data have been disclosed, unless this proves impossible or involves
        disproportionate effort. We will inform you about those recipients if you request it.
Right to data portability.
If your personal data is processed by automated means based on your consent or for the fulfillment of our contractual relationship, you have the right to request that we provide you with your personal data in a machine-readable format for transmission to another data controller.
Right to object to processing.
Under certain circumstances, such as if you question our legitimate interest to process your personal data, you have the
        right to object, on grounds relating to your particular situation, to such processing.
Right to revoke the declaration of consent.
You have the right to revoke your data protection declaration of consent at any time. Revocation of your consent does
        not affect the legality of the processing that has taken place on the basis of your consent until revocation.
We do not use automated decision making processes.
While you would have the right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing which produces legal effects that similarly significantly affects you, this would not apply for our Platform as we do not use automated
        individual decision-making.
Right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
You have the right to lodge a complaint regarding our processing of your personal data with the supervisory authority of
        your place of residence, place of work or place of the alleged infringement.
Non-Discrimination.
At the risk of stating the obvious, we want to be clear that we will not discriminate against you for exercising any of
        your CCPA rights or other privacy rights. Unless permitted by
CCPA
, we will not take any discriminatory actions,
        including, denying you goods or services, charging you different prices or rates for goods or services, including
        through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties; providing you a different level or quality of goods
        or services; or suggesting that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or
        quality of goods or services.
Please submit a request using this
form
in respect of your rights. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to respond to your request within 30 days of receiving such request. If we cannot honor your request within the 30-day period, we will let you know the reasons why and when we expect to be able to fulfill your request.
If our processing of your personal data is based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw such consent at any time (this will however not affect the processing based on your consent before its withdrawal) by using this
form
or by updating the settings in our Services (where applicable).
Updating Your Profile.
If you wish to review, edit or delete information you have provided to Kongregate, you may access your account information on the Site at any time by clicking on your username at the top of the Site homepage. We retain and use your information as necessary as described in
“Data Retention.”
Opting Out of Promotional Emails from Kongregate.
If you are receiving Kongregate promotional emails due to prior consent and no longer wish to receive those email
        messages, you may opt out at the time you receive the message by following the instructions in that email, clicking on
        the unsubscribe link in our emails or contacting us at
support@kongregate.com
. You will continue to
        receive non-marketing-related emails (e.g., material changes to the privacy policy, issues with the Platform or
        compromised data access).
Opting Out of App Notifications.
Kongregate Apps may send push notifications to your mobile device to provide game information, news, updates, or other
        relevant information. You can manage these updates from the “settings” page from within the App or from your device
        control panel that manages these notifications.
Opting Out of Social Media Platform.
If you wish to edit or manage the information Kongregate receives from a social media platform, you need to follow the
        applicable instructions at the specific social media site. For example, Facebook’s relevant policy in this regard can be
        found
here
. Please note that once Kongregate receives any personal information from a social media site as a result of a
        user playing Third Party Platform Games, it will be stored and handled in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Opting Out of Geolocation.
In order to improve and optimize our Service continuously, we use mobile tracking technologies. With the help of these
        services, we collect data on the usage of our Apps to be able to constantly improve our Services. In this respect, we
        may collect: IP address, which is anonymized right away, MAC address, anonymized Device ID (IDentifier For Advertisers
        (IDFA)) or Google Advertiser ID (GAID), browser type, language settings, internet service provider, network status, time
        zone, URL of the entry and exit pages, date of access and time spent, clickstream data, and other statistical
        information about the use of our Services. If you have previously allowed us to access your geolocation data, you can
        stop making geolocation available to us by visiting your mobile device’s settings for the relevant application or the
        “settings” page for the relevant App.
The collection and storing of the data can at any time be disabled with effect for the future as follows:
In the case of an Apple device: Open the settings of your mobile device (e.g. iPhone or iPad) and select the menu item
            “Privacy.” Under “Advertising,” you can turn off the Ad Tracking.
In the case of Android devices: Open the settings in your App list and tap on the “Ad” button. When the Ad window has
            opened, you can deactivate the Google Advertising ID.
Opting Out of Third Party Tailored Advertising.
If you are interested in more information about tailored advertising and your choices to prevent third parties from
        delivering tailored web and mobile web advertising you may visit the following websites:
Network Advertising Initiative Consumer Opt-Out Page
or the
Digital Advertising Alliance Opt-Out Page for U.S.-based advertising
; and
Your Online Choices UK website for EU-based advertising.
In addition, if you do not want to receive tailored in-application advertisements from third parties that relate to
            your interests in apps on your mobile device, you may opt-out by adjusting the ad tracking settings on your device. You
            can also reset the “Advertising Identifier” (like an IDFA) from your mobile device’s “settings” page, which will prevent
            continued use of existing behavioral data tied to the previous “Advertising Identifier.”
Further, depending on the platform provider (such as Apple or Google), you may be able to download apps, such as
            the Digital Advertising Alliance’s “AppChoices” app, that offer to provide you with control regarding the collection and
            use of cross-app data for tailored advertising.
Please note this does not opt you out of being served ads. While you do have choices to limit personalized ads that are
          tailored to your interests, you may receive generic ads. These opt-out tools are not provided by Kongregate but provided
          by third parties.
Opting Out of Analytics.
We use internal and third party analytics tools, including Google Analytics. The third party analytics companies we work
        with may collect and store data related to our Site, enabling the creation of user profiles under pseudonyms. These user
        profiles serve to analyze visitor behavior and are evaluated in order to improve and design our offer so as to meet the
        demands. Their collection and use of information is subject to their own privacy policies. You may opt-out of Google
        Analytics by following this
link
.
Controlling Cookies.
In order to design our Services in the most user-friendly manner for you, we, as well as many other companies, also use
        persistent and session cookies and web beacons and other similar technologies. You can manage many companies’ cookies
        used for online advertising via the consumer choice tools created under self-regulation programs in many countries, such
        as the U.S.-based
aboutads.info choices
page, Canada-based
www.youradchoices.ca
or the EU-based
Your Online Choices
. If
        you do not want cookies to be stored on your computer or wish to be informed of their storage, you can prevent the
        installation of cookies by declining to accept cookies or
managing cookies in your web browser
. However, we would like
        to point out that by preventing cookies, you may find that you cannot use all of our Platform’s functions to the full
        extent. For more information on our
Cookie Policy
, please read here.
Contests, Sweepstakes and Promotions.
From time to time, we may provide you the opportunity to participate in contests, sweepstakes, surveys and/or other
        promotions on our site. If you participate, we will request certain personally identifiable information from you as
        provided in the terms of the corresponding promotion. We may use a third party service provider to conduct these surveys
        or contests; in those cases, that company will be prohibited from using our users’ personally identifiable information
        for any other purpose.
Do Not Track.
Do Not Track is a concept that has been promoted by regulatory agencies such as the U.S. Federal Trade
        Commission (FTC), for the Internet industry to develop and implement a mechanism for allowing Internet users to control
        the tracking of their online activities across websites by using browser settings. At this time, there is no general
        agreement on how companies such as ours should interpret Do Not Track signals. Kongregate does not currently respond to
        Do Not Track signals, whether that signal is received on a computer or on a mobile device. You can learn more about Do
        Not Track
here
.
7. TRANSFER OUT OF EUROPE
IMPORTANT INFORMATION FOR EUROPEAN USERS: When you use our Services, your data may be sent to the United States and
      possibly other countries.
The personal data that we collect from you may be transferred to and stored at a destination outside the European
      Economic Area (
“EEA”
) and Switzerland, including at destinations that are not subject to a decision by the European
      Commission establishing an adequate level of protection of personal data. Currently, our servers are in the United
      States. Your personal data can be shared with other companies owned by our parent company, processed by staff working
      for us or for one of our suppliers, or shared with certain third parties who may be located outside the EEA and
      Switzerland. We will take all reasonable necessary steps, including entering into data processing agreements using
      standard contractual clauses, to ensure that your personal data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy
      Policy and have adopted appropriate safeguards to protect it.
8. DATA PROTECTION OFFICER.
Kongregate is the â€œcontrollerâ€ in line with GDPR and other applicable data protection laws. Our external data protection
      officer is:
ARTANA Digital GmbH
Prof. Dr. Christian Rauda
Alstertwiete 3
20099 Hamburg, Germany
Email:
privacy@artana.law
Website:
www.artana.law
9. QUESTIONS, CONCERNS OR REQUESTS.
For questions or concerns regarding the Privacy Policy or the use of personal information you submit to us,
      please contact us at:
Kongregate Inc.
10680 Treena Street, Suite 155
San Diego, CA 92131
Email:
support@kongregate.com
To exercise any of your privacy rights, please visit our Data Subject Rights Request Form available
here
. Through this form, you can specify the nature of your request and provide any information necessary to help us process your request efficiently.
Please note that we may need to verify your identity before processing your request to ensure the security of your data. The processing time for requests may vary depending on the complexity and nature of the request but we aim to respond within one month of receiving a verified request.
THIRD PARTY ADVERTISING AND USER ACQUISITION PARTNERS
We use the following user acquisition and advertising partners, that are integrated into our Platform. Please check the following privacy policies to learn more about their privacy practices, including how you may exercise your data subject rights.
This list was last updated on July 12, 2023.
AdAction
https://www.adaction.com/privacy-policy
AdColony
https://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/
Adjust
https://www.adjust.com/terms/privacy-policy
AdMob
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Adwords
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Appier
https://www.appier.com/retargeting-privacy-policy/
Apple Search
https://searchads.apple.com/privacy
AppLovin
https://www.applovin.com/privacy/
Chartboost
https://answers.chartboost.com/en-us/articles/200780269
Facebook
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy
Fyber
https://www.fyber.com/privacy-policy/
HyprMx
https://www.hyprmx.com/pp
InMobi
https://www.inmobi.com/privacy-policy
ironSource
https://developers.is.com/ironsource-mobile/air/ironsource-mobile-privacy-policy/
Kidoz
https://kidoz.net/privacy-policy/
Liftoff
https://liftoff.io/privacy-policy/
Mintegral
https://www.mintegral.com/en/privacy/
Moloco
http://privacy.molocoads.com/
Pangle
https://www.pangleglobal.com/privacy
Persona.ly
https://persona.ly/en/privacy_policy
Super Awesome Ads
https://www.superawesome.com/privacy-hub/privacy-policy/
TapJoy
https://www.tapjoy.com/legal/#privacy-policy
Tiktok
https://www.tiktok.com/legal/privacy-policy-us?lang=en
Unity Ads
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Vungle
http://vungle.com/privacy/
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION REGARDING CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
International Data Transfers.
If you are an EU resident, we rely on certain safeguards when sharing your personal data with a recipient established outside of the EEA/EU.
Some vendors with which we share your personal data are established outside of the European Union. Principally, there are two possible safeguards we can rely on when we share your personal data with these recipients:
If a recipient is located in a country for which the European Commission has found it provides an adequate level of data protection, we rely on such a decision by the EU Commission. For recipients established in the USA we rely on the Transatlantic Data Transfer Framework, if the recipient is certified under this framework.
If a recipient is not located in a country with an adequate level of data protection according to the European Commission, we either have concluded a contract with this recipient in which we agree on rules to make sure the recipient takes adequate care of your personal data (EU Standard Contractual Clauses developed by the European Commission) or we rely on binding corporate rules of a group of undertakings or enterprises that have been approved by a supervisory authority.
Information We Collect.
Collection and Disclosure of Personal Information
The chart below details which categories of Personal Information about California residents we plan to collect, as well as which categories of Personal Information we have collected and disclosed for our operational business purposes in the preceding 12 months. We obtain the categories of personal information listed above from the following categories of sources:
Directly from users of Kongregate’s services. For example, from information that the users provide to us related to the services for which they engage us.
Directly and indirectly from activity on our website (www.Kongregate.com). For example, from submissions through our website portal or website usage details collected automatically.
From third-parties that interact with us in connection with the services we perform. For example, from vendors who provide services to us.
Use of Personal Information.
We may disclose your Personal Information to a third party for a business purpose. â€œPersonal informationâ€ means information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular you as consumer or a household. When we disclose personal information for a business purpose, we enter a contract that describes the purpose and requires the recipient to both keep that personal information confidential and not use it for any purpose except performing the contract.
Categories of Personal Information
Disclosed to Which Categories of Third Parties for Operational Business Purposes
Retention Period
Personal information
as defined in the California customer records law, such as name, contact information and government-issued ID
Affiliates, service providers, business partners in case of contest, sweepstakes, and promotion, legal authorities
Annual deletion of user accounts that have not engaged in any form of login activity over the course of at least three consecutive years.
Commercial Information
, such as transaction information and purchase history
Affiliates, service providers, business partners in case of contest, sweepstakes, and promotion, legal authorities
Annual deletion of user accounts that have not engaged in any form of login activity over the course of at least three consecutive years.
Internet or network activity information
, such as interactions with our online properties
Affiliates, service providers, business partners in case of contest, sweepstakes, and promotion, legal authorities
Annual deletion of user accounts that have not engaged in any form of login activity over the course of at least three consecutive years.
Identifiers, such as username, contact information, IP address and other online identifiers
Affiliates, service providers, business partners in case of contest, sweepstakes, and promotion, legal authorities
Annual deletion of user accounts that have not engaged in any form of login activity over the course of at least three consecutive years.
Geolocation Data
, such as approximate location derived from IP address
Affiliates, service providers, business partners in case of contest, sweepstakes, and promotion, legal authorities
Annual deletion of user accounts that have not engaged in any form of login activity over the course of at least three consecutive years.
We may use or disclose the personal information we collect for one or more of the following business purposes:
To fulfill or meet the reason for which the information is provided.
To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us.
To provide you with email alerts, event registrations and other notices concerning our products or services, or events or news, that may be of interest to you.
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collections.
To improve our website and present its contents to you.
For testing, research, analysis and product development.
As necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property or safety of us, our clients or others.
To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations.
As described to you when collecting your personal information or as otherwise set forth in the CCPA.
To evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by us is among the assets transferred.
We will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice.
We do not â€œsellâ€ and have not â€œsoldâ€ Personal Information for purposes of the CCPA in the last 12 months.
We do not process Sensitive Personal Information of yours. Sensitive personal information includes personal data that discloses:
Government-issued identification numbers like social security, driver's license, state identification card, or passport numbers.
Financial information such as account log-in, financial account, debit card, or credit card numbers when combined with security codes, passwords, or access credentials to access an account.
Precise geolocation data.
Details about racial or ethnic origin, religious or philosophical beliefs, or membership in a union.
The contents of your mail, email, and text messages, but only if the entity receiving the information is not the intended recipient.
Genetic data.
Your Rights
If you are a resident of California, you have the following rights:
Right to Delete Personal Information: You have the right to request that we delete your Personal Information. Depending on the specific case, exceptions can apply to this right, e.g., if we have to keep your information to comply with legal obligations or to ensure the freedom of expression (Section 1798.105 CCPA).
Right to Correct Inaccurate Personal Information: You have the right to request the correction of Personal Information we maintain about you (Section 1798.106 CCPA).
Right to Know What Personal Information is Being Collected: You have the right to request the following information from us (Section 1798.110 and 1798.115 CCPA):
The categories of personal information we have collected about you.
The categories of sources from which the personal information is collected.
The business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling, or sharing personal information.
The categories of third parties to whom we disclose personal information.
The specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.
The categories of personal information that we sold or shared about you and the categories of third parties to whom the personal information was sold or shared, by category or categories of personal information for each category of third parties to whom the personal information was sold or shared.
The categories of personal information that we disclosed about you for a business purpose and the categories of persons to whom it was disclosed for a business purpose.
Right to Opt-Out of Sale and Sharing: We do not sell your Personal Information. We share your Personal Information with advertising partners to show you ads that might be more interesting to you. You have the right to opt out of any sale or sharing of your Personal Information (Section 1798.120 CCPA). Please see Section (Opting Out of Promotional Emails from Kongregate) of this Privacy Policy on how to do this.
Right to Limit the Use and Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information: Even though we do not process Sensitive Personal Information of yours, we’d like to also inform you that you principally have the right to limit the use or disclosure of your Sensitive Personal Information should we be using such data of yours beyond what is reasonable and proportionate to provide the requested services or other purposes permitted by the CCPA (Section 1798.121 CCPA).
Right of No Retaliation Following Opt Out or Exercise of Other Rights: If you exercise your CCPA rights, you have the right that we do not unlawfully treat you in a detrimental way (Section 1798.152 CCPA). Please note though, that depending on your request, features within our game might not work the same way as they would have without
your request (e.g., if you want to see ads that might interest you more).
Data Subject Rights (GDPR)
If the GDPR applies when you use our Services, you have certain rights which you can find listed below. If the GDPR does not apply when you use our Services (e.g., you reside in the USA), these rights do not necessarily apply.
Right of information:
You have the right to be provided information regarding the processing of your personal data by us, in accordance with Art. 13 and 14 GDPR.
Right of access:
You have the right to obtain confirmation as to whether we are processing your personal data and, if this should be the case, access to the personal data, in accordance with Art. 15 GDPR.
Right to rectification:
You have the right to obtain rectification of inaccurate or incomplete personal data concerning you, in accordance with Art. 16 GDPR.
Right to erasure (“right to be forgotten”):
Under certain circumstances you have the right to obtain the erasure of personal data concerning you, in accordance with Art. 17 GDPR.
Right to restriction:
Under certain circumstances you have the right to obtain the restriction of processing, in accordance with Art. 18 GDPR.
Right to data portability:
Under certain circumstances you have the right to receive the personal data concerning you, which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and the right to transmit this data to another controller, in accordance with Art. 20 GDPR.
Right to object:
Under certain circumstances you have the right to object to the processing of personal data concerning you, in accordance with Art. 21 GDPR. This includes but is not limited to the right to object in cases in which we process your personal data on the legal basis of Art. 6 para. 1 let. f) GDPR.
Right to lodge a complaint:
You have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the Member State of the EU of your habitual residence, place of work or place of the alleged infringement if you consider that the processing of personal data relating to you infringes the GDPR, as set out in Art. 77 GDPR.
Right to withdraw consent:
If a processing of your personal data is based on your consent as set out in Art. 6 para. 1 let. a) GDPR or Art. 9 para. 2 let. a) GDPR, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time, in accordance with Art. 7 para. 3 GDPR. Such withdrawal does not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
Right to not be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing:
You have the right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects concerning you or similarly significantly affects you, as set out in Art. 22 para 1 GDPR.
To make a request for the disclosures or deletion described above, please contact us at privacy@kongregate.com or
use this form
. You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period.
CCPA Metrics Report.
Request type
Quantity
Stage
Status
Deletion Request
1682
Complete
Completed request
Deletion Request
5363
Incomplete
Incomplete due to: Incomplete/partial data, Request for more information, Failed to verify identity
Access Request
130
Complete
Completed request
Access Request
619
Incomplete
Incomplete due to: Incomplete/partial data, Request for more information, Failed to verify identity
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/update:
Facebook
Email or phone
Password
Forgot account?
Create new account
It looks like you were misusing this feature by going too fast. You’ve been temporarily blocked from using it.
Back
English (US)
Gaeilge
Polski
Lietuvių
Português (Brasil)
Русский
Română
Español
Français (France)
Deutsch
Italiano
Meta © 2025
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to help provide and improve content on
Meta Products
. We also use them to provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and to provide and improve Meta Products for people who have an account.
Essential cookies: These cookies are required to use Meta Products and are necessary for our sites to work as intended.
Cookies from other companies: We use these cookies to show you ads off of Meta Products and to provide features like maps and videos on Meta Products. These cookies are optional.
You have control over the optional cookies we use. Learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choices at any time in our
Cookies Policy
.
About cookies
What are cookies?
Learn more
Why do we use cookies?
Learn more
What are Meta Products?
Learn more
Your cookie choices
Learn more
Cookies from other companies
We use cookies from
other companies
in order to show you ads off of our Products, and provide features like maps, payment services and video.
Choose cookies by category
How we use these cookies
If you allow these cookies
If you don't allow these cookies
Other ways you can control your information
Manage your ad experience in Accounts Center
More information about online advertising
Controlling cookies with browser settings
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Sub-policy 1
https://twitter.com/privacy:
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
Privacy Settings
Privacy Center
Help Center
Policy Archive
Download PDF
X Privacy Policy
Effective: November 15, 2024
Before you scroll, read this
It’s really hard to make everyone happy with a Privacy Policy. Most people who use X want something short and easy to understand. While we wish we could fit everything you need to know into a post, our regulators ask us to meet our legal obligations by describing them all in a lot of detail.
With that in mind, we’ve written our Privacy Policy as simply as possible to empower you to make informed decisions when you use X by making sure you understand and have control over the information we collect, how it’s used, and when it’s shared.
So if you skip reading every word of the Privacy Policy, at least know this:
X is a public platform
Learn what’s viewable & searchable
We collect some data
about you
Learn what we collect & how
Affiliate services may have their own policies
Learn about affiliates
We use your data to make X better
Learn how we make your info work
You can control your experience
Learn how to update your settings
If you have questions about how we use data, just ask
Learn how to contact us
Privacy Policy
1. Information We Collect
2. How We Use Information
3. Sharing Information
4. How Long We Keep Information
5. Take Control
6. Your Rights and Ours
7. X's Audience
8. Changes To This Privacy Policy
9. General
10. How To Contact X
Privacy Policy
1. Information We Collect
2. How We Use Information
3. Sharing Information
4. How Long We Keep Information
5. Take Control
6. Your Rights and Ours
7. X's Audience
8. Changes To This Privacy Policy
9. General
10. How To Contact X
1. Information We Collect
The information we collect when you use X falls into three categories.
1.1 Information you provide us.
To use some of our products and services you need to have an account, and to create an account, you need to provide us certain information. Likewise, if you use our paid products and services, we cannot provide them to you without getting payment information. Basically, certain information is necessary if you want to use many of our products and services.
Personal Accounts.
If you create an account, you must provide us with some information so that we can provide our services to you. This includes a display name (for example, “Creators”); a username (for example, @XCreators); a password; an email address or phone number; a date of birth; your display language; and third-party single sign-in information (if you choose this sign-in method). You can also choose to share your location in your profile and posts, and to upload your address book to X to help find people you may know. Your profile information, which includes your display name and username, is always public, but you can use either your real name or a pseudonym. And remember, you can create multiple X accounts, for example, to express different parts of your identity, professional or otherwise.
Professional Accounts.
If you create a
professional account
, you also need to provide us with a professional category, and may provide us with other information, including street address, contact email address, and contact phone number, all of which will always be public.
Payment Information.
In order to purchase ads or other offerings provided as part of our paid products and services you will need to provide us payment information, including your credit or debit card number, card expiration date, CVV code, and billing address.
Preferences.
When you set your preferences using your
settings
, we collect that information so that we can respect your preferences.
Biometric Information.
Based on your consent, we may collect and use your biometric information for safety, security, and identification purposes.
Job Applications / Recommendations.
We may collect and use your personal information (such as your biographical information, employment history, educational history, employment preferences, skills and abilities, and job search activity and engagement, in addition to the information we already collect as disclosed in the “Information we collect when you use X” section of our Privacy Policy below) to recommend potential jobs to you, to share with potential employers when you apply for a job, to enable connections for professional opportunities, and to show you more relevant advertising.
1.2 Information we collect when you use X.
When you use our services, we collect information about how you use our products and services. We use that information to provide you with products and services, to help keep X more secure and respectful for everyone, and more relevant to you.
Usage Information.
We collect information about your activity on X, including:
Posts and other content you post (including the date, application, and version of X) and information about your broadcast activity (e.g., Spaces), including broadcasts you’ve created and when you created them, your lists, bookmarks, and Communities you are a part of.
Your interactions with other users’ content, such as reposts, likes, bookmarks, shares, downloads, replies, if other users mention or tag you in content or if you mention or tag them, and broadcasts you’ve participated in (including your viewing history, listening, commenting, speaking, and reacting).
How you interact with others on the platform, such as people you follow and people who follow you, metadata related to
Encrypted Messages
, and when you use
Direct Messages
, including the contents of the messages, the recipients, and date and time of messages.
If you communicate with us, such as through email, we will collect information about the communication and its content.
We collect information on links you interact with across our services (including in our emails sent to you).
Purchase and payments.
To allow you to make a payment or send money using X features or services, including through an intermediary, we may receive information about your transaction such as when it was made, when a subscription is set to expire or auto-renew, and amounts paid or received.
Device Information.
We collect information from and about the devices you use to access X, including:
Information about your connection, such as your IP address, browser type, and related information.
Information about your device and its settings, such as device and advertising ID, operating system, carrier, language, memory, apps installed, and battery level.
Your device address book, if you’ve chosen to share it with us.
Location Information.
When you use X, we collect some information about your approximate location to provide the service you expect, including showing you relevant ads. You can also choose to share your current precise location or places where you’ve previously used X by enabling these settings in your account.
Inferred Identity.
We may collect or receive information that we use to infer your identity as detailed below:
When you sign into X on a browser or device, we will associate that browser or device with your account. Subject to your settings, we may also associate your account with browsers or devices other than those you use to sign into X (or associate your signed-out device or browser with other browsers or devices or X-generated identiﬁers).
When you provide other information to X, including an email address or phone number, we associate that information with your X account. Subject to your settings, we may also use this information in order to infer other information about your identity, for example by associating your account with hashes of email addresses that share common components with the email address you have provided to X.
When you access X and are not signed in, we may infer your identity based on the information we collect.
Log Information.
We may receive information when you view content on or otherwise interact with our products and services, even if you have not created an account or are signed out, such as:
IP address and related information; browser type and language; operating system; the referring webpage; access times; pages visited; location; your mobile carrier; device information (including device and application IDs); search terms and IDs (including those not submitted as queries); ads shown to you on X; X-generated identiﬁers; and identiﬁers associated with cookies. We also receive log information when you click on, view, or interact with links on our services, including when you install another application through X.
Advertisements.
When you view or interact with ads we serve on or oﬀ X, we may collect information about those views or interactions (e.g., watching a video ad or preroll, clicking on an ad, interacting with reposts of or replies to an ad).
Cookies and similar technologies.
Like many websites, we use cookies and similar technologies to collect additional website usage data and to operate our services. Cookies are not required for many parts of our products and services such as searching and looking at public proﬁles. You can learn more about how we use cookies and similar technologies
here
.
Interactions with our content on third-party sites.
When you view our content on third-party websites that integrate X content, such as embedded timelines or post buttons, we may receive log information that includes the web page you visited.
1.3 Information we receive from third parties.
When you use other online products and services, they may share information about that usage with us.
Ad Partners, Developers, Publishers.
Our ad and business partners share information with us such as browser cookie IDs, X-generated identifiers,
mobile device IDs, hashed user information like email addresses, demographic or interest data, and content viewed or actions taken on a website or app. Some of our ad partners, particularly our advertisers, also enable us to collect similar information directly from their website or app by integrating our advertising technology. Information shared by ad partners and affiliates or collected by X from the websites and apps of ad partners and affiliates may be combined with the other information you share with X and that X receives,
generates, or infers
about you described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy.
Other Third Parties, Account Connections, and Integrations.
We may receive information about you from third parties who are not our ad partners, such as other X users, developers, and partners who help us evaluate the safety and quality of content on our platform, our
corporate affiliates
, and other services you link to your X account. You may choose to connect your X account to your account on another service, and that other service may send us information about your account on that service.
2. How We Use Information
Breaking down how we use the information we collect is not simple because of the way the systems that bring our services to you work. For example, the same piece of information may be used differently for different purposes to ultimately deliver a single service. We think it’s most useful to describe the five main ways we use information and if you have questions that are not answered, you can always
contact us
. Here we go:
2.1 Operate, improve, and personalize our services.
We use the information we collect to provide and operate X products and services. We also use the information we collect to improve and personalize our products and services so that you have a better experience on X, including by showing you more relevant content and ads, suggesting people and topics to follow, enabling and helping you discover
affiliates
, third-party apps, and services. We may use the information we collect and publicly available information to help train our machine learning or artificial intelligence models for the purposes outlined in this policy.
We may use the information we collect from accounts of other services that you choose to connect to your X account to provide you features like cross-posting or cross-service authentication, and to operate our services.
We use your contact information to help others find your account if your settings permit, including through third-party services and client applications.
We use your information to provide our advertising and sponsored content services subject to your
settings
, which helps make ads on X more relevant to you. We also use this information to measure the effectiveness of ads and to help recognize your devices to serve you ads on and off of X. Some of our ad partners also enable us to collect similar information directly from their website or app by integrating our advertising technology. Information shared by ad partners and affiliates or collected by X from the websites and apps of ad partners and affiliates may be combined with the other information you share with X and that X receives, generates, or infers about you, as described elsewhere in our Privacy Policy.
2.2  Foster safety and security.
We use information we collect to provide for the safety and security of our users, our products, services, and your account. This includes verifying your identity, authenticating your account, and defending against fraud, unauthorized use, and illegal activity. We also use the information to evaluate and affect the safety and quality of content on X - this includes investigating and enforcing our policies and and terms, as well as applicable law.
2.3 Measure, analyze and make our services better.
We use the information we collect to measure and analyze the effectiveness of our products and services and to better understand how you use them in order to make them better.
2.4 Communicate with you about our services.
We use the information we collect to communicate with you about our products and services, including about product updates and changes to our policies and terms. If you’re open to hearing from us, we may also send you marketing messages from time to time.
2.5 Research.
We use information you share with us, or that we collect to conduct research, surveys, product testing, and troubleshooting to help us operate and improve our products and services.
3. Sharing Information
You should know the ways we share your information, why we share it, and how you can control it. There are five general ways we share your information.
3.1 When you post and share.
With the general public
. You are directing us to disclose that information as broadly as possible. X content, including your profile information (e.g., name/pseudonym, username, profile pictures), is available for viewing by the general public. The public does not need to be signed in to view some content on X. They may also find X content off of X: for example, from search query results on Internet search engines or videos downloaded and reshared elsewhere (depending on your
settings
).
With other X users.
Depending on your
settings
, and based on the X products and services you use, we share:
Your interactions with X content of other users, such as replies, and people you follow.
Content you send to a specific X user, such as through
Direct Messages
. Please keep in mind that if you’ve shared information like Direct Messages or protected posts with someone else who accesses X through a third-party service, the information may be shared with the third-party service.
With partners.
Depending on your
settings
, we also provide certain third parties with information to help us offer or operate our products and services. You can learn more about these partnerships in our
Help Center
. You can control whether X shares your personal information with these partners by using the “Data sharing with business partners” option in your
Privacy & Safety settings
. (This setting does not control sharing described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, such as when we share information with our service providers, or through partnerships other than as described in this
Help Center
article.)
3.2 With third parties & third-party integrations.
With service providers.
We may share your information with our
service providers
that perform functions and provide services on our behalf, including payment services providers who facilitate payments; service providers that host our various blogs and wikis; service providers that help us understand the use of our services; applicant tracking system providers to send and receive applicant and job data to potential employers; and those that provide fraud detection services.
With advertisers.
Advertising revenue enables us to provide our products and services. Advertisers may learn information from your engagement with their ads on or off X. For example, if you click on an external link or ad on our services, that advertiser or website operator might figure out that you came from X, along with other information associated with the ad you clicked, such as characteristics of the audience it was intended to reach and other X-generated identifiers for that ad. They may also collect other personal information from you, such as cookie identifiers, or your IP address.
Third-party content & integrations.
We share or disclose your information with your consent or at your direction, such as when you
authorize a third-party web client or application
to access your account or when you direct us to share your feedback with a business. Similarly, to improve your experience, we work with third-party partners to display their video content on X or to allow cross-platform sharing. When you watch or otherwise interact with content from our video or cross-platform sharing partners, they may receive and process your personal information as described in their privacy policies. For video content, you can adjust your
autoplay settings
if you prefer that content not to play automatically.
Third-party collaborators.
Depending on your
settings
, or if you decide to share your data, we may share or disclose your information with third parties. If you do not opt out, in some instances the recipients of the information may use it for their own independent purposes in addition to those stated in X’s Privacy Policy, including, for example, to train their artificial intelligence models, whether generative or otherwise.
Through our APIs.
We use technology like
APIs
and embeds to make public X information available to websites, apps, and others for their use, for example, displaying posts on a news website or analyzing what people say on X. We generally make this content available in limited quantities for free and charge licensing fees for large-scale access. We have
standard terms
that govern how this information can be used, and a compliance program to enforce these terms. But these individuals and companies are not affiliated with X, and their offerings may not reflect updates you make on X. For more information about how we make public data on X available to the world, visit
https://developer.x.com
.
3.3 When required by law, to prevent harm, or in the public interest.
We may preserve, use, share, or disclose your information if we believe that it is reasonably necessary to:
comply with a law, regulation,
legal process, or governmental request
;
protect the safety of any person, protect the safety or integrity of our platform, including to help prevent spam, abuse, or malicious actors on our services;
explain why we have removed content or accounts from our services (e.g., for a violation of
our Rules
);
address fraud, security, or technical issues; or
protect our rights or property, or the rights or property of those who use our services.
We may also use different signals and your data to infer, preserve, use, share, or disclose your age and identity information in order to comply with regulatory requirements as well as for safety, security, fraud, know-your-customer, know-your-business, and identity verification, as the case may be. We may also share or disclose your age and identity information with our partners, service providers, and others for these purposes.
3.4 With our Affiliates.
We may share information amongst our
affiliates
to provide our products and services.
3.5 As a result of a change in ownership.
We may share, sell, or transfer information about you in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization, sale of assets, or bankruptcy. This Privacy Policy will apply to your personal information that is shared with (before and after the close of any transaction) or transferred to the new entity.
4. How Long We Keep Information
We keep different types of information for different periods of time, depending on how long we need to retain it in order to provide you with our products and services, to comply with our legal requirements and for safety and security reasons. For example:
We keep your profile information, such as your display name, user name, password and email address for the duration of your account. We cannot provide you with our products and services without retaining this information.
We keep your usage information, such as the content you post, your interactions with other users’ content and how you interact with others on the platform for the duration of your account or until such content is removed.
We keep your payment information, including your credit or debit card number and billing address for the duration you use our paid products and services. Records of transactions will be kept for longer, in accordance with applicable law.
If you communicate with us, such as through email, we will keep information about the communication and its content for up to 18 months, unless it is necessary for us to retain it for a longer period to comply with our legal obligations or to exercise or defend our legal rights.
We generally collect device information, location information, inferred identity information and log information using cookies. We keep cookies and information collected using cookies for up to 13 months. You can learn more about how we use cookies and similar technologies
here
.
We keep information about your views or interactions with ads on or off X, as well as how you interact with our content on third-party sites for up to 90 days.
We keep information shared by ad and business partners for up to 90 days.
Where you violate our Rules and your account is suspended, we may keep the identifiers you used to create the account (such as your email address or phone number) indefinitely to prevent repeat policy offenders from creating new accounts.
We may need to keep certain information longer than our policies specify in order to comply with legal requirements and for safety and security reasons. For example:
To comply with a law, regulation, legal process or governmental request.
Including in order to adhere to a legally appropriate preservation request made by law enforcement. You can read more about law enforcement access
here
.
In connection with legal claims, litigation and regulatory matters.
Including where it is reasonably necessary to retain information relating to your account in order to defend X against legal claims.
To maintain the safety and security of our products and services.
Including where it is necessary to store your information longer in order to investigate and fight abuse on our products and services.
Remember public content can exist elsewhere even after it is removed from X. For example, search engines and other third parties may retain copies of your posts longer, based upon their own privacy policies, even after they are deleted or expire on X. You can read more about search visibility
here
.
5. Take Control
5.1 Access, Correction, Portability.
You can access, correct, or modify the information you provided to us by editing your profile and adjusting your account
settings
.
You can learn more about the information we have collected or inferred about you in
Your X Data
and request access to additional information
here
.
You can download a copy of your information, such as your posts, by following the instructions
here
.
To protect your privacy and maintain security, we take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to your personal information or complying with a deletion, portability, or other related request. We may, in certain situations, reject your request for access, correction, or portability, for example, we may reject access where you are unable to verify your identity.
5.2 Deleting your Information.
If you follow the instructions
here
, your account will be deactivated and your data will be queued for deletion. When deactivated, your X account, including your display name, username, and public profile, will no longer be viewable on X.com, X for iOS, and X for Android. For up to 30 days after deactivation it is still possible to restore your X account if it was accidentally or wrongfully deactivated.
5.3 Objecting to, Restricting, or Withdrawing your Consent.
You can manage your privacy settings and other account features
here
. If you change your settings it may take some time for your choices to be fully reflected throughout our systems. You may also notice changes in your X experience or limitations in your ability to access certain features depending on the settings you’ve adjusted. You may also manage additional settings when interacting with certain content and features on different parts of the platform, such as whether a
Space
is recorded, or whether
videos you upload
are downloadable by others.
5.4 Authorized Agent Requests.
To submit a request related to access, modification, or deletion of your information, or someone else’s information if you are their authorized agent, you may also contact us as specified in the How To Contact X section of our Privacy Policy below. We may require you to provide additional information for verification.
6. Your Rights and Ours
We provide X to people all over the world and provide many of the same privacy tools and controls to all of our users regardless of where they live. However, your experience may be slightly different than users in other countries to ensure X respects local requirements.
6.1 We have specific legal bases to use your information.
X has carefully considered the legal reasons it is permitted to collect, use, share and otherwise process your information. If you want to dig in to learn more and better understand the nuances, we’d encourage you to check out
this additional information about data processing
. And no, we don’t sell your personal information.
6.2 We move your data to make X work for you.
Just as you use X to seamlessly participate in global conversations with people in countries all over the world, X must move information across borders and to different countries around the world to support the safe and reliable service you depend on. For example, if you live in Europe and are having a conversation with someone in the United States, information has to move between those countries to provide that experience – it’s what you expect from us.
We also use data centers and cloud providers, and engage
our affiliates
and third-party partners and
service providers
located in many parts of the world to help us provide our services. Before we move data between countries we look at the risks that may be presented to the data and rely on
standard contractual clauses
(SCCs), where applicable, to ensure your data rights are protected. To request a copy of the SCCs, please contact us
here
. If data will be shared with a third party, we require them to maintain the same protections over your data that we provide directly.
X is a
participant
in the EU-US Data Privacy Framework (DPF), the Swiss-US DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-US DPF. X complies with the DPF Principles for all its processing of personal data received from the European Union, Switzerland and the UK, in reliance on the EU-US DPF, Swiss-US DPF and UK Extension to the EU-US DPF, respectively. If you have an inquiry or complaint related to our participation in the DPF, please contact us
here
. As part of our participation in the DPF, if you have a dispute with us about our adherence to the DPF Principles, we will seek to resolve it through our internal complaint resolution process, alternatively through the US-based independent dispute resolution body
JAMS
, and under certain conditions, through the DPF Arbitration Process following the procedures and subject to the conditions described in
Annex 1
to the DPF Principles. DPF participants are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the US Federal Trade Commission and other authorized statutory bodies. Under certain circumstances, participants may be liable for the transfer of personal data from the EU, Switzerland and the UK to third parties outside the EU, Switzerland and the UK. Learn more about the EU-US DPF, the Swiss-US DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-US DPF
here
.
7. X's Audience
8. Changes To This Privacy Policy
The most current version of this Privacy Policy governs our processing of your personal data and we may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time as needed.
If we do revise this Privacy Policy and make changes that are determined by us to be material, we will provide you notice and an opportunity to review the revised Privacy Policy before you continue to use X.
9. General
The X Privacy Policy is written in English but is made available in multiple languages through translations. X strives to make the translations as accurate as possible to the original English version. However, in case of any discrepancies or inconsistencies, the English language version of the X Privacy Policy shall take precedence. You acknowledge that English shall be the language of reference for interpreting and constructing the terms of the X Privacy Policy.
10. How To Contact X
We want to hear from you if you have thoughts or questions about this Privacy Policy. You can contact us via our
Privacy Policy Inquiries
page or by writing to us at the appropriate address below.
Information about our handling of California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) requests is available
here
. Information about our handling of “Consumer Health Data” and associated requests as defined under Washington State’s My Health My Data Act and other similar state laws is available
here
.
If you live in the United States or any other country outside of the European Union, EFTA States, or the United Kingdom, the data controller responsible for your personal data is X Corp., with an address of:
X Corp.
Attn: Privacy Policy Inquiry
865 FM 1209, Building 2
Bastrop, TX 78602
If you live in the European Union, EFTA States, or the United Kingdom, the data controller responsible for your personal data is Twitter International Unlimited Company, with an address of:
Twitter International Unlimited Company
Attn: Data Protection Officer
One Cumberland Place, Fenian Street
Dublin 2, D02 AX07 IRELAND
If you live in Switzerland, you can also contact our appointed representative at the following address:
Twitter Switzerland GmbH
Attn: Data Protection Officer
c/o Wasag Treuhand AG
Bolligenstrasse 18
Bern, 3006, SWITZERLAND
If you wish to raise a concern about our
data processing practices
, you have the right to do so with your local supervisory authority or Twitter International Unlimited Company’s lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission, using the
contact details
listed on their website.
View previous policies
Take control of your privacy
Adjust your settings
Did someone say … cookies?
X and its partners use cookies to provide you with a better, safer and
  faster service and to support our business. Some cookies are necessary to use
  our services, improve our services, and make sure they work properly.
Show more about your choices
.
Accept all cookies
Refuse non-essential cookies
Sub-policy 2
https://www.kongregate.com/pages/childrens-privacy?external-link=true:
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY POLICY
PURPOSE:
We, at Kongregate Inc. (
“Kongregate,”
the
“Company,”
“we”
or
“us”
), are committed to respecting your privacy and the
          integrity and security of your personal information, and especially the privacy of Children who use our Site and certain
          of our Apps which Kongregate has designated as directed to Children (collectively, our
“Children-Appealing Games”
).
          While almost all of our Services, Platform and 3rd Party Platform Games are generally designed for and directed at
          people 18 years of age or older, we have a handful of Children-Appealing Games, for which this Children’s Privacy Policy
          applies.
This Children’s Privacy Policy explains our information collection, disclosure, and parental consent practices
          with respect to information provided by children under the age of 13 within the United States (or up to the age of 16
          for children located in certain European countries)(each, a
“Child,”
or collectively,
“Children”
) and uses terms that
          are defined in our general
Privacy Policy
.
This Children’s Privacy Policy is in accordance with the U.S. Children’s
          Online Privacy Protection Act (
“COPPA”
), among other applicable privacy laws, and outlines our practices regarding
          children’s personal information in the United States and other applicable regions.
As the data controller of certain of
          your personal information, through this Privacy Policy, we want you to know how we handle it, how we use it, process it
          and/or share it, as well as the ways in which you can protect your own privacy.
SCOPE:
The Children’s Privacy Policy applies to any and all end users of Kongregate’s Services who are Children.
Each of
www.kongregate.com
,
www.kartridge.com
,
          and all other sites or online services that are owned or operated by Kongregate currently or in the future is a
“Site,”
and collectively, the
“Sites.”
Each mobile game
          published or
          operated by Kongregate currently or in the future is an
“App,”
and collectively, the
“Apps,”
(and together with the
          Sites, the
“Platform”
). Each Kongregate game that can be played through third party
          platforms, e.g., via consoles, PCs
          and/or social media sites such as Facebook is a
“3rd Party Platform Games.”
By visiting our Sites, using the Apps, playing 3rd Party Platform Games or otherwise access any of our other products,
          services or content through any of our Platform or through 3rd Party Platform Games (collectively,
“Services”
), you
          agree to and accept this Privacy Policy, our
Cookie Policy
(which is incorporated into the Privacy Policy) and our
Terms of
          Service.
(of which the Privacy Policy is a part).
Updates to Children’s Privacy Policy.
We reserve the right to amend this Children’s Privacy Policy at our discretion and at any time. When any changes are made, we will try to provide
          reasonable notice and will post the updated version on the Platform. We may also send an email or provide notice within
          some or all of our Services when this Privacy Policy changes. If we make a material change to the collection and use of personal information, we will post notice or send an email prior to making the change. Each time a user accesses our Services, the Platform or 3rd
          Party Platform Games, the then current version of the Privacy Policy applies, and you agree that the information we
          collect will be subject to the Children’s Privacy Policy, as updated.
Should you have any questions about the changes, you are welcome to contact us at please contact us at 1-800-678-2319 or at
support@kongregate.com
.
If you do not agree with the changes, then unfortunately, we must ask you to cease using our Platform and/or Services, as we must have all
          users under the same terms in order to provide equitable Services to all.
REFERENCE:
Certification Program.
Kids Privacy Assured by PRIVO: COPPA Safe Harbor Certification
Kongregate, Inc is a member of the PRIVO Kids Privacy Assured COPPA safe harbor certification Program (â€œthe Programâ€). The Program certification applies to the following digital properties listed on the certification page that is viewable by clicking on the PRIVO Seal (Maleficent Free Fall, Inside Out Thought Bubbles, and Where’s My Water? 2). PRIVO is an independent, third-party organization committed to supporting online services to safeguard children’s personal information collected online. The PRIVO COPPA safe harbor certification Seal posted on this page indicates Kongregate, Inc has established COPPA compliant privacy practices and has agreed to submit to PRIVO’s oversight and consumer dispute resolution process. If you have questions or concerns about our privacy practices, please contact us at support@kongregate.com. If you have further concerns after you have contacted us, you can contact PRIVO directly at privacy@privo.com.
EFFECTIVE DATE:
September 17, 2020
LAST UPDATED:
February 10, 2024
LAST REVIEWED:
February 10, 2024
TABLE OF CONTENTS
WHAT INFORMATION WE COLLECT FROM CHILDREN
HOW WE USE PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED
WITH WHOM WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA FROM CHILDREN
PARENTAL CHOICES AND CONTROLS
HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION
QUESTIONS, CONCERNS OR REQUESTS
1. WHAT INFORMATION WE COLLECT FROM CHILDREN
Children can, in many cases, register with Children-Appealing Games to view content and play games, among other
      things. During the registration process, we may ask Children to provide certain information for notification and security purposes, including, the child’s age, the child’s username and password. We also may ask for birth years from Children to validate their ages.
We strongly advise Children never to provide any personal information in their usernames. Please note that Children can
      choose whether to share their information with us, but certain features cannot function without it. As a result,
      Children may not be able to access certain features if required information has not been provided.
In any instance that we collect personal information from Children, we will retain that information only so long as
      reasonably necessary to fulfill the activity request or allow Children to continue to participate in the activity, and
      ensure the security of our users and our Services, or as required by law. In the event we discover we have collected
      information from Children in a manner inconsistent with COPPA’s requirements, we will either delete the information or
      immediately seek the parent’s consent for that collection.
When registering or using the Children-Appealing Games, you or your Child may submit, or we may automatically collect,
      any or all of the following information:
Profile information such as user name and password to protect the account;
In any instance where we ask for age and determine the user is under 13, we will provide parental notice and/or obtain
        parental consent as required by COPPA should we collect any additional information e.g. the email address of a parent or other legal guardian;
Contact information if you or your child reaches out to us;
Postal address and limited and tokenized payment information may be collected when uploading a game, or making a
        purchase;
Persistent identifiers, i.e., device and network identifiers such as IP address, mobile advertising ID, media access
        control (MAC) address, and identifiers associated with browser cookies, web beacons and similar technologies (which we
        further describe in our
Cookie Policy
);
Internet or other electronic network activity information, such as your Internet service provider (ISP), browser type
        and operating system version, language settings, access times, pages viewed, the routes by which you access the
        Services, and your use of any hyperlinks available within the Services.
2. HOW WE USE PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED
We collect and use information about you or your child for the following purposes, including to:
For the sake of our CONTRACTUAL RELATIONSHIP
as necessary to perform and fulfill certain obligations under the
Terms of
          Service
:
For the provision of our Services to you or your Child, including to register and manage the account, provide or improve
            customer service, fulfill your requests, improve the experience of our Services and to administer our contractual
            relationship with you or your Child;
To ensure that the content from our Services is transmitted to you or your Child and the device in the most efficient
            way;
To handle payments for your Child’s account;
To communicate with you regarding your Child’s account or the purchase of our Services;
To send mobile push notifications to your Child, to which you have consented;
To notify you about changes to our Services;
To provide offers, news, information, products or services that you request from us.
For our LEGITIMATE INTERESTS
of developing, administering, protecting and marketing our Services as well as from a
          business and strategic management perspective:
To operate, improve and optimize our Services for the benefit of our users;
To provide technical support and respond to inquiries;
To better understand how users interact with our Platform and to personalize our Services;
To use IP address, device identifiers or other information necessary to block disruptive use or services, for the reason
            of protecting our Services or otherwise enforcing or applying our
Terms of
            Service
;
For research, analyzing and statistical purposes;
To enhance the security of our network and information systems;
To protect against fraud, unauthorized transactions, claims and other liabilities;
To manage exposure to risk from unauthorized users;
To provide information in a change of control or mergers and acquisitions processes or for the reasons of business and
            strategic management; and/or
For the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
When we process data for our legitimate business purposes, we will always consider your personal data rights in high
          regard, take account of your rights and proceed only when our interests are not overridden by your interests or rights.
          You have the right to object to this processing, but please bear in mind that if you object, this may affect our ability
          to carry out tasks above for your benefit.
We may also process or share your personal data if it is reasonably necessary for us
to comply with a LEGAL OBLIGATION
or in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement
          requirements.
3. WITH WHOM WE MAY SHARE INFORMATION COLLECTED FROM CHILDREN
Kongregate does not sell personal information collected from Children or teens we know to be under the age of 16. We do
      not share email addresses with third parties for the purpose of sending their own emails to you without your consent.
      When we disclose personal information for a business purpose, we enter a data processing agreement that describes the
      purpose and requires the recipient to both keep that personal information confidential and not use it for any purpose
      except performing the Services for which we have agreed upon.
We may share or disclose personal information collected from Children in a limited number of instances, including the
      following:
Service Providers.
We share information with our service providers, who are unaffiliated companies or individuals we
        hire or work with, that perform services on our behalf, including customer support, payment processors, or others who
        assist us in fulfilling orders or transactions, web hosting, information technology, and analytics services.
Third Parties for Security or Other Legitimate Reasons.
We may also disclose your personal data to third parties, if we
        reasonably believe that disclosure of such personal data is necessary: (i) to comply with valid legal obligations
        including subpoenas, court orders, governmental requests or search warrants, and as otherwise authorized by law; (ii) to
        protect our rights, property, or the safety of our customers, employees or the general public; (iii) to protect against
        fraudulent, malicious, abusive, unauthorized or unlawful use of our Services and to protect our network, services,
        devices and users from such use; (iv) to advance or defend against complaints or legal claims; (v) to determine credit
        risk, for reporting purposes or to obtain payment for our Services; and (vi) to outside auditors and regulators.
Intra-Group Transfers.
We may disclose your personal data to other companies within our parent company if it is
        necessary for administrative purposes or the provision of our Services to you. If you have agreed thereto, we may also
        disclose your personal data to affiliate companies owned or operated by our parent company for marketing purposes. The
        affiliate companies who may have access to your personal data follow practices consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Corporate Transaction, Reorganization or Bankruptcy.
In the event of a change of control, sale of some or all of our
        business or assets, corporate reorganization or bankruptcy, we would share the pertinent customer information (which may
        include your personal information) with the other business entity (or entities) involved in the transaction. In such an
        event, we would notify you via email and/or a prominent notice on our Platform of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information,
        as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information.
Legal Compliance.
We may disclose information upon governmental request, in response to a court order, or when required
        by law to do so. We may also share information with companies assisting in fraud protection, legal compliance or
        investigations. We do not provide information to these agencies or companies for marketing or commercial purposes.
In the event we collect (or allow others to collect) information from Children on our Site or Children-Appealing Games
      for other purposes that those identified above, we will notify parents and obtain consent prior to such collection.
Visit the
Third Party Operators
page to see the list of third-party operators who collect persistent identifiers on our sites and applications. This list may be amended at our discretion and at any time.
If you or your parent have any questions about our use of service providers and their collection and use practices in relation to children please contact us at
support@kongregate.com
.
4. PARENTAL CHOICES AND CONTROLS
At any time, parents can refuse to permit us to collect further personal information from their children in
      association with a particular account, and can request that we delete from our records the personal information we have
      collected in connection with that account. Please keep in mind that a request to delete records may lead to a
      termination of an account, membership, or other service.
Parents can contact us at 1-800-678-2319 or at
support@kongregate.com
to request access to, change, or delete their
      child’s personal information. A valid request to delete personal information will be accommodated within a reasonable
      time.
In any correspondence such as e-mail or mail, please include the child’s username and the parent’s email address and/or
      telephone number. To protect children’s privacy and security, we will take reasonable steps to help verify a parent’s
      identity before granting access to any personal information.
We do not sell personal information collected by or from any Service or portion of a Service that is directed to
      Children or where we know that the user is a Child or a teen under 16 in certain countries within the EU. For the
      portions of our Services that are directed to audiences older than 13, we do not sell identifying information such as
      name, email address, phone number, or postal address, but we may share identifiers such as cookies and the advertising
      identifier associated with your mobile device with our advertising partners, and those partners may use and share those
      identifiers to show ads that are targeted to your interests.
5. HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION
We strive to maintain the security of your personal information through a variety of security measures. Safeguarding your personal data is a priority for us. Personal data that you provide to us is stored on secure servers, and we use rigorous procedures to protect against loss, misuse, unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of your personal data. Although we work hard to protect your personal data, please note that no system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Therefore, while we strive to employ reasonable protections for your information that are appropriate to its sensitivity, we cannot guarantee that our safeguards will prevent every unauthorized attempt to access, use or disclose personal data, and we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of the information you share with us and we cannot be responsible for the theft, destruction, loss or inadvertent disclosure of your information.
6. QUESTIONS, CONCERNS OR REQUESTS
For questions, concerns or requests regarding the Children’s Privacy Policy, please contact us at 1-800-678-2319 or at
support@kongregate.com
or at:
Kongregate Inc.
10680 Treena St #155
San Diego, CA 92131
Sub-policy 3
https://www.adaction.com/privacy-policy:
Privacy Policy
Publisher Terms & Conditions
Advertiser Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
AdAction Interactive LLC, on behalf of itself and its subsidiaries andaffiliates (“
AdAction
,” “
us
,” ”
we
,” or “
our
“), is committed to protecting your privacy. AdAction has prepared this Privacy Policy to describe to you, or if you represent an entity or other organization, thatentity or organization, (in either case, “
you
” or ”
User
“) our practices regarding the personal information that AdAction collects, uses, and shares regarding our mobile app marketing ad network platform (the “
Platform
“) accessed through ourwebsites located at
www.adaction.com
and
partners.adactioninteractive.com
, and through various other websites operated by AdAction (each a ”
Website
“), or using mobile and online applicationsprovided by and on behalf of AdAction (each, an ”
Application
,” and each Website and Application treated as a part of the “Platform” for purposes of this Privacy Policy). The Platformprovides Users with access to data, information, and other content (”
Content
“), as well as features, resources, and services (collectively, “
Services
“), relating to AdAction’s Platform.
We also collect information from our developer, advertiser, and publisher customers (“
Customers
“) about their end users, which may be Users of the Platform, such as Customer promotions, surveys, or contests offered to any end user of a Customer. This Privacy Policy does not apply to end user information that AdAction processes on behalf of its Customers as a “service provider” or “data processor.” Please review the respective Customer’s privacy policy for more information about their privacy practices.
AdAction reserves the right, at any time, to modify this Privacy Policy. If we make revisions that change the way we collect, use, or share personal information, we will post an updated Privacy Policy on this page. In some cases, we may notify you about an update by sending you an email, posting a notice about the update on the Platform, or other means as may be required by applicable law. In all cases, your continued use of the Platform following posting or other notification of changes constitutes your acknowledgement of such changes. You should review this Privacy Policy periodically so that you keep up to date on our most current policies and practices. We will note the effective date of the latest version of our Privacy Policy at the top of this Privacy Policy.
1. COLLECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
. AdAction collects personal information when Users voluntarily submit it to us. For example, we may collect or receive information from you when you create an Account, edit your Account Information, use or access Services or Content, or otherwise interact with us or other Users of the Platform. The list below describes the categories of personal information that we may collect about you. We may also collect other personal information that is not specifically listed here, which we will use as described in this Privacy Policy or as otherwise disclosed at the time of collection.
Contact information
, such as your or your organization’s (as applicable) name, email address, phone number, mailing address, and social media handle.
Account information
, such as your log-in details, information that you store in your account, including (as applicable) advertising materials and campaign tracking information, and other details about your use of the Platform.
Transaction history and billing data
, such as records of Services purchased from us, and payment amounts and payment methods used to complete transactions. All payment processing services connected with your use of the Platform are provided to you by third-party payment processors. AdAction does not access or keep information related to credit cards, banking information, or other sensitive financial information.
Marketing information
, such as any preferences you set in your account and any marketing or communications preferences.
Survey responses
, such as the information you provide in response to our surveys or questionnaires.
Communications
, such as the information associated with your requests or inquiries, including for support, assistance, or order information, and any feedback you provide when you communicate with us.
In addition to personal information that we may receive from you, AdAction, our service providers, and our advertising partners may automatically collect other information about Users over time on our Platform and other sites and online services, such as:
Online activity information
, such as the website you visited before browsing to the Platform, pages or screens you viewed, how long you spent on a page or screen, navigation paths between pages or screens, information about your activity on a page or screen, access times, and duration of access.
Device information
, such as your computer or mobile device operating system type and version number, wireless carrier, manufacturer and model, browser type, screen resolution, IP address, unique identifiers, and general location information such as city, state, or geographic area.
We may use the following technologies to facilitate some of this automatic data collection:
Cookies
. “Cookies” are small bits of information that the Platform places on the hard drive of your computer to uniquely identify your browser or to store information or settings in your browser. Cookies remember information about your activities on the Platform to make your visits to the Platform more enjoyable and valuable to you by providing a customized experience and recognizing your preferences when you visit the Platform. Cookies also help you navigate between pages efficiently, enable functionality, help us understand user activity and patterns, and facilitate online advertising. If you’ve chosen to disable cookies on your browser, some of the functionality of the Platform may be lost. Certain Services provided by AdAction, require that cookies be enabled in your browser and cannot be used when you have disabled cookies in your browser.
Web Server Logs
. Web server logs are records of activity created by the computer that delivers the web pages you request to your browser. For example, a web server log may record the search term you entered or the link you clicked to bring you to a web page. The web server log also may record information about your browser, such as your IP address and the cookies set on your browser by the server.
SDK Information
. We may collect information from a Software Development Kit (SDK) that our Customers integrate into their applications that allows them to provide end users with advertising. SDKs may enable third parties to collect information directly via our Applications.
AdAction participates in behavioral-based advertising. This means that a third party may use technology (e.g., a cookie) to collect information about you so that they can provide advertising about products and services tailored to your interest. That advertising may appear either on the Platform, or on other web sites.
In addition to the information that we collect from you directly or automatically, we may also receive information about you from other sources, including other Users and Customers, our service providers, advertising partners, data analytics partners, operating systems and platforms, social media platforms, and other third parties or publicly available sources.
2.
USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
. AdAction’s primary purpose in collecting personal information is to provide our Platform to enable our Customers to engage in mobile advertising, and to operate our business. AdAction may also use personal information about you for various purposes, including without limitation those set forth below and as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy or at the time of collection.
To Provide the Platform and Services
. We use personal information to provide the Platform and operate our business. For example, we use personal information to:
help diagnose problems with the Platform, to administer the Platform, and to enhance the Platform for optimal User experience;
identify you when you access and use the Platform and personalize and improve your experience;
establish, manage, monitor, and maintain your account;
facilitate transactions and process payments;
send Users materials, updates, and product information regarding the Platform, their account or transaction, and to respond to any requests, feedback, or questions;
provide maintenance, support, and customer service for the Platform;
contact Users for information verification purposes; and
fulfil any other purpose for which you provide personal information.
Research and Development
. We use personal information for research and development purposes, including to study and improve the features and functionality of our Platform and our business, understand and analyze the usage trends and preferences of our Users, and develop new products and services. As part of these activities, we may create aggregated, de-identified, or other anonymous data from personal information we collect. We make personal information into anonymous data by removing information that makes the data personally identifiable to you. We may use this anonymous data and share it with third parties for our lawful business purposes.
Direct Marketing
. We may send you AdAction-related or other direct marketing communications as permitted by law, including materials, updates, information, special offers, and promotional material from us and our business partners. You may opt-out of our marketing communications as described in the “YOUR CHOICES” section below.
Behavioral-Based Advertising
. We work with third-party advertising companies and social media companies to help us advertise our business and to display ads for our products and services. These companies may use cookies and similar technologies to collect information about you (including the online activity information and device information described above) over time across our Platform and other websites, applications, and services or your interaction with our emails, and use that information to serve ads that they think will interest you. In addition, some of these companies may use hashed customer lists that we share with them to deliver ads to you and to similar users on their platforms. You can learn more about your choices for limiting behavioral-based advertising in the “YOUR CHOICES” section below.
To Comply with Laws and Regulations
. We will use personal information as we believe necessary or appropriate to comply with applicable laws, lawful requests, and legal processes, such as to respond to subpoenas or requests from government authorities.
For Compliance, Fraud Prevention, and Safety
. We may use personal information and disclose it to law enforcement, government authorities, and private parties as we believe necessary or appropriate to: (a) maintain the safety, security, and integrity of the Platform and our products and services, business, databases, and other technology assets; (b) protect our, your, or others’ rights, privacy, safety or property (including by making and defending legal claims); (c) audit our internal processes for compliance with legal and contractual requirements and internal policies; (d) enforce the terms and conditions that govern the Platform; and € prevent, identify, investigate, and deter fraudulent, harmful, unauthorized, unethical or illegal activity, including cyberattacks and identity theft.
With Your Consent
. We will disclose your personal information in accordance with your prior direction or, in some cases, we may specifically ask you for your consent to collect, use, or share your personal information, such as when required by law.
3.
SHARING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
. Where required by applicable law, AdAction may ask if you would like us to share your personal information with other unaffiliated third parties who are not described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, and we may do so with your consent. AdAction may also share your personal information with the following entities or persons:
R
elated Companies
. We may share your personal information with companies that are affiliated with us (that is, that control, are controlled by, or are under common control with AdAction).
Service Providers
. AdAction may share your personal information with service providers that perform services for AdAction that are necessary for the orderly operation of our business. For example, we work with service providers that perform hosting services, provide marketing assistance, analyze User data, process payment card information, fraud protection, database management, and for other legitimate purposes.
Social Media Platforms
. The Platform may offer you the ability to share your personal information through a social networking site (e.g., Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn), using such site’s integrated tools (e.g., Facebook “Like” button, or Twitter “Tweet” button). The use of such integrated tools enables you to share personal information about yourself with other individuals or the public, depending on the settings that you have established with such social networking site. Additionally, by making personal information available on the Platform, AdAction may provide such personal information to a social networking site. For more information about the purpose and scope of data collection and use in connection with such social networking site or a site’s integrated tools, please visit the privacy policies of the entities that provide these social networking sites.
Advertising Partners
. We may also share personal information with third parties who we partner with for advertising campaigns or that collect information about your activity on the Platform for the purposes described in the “Behavioral-Based Advertising” section above.
Professional Advisors
. We may share personal information with persons, companies, or professional firms providing AdAction with advice and consulting in accounting, administrative, legal, tax, financial, debt collection, and other matters.
Law Enforcement
. Under certain circumstances, we may be required to disclose personal information to law enforcement, government authorities, and other parties if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g., a court or a government agency).
Compliance
. We may disclose personal information in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a legal obligation or for the purposes described above in the section titled “For Compliance, Fraud Prevention, and Safety.”
Business Transaction Participants
. We may disclose personal information to third parties in connection with any business transaction (or potential transaction) involving a merger, acquisition, sale of shares or assets, financing, consolidation, reorganization, divestiture, or dissolution of all or a portion of our business (including in connection with a bankruptcy or similar proceedings).
4.
PUBLIC FORUM AND MESSAGING
. We may provide functionality that enables you to disclose personal information to other Users of the Platform and the public. For example, AdAction may offer public discussion forums and bulletin boards. Please note that information that you disclose in these public forums becomes public. Use caution in disclosing any personal information. The Platform may also allow you to exchange messages with other Users. We may store these messages in order to deliver them and allow you to manage them. You may also be able to submit content to the Platform (such as advertising material, comments, questions, stories, reviews, blogs, photos, and videos), and we will identify you by displaying information such as your company name, username, social media handle, or a link to your user profile (as applicable) along with the content you submit. We do not control how other Users or third parties use any personal information that you make available to other Users or the public.
5.
SECURITY
. AdAction employs reasonable and appropriate security measures to protect personal information from becoming disclosed to individuals who are not described in this Privacy Policy. Although we will take reasonable steps to ensure the safety of your personal information, no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage, is fully secure and we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information.
6.
YOUR CHOICES
. You may make the following choices regarding your personal information:
Changes to Your Personal Information
. We rely on you to update and correct the personal information contained in your account. If the Platform does not permit you to update or correct certain personal information, please submit a request to us using the contact information listed at the end of this Privacy Policy. When updating your personal information, we may ask you to verify your identity before we can act on your request. We will comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable and in accordance with applicable laws. We may need to retain certain information for recordkeeping purposes, as required under applicable legal obligations, or to complete any transactions that you began prior to requesting such change or access.
Email Marketing Communications
. If you wish to stop receiving email marketing communications from AdAction, please contact us at the email address listed at the end of this Privacy Policy or click the “Unsubscribe” link at the bottom of any marketing communications. If you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional communications, such as those about your Account or to facilitate Content or Services that you have made or accepted.
“Do Not Track” Signals
. Some web browsers may be configured to broadcast a “Do Not Track” signal to the online services you visit. At this time, the Platform does not currently respond to “Do Not Track” signals. To find outmore about “Do Not Track,” please visit
http://www.allaboutdnt.com
.
Cookies
. Most browsers let you remove and/or stop accepting cookies from the websites you visit. To do this, follow the instructions in your browser’s settings. Many browsers accept cookies by default until you change your settings. If you do not accept cookies, however, you may not be able to use all functionality of the Platform and our Websites may not work properly. For more information about cookies, including how to see what cookies havebeen set on your browser and how to manage and delete them, visit
www.allaboutcookies.org
.
Analytics
. The Websites may use Google Analytics to help us analyze how the Website is being accessed and used. You can learn more about Google Analytics cookies by clicking
here
and about how Google protects your data by clicking
here
. To opt-out of Google Analytics, you can download and install the GoogleAnalytics Opt-out Browser Add-on, available
here
.
Advertising Choices
. You can limit the use of your information for behavioral-based advertising by using the methods set forth below. Many of the opt-out preferences described in this section must be set on each device and/or browser for which you want them to apply. Please note that some of the advertising companies we work with may not participate in the opt-out mechanisms described below, so even after opting-out, you may still receive behavioral-based advertisements from other companies. If you opt-out of behavioral-based advertisements, you will still see advertisements online but they may be less relevant to you.
Browser Settings
. You can limit the use of your information for behavioral-based advertising by blocking third-party cookies in your browser settings or using browser plug-ins/extensions.
Device Settings
. You can use your mobile device settings to limit the use of the advertising ID associated with your mobile device. Please note that even if you opt-out, you will still receive advertising but these messages will not feature interest-based ads that may be more relevant to you.
Advertising Alliance Programs
. You may use the
Network Advertising Initiative
(“NAI”),
Digital Advertising Alliance
(“DAA”), or the
European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance
opt-out tools to learn more about targeted or interest-based advertising and to opt out of certain targeting programs from companies participating in these industry opt-out programs. You may opt out of receiving targeted advertising in mobile apps through participating members of the Digital Advertising Alliance by installing the AppChoices mobile app, available
here
, and selecting the user’s choices.
Company Opt-Out Mechanisms
. Some of the companies we work with may offer their own opt-out mechanisms. For example, you can learn more about how Google usescookies for advertising purposes by clicking
here
andopt-out of ad personalization by Google by clicking
here
.
7.
RETENTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
. AdAction retains your personal information:
For so long as your Account is active or as needed to provide you with Services or to fulfill our contractual obligations;
As necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements; and
For so long as is necessary for the purposes for which we collected such personal information.
8.
NOTICE TO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS (SHINE THE LIGHT)
. Under California Civil Code sections 1798.83-1798.84, California residents who have an established business relationship with AdAction are entitled to ask us for a notice describing what categories of personal customer information we share with third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. This notice will identify the categories of information shared and will include a list of the third parties with which it is shared, along with their names and addresses. If you are a California resident and would like a copy of this notice, please submit a written request to us at the addresses listed at the end of this Privacy Policy.
9.
NOTICE TO NEVADA RESIDENTS
. Nevada Revised Statutes Chapter 603A allows Nevada residents to opt-out of the “sale” of certain types of personal information. Subject to several exceptions, Nevada law defines “sale” to mean the exchange of certain types of personal information for monetary consideration to another person. If you are a Nevada resident who wishes to exercise your “sale” opt-out rights, you may submit a request to us using the contact information listed at the end of this Privacy Policy.
10.
NOTICE TO EUROPEAN USERS
. The information provided in this section applies only to individuals inthe European Economic Area and the United Kingdom (collectively, ”
Europe
“). The controller of your personal information covered by this Privacy Policy for purposes of European data protection legislation is AdAction Interactive LLC, 200 Union Blvd, Ste 305, Lakewood CO, 80228.
Your Rights
. In accordance with applicable data protection laws, you may have the right to request: access to, rectification, and erasure of your personal information; restriction of processing of personal information; objecting to certain processing of personal information; and the right to data portability. Where any processing of personal information is solely dependent upon your consent, you have the right to withdraw such consent at any time (for example, by using the unsubscribe link contained in an applicable marketing message, or, emailing us at the “Communications” details below). If we do not have access to such personal information from you, then we will not be able to undertake certain Services for you. We may withhold information where the search for that information would require disproportionate effort or have a disproportionate effect to, for example, the cost of providing the information, the time it would take to retrieve the data, or how difficult it may be to obtain the information requested. To exercise your rights under these provisions, please contact us at the “Communications” details below. When we receive your requests, we may ask you to verify your identity before we can act on your request. Where you believe that we have not processed your personal information in accordance with applicable data protection laws, you may lodge a complaint with the respective supervisory authority or data protection regulator. In theEuropean Economic Area, you can find your data protection regulator
here
. Inthe United Kingdom, you can find your data protection regulator
here
.
Legal Bases for Processing
. The legal bases of our processing of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy will depend on the type of personal information and the specific context in which we process it. However, the legal bases we typically rely on are set out in the table below. We rely on our legitimate interests as our legal basis only where those interests are not overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or our processing is otherwise required or permitted by law). If you have questions about the legal basis of how we process your personal information, contact us at the “Communications” details below.
Processing Purpose
(as described above in the “Use of Personal Information” section)
Legal Basis
To Provide the Platform and Services
Processing is necessary to perform the contract governing our operation of the Platform or Services, or to take steps that you request prior to engaging our services. Where we cannot process your personal information as required to operate the Platform or Services on the grounds of contractual necessity, we process your personal information for this purpose based on our legitimate interests as further described in this Privacy Policy.
Research and Development
Processing is based on our legitimate interests in performing research and development as described in this Privacy Policy.
Direct Marketing
Processing is based on your consent where that consent is required by applicable law. Where we rely on your consent you have the right to withdraw it any time in the manner indicated when you consented or via the relevant Services.
Where such consent is not required by applicable law, we process your personal information for this purpose based on our legitimate interests in promoting our business and providing you with tailored, relevant content.
Behavioral-Based Advertising
To Comply with Laws and Regulations
Processing is necessary to comply with our legal obligations.
For Compliance, Fraud Prevention, and Safety
Processing is necessary to comply with our legal obligations or based on our legitimate interests in protecting our or others’ rights, privacy, safety, or property.
With Your Consent
Processing is based on your consent. Where we rely on your consent you have the right to withdraw it any time in the manner indicated when you consent or via the relevant Services.
We may use your personal information for reasons not described in this Privacy Policy where permitted by law and the reason is compatible with the purpose for which we collected it. If we need to use your personal information for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and explain the applicable legal basis.
Cross-Border Data Transfer
. If we transfer your personal information to a country outside of Europe such that we are required to apply additional safeguards to your personal information under European data protection laws, we will do so. Please contact us as at the “Communications” details below for further information about any such transfers or the specific safeguards applied.
11.
INTERNATIONAL OPERATIONS
. AdAction is based, and this Platform is hosted, in the United States of America. If you are from a country outside of the United States of America with laws governing data collection, use, and disclosure that may differ from U.S. law and you provide personal information to AdAction, please note that any personal information that you provide to AdAction may be transferred to the United States of America. By providing your personal information, where applicable law permits, you specifically and expressly consent to such transfer and processing and the collection, use, and disclosure set forth herein.
Users located in Europe can view more information about cross-border transfers in the section titled “Notice to European Users.”
Other Websites, Apps, and Online Services
. This Privacy Policy does not apply to sites or applications offered by other companies or individuals, including third party products and services, that may be displayed as content in a search on the Platform. AdAction encourages you to read the privacy policy of any third-party site or applications before transmitting personal information.
12.
COMMUNICATIONS
. If you have any additional questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy or any other privacy or security issue, please contact us at:
AdAction Interactive LLC
Attn: AdAction Legal Department
Email:
privacy@adaction.com
If AdAction needs, or is required, to contact you concerning any event that involves information about you, we may do so by email, telephone, or mail.
Effective as of April 07, 2023
We use cookies on our website to give you a customized experience and analyze traffic. By clicking "Accept" you consent to the use of cookies in accordance with our
Privacy Policy
.
We use cookies on our website to give you a customized experience and analyze traffic. By continuing to use the site you consent to the use of cookies in accordance with our
Privacy Policy
.
Manage consent
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities...
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
Sub-policy 4
https://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/:
Notice at Collection and Website
Privacy Policy
Last Updated
: October 2023.
We at Digital Turbine, Inc. (“
Digital Turbine
,” “
we
,” “
us,
” or “
our
”) put great efforts into making sure that we secure personal information related to you and use it properly.
The notice at collection (“
Notice at Collection
”) and privacy policy (“
Policy
,” and collectively: the “
Notices
”) provided on this page explain our privacy practices for processing personal information related to you when you use our website at
www.digitalturbine.com
(the “
Website
”).
The term “
personal information
” refers to information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular individual consumer or household that identifies an individual or relates to an identifiable individual. For example, personal information is your name, email address, telephone number, and other contact details that you submit to us or that we collect from your mobile device or app.
These Notices apply to visitors to our Website (“
Customers
”).
The summary of this policy will give you a quick and clear view of our practices. Please take the time to read our full policy. If you disagree with this Privacy Policy, please do not access or use our Website.
The Policy Summary below will give you a quick and clear view of our practices. The first six headings in the summary also serve as the Notice at Collection.
Notice at Collection and Summary of the Policy
Categories of personal information you provide us.
We receive and store any information you enter on our Website or give us in any other way. If you register for our newsletter blog or fill out any form on our Website, we will collect your name, company name, and work email address.
Read More
Categories of personal information that we collect
We automatically log ‘traffic/session’ information, including IP addresses and user agents. We collect session durations and additional activity information.
Read More below
Categories of sensitive personal information
The Website is not intended to collect sensitive personal information (within the meaning of US Privacy Laws), we do not knowingly collect such data, and we require that you do not provide us with such data.
Read More below
What do we do with personal information?
We maintain the Website, make it better and continue developing it, and protect us and the Website from misuse and law violations.
Read More below
Who do we disclose, share, or sell personal information with or to?
We use service providers, for example, to send email messages and to store data. We will transfer personal information when we change our corporate structure and share the information with our affiliate entities. We will also obey authorities’ orders and other lawful requirements to disclose information.
Read More below
How long do we retain personal information?
We retain personal information for the length of time required to provide the Website and/or the newsletter or blog to the extent you signed up to either one and for legitimate and lawful purposes, as further explained in the
data retention section
of this policy.
Read More below
Your choices and rights
General:
We will give you various choices about how we use and share personal information related to you, and we will respect your choices. You can stop using the Website, newsletter, or blog at any time or request that your subscription be terminated, following which we will stop collecting personal information related to you. You also have rights under applicable laws, as further detailed in the Policy.
Read More below
US Laws:
In addition to your rights under other sections of the Policy, if you are a United States resident, you have additional rights applicable to processing personal information related to you, as further detailed in the Policy.
Read More below
Exercising your rights
You can terminate your subscription to our newsletter or blog or request that your account be terminated by contacting us at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
.
You can unsubscribe to our mailing lists by clicking the “Unsubscribe” link in these emails and confirming the email address for which you would like to unsubscribe.
You can request to exercise any of the rights detailed under this policy by contacting us.
Suppose you are a resident of the United States. In that case, you can also exercise your rights to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information related to you by visiting our
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Information
page.
Aggregated and analytical information.
Aggregated data is not identifiable. We use it for legitimate business purposes and standard analytical tools.
Read More below
Specific provisions for U.S. residents
Suppose you reside in the United States (U.S.). In that case, further terms apply to our processing about your rights as a data subject under U.S. state laws governing the protection of privacy and personal information, for example, the California Privacy Rights Act of 2022 (CPRA).
Read More below
Transfer of Personal information outside your territory
We keep personal information related to you in the United States and will store it at additional sites at our discretion. Our service providers provide us with adequate security and confidentiality commitments.
Read More below
Cookies and other tracking technologies
We use cookies to make it easier to log in and facilitate any website activity.
Read More below
Information Security
We implement systems, applications, and procedures to secure personal information related to you to minimize the risks of theft, damage, loss of information, or unauthorized access or use of information.
Read More below
Dispute Resolution
Contact us at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
or write us for every request and complaint. We will make good-faith efforts to resolve any existing or potential dispute with you.
Read More below
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We will update our policy from time to time after giving proper notice.
Read More below
Incorporation of the Terms of Use
This policy is an integral part of the Digital Turbine’s
Terms of Use
or, if applicable, of any other Digital Turbine service subscription agreement between you (or the entity you are acting on its behalf) and us.
Read More below
Contact Us
Don’t hesitate to contact us at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
for further information.
Read More below
The Digital Turbine Website Privacy Policy
Categories of Personal Information That You Provide Us
We receive and store any information you enter on our Website or give us in any other way. For example, when you contact us via the Website, we receive any information you provide.
When you contact us to apply for a job with us, you provide us with personal information related to you, which we process for recruitment and general HR purposes.
Categories of Personal Information That We Collect
Like many websites, we use “cookies” (for further information about cookies, please see our
Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies Policy
), and we obtain information when your browser accesses our Website.
We also receive information about your online activity from third-party analytics services when you use the Website. For more information, please see this policy’s “Aggregated and Analytical Information” section.
Examples of such information we collect and analyze include the Internet Protocol (IP) address, login, e-mail address, device and connection information such as browser type, version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system, and platform.
What Do We Do with Personal Information?
We use personal information related to you for the following purposes:
To provide you with the Website, newsletter, or blog you may have registered to or to contact you if you filled out a form requesting us to do so;
to provide you with notifications related to your use of the Website, such as electronic newsletters, blogs, or promotional emails;
to solicit your feedback and provide support;
to maintain the Website and to continue developing and making it better;
We obey the law and expect you to do the same. If necessary, we will use personal information related to you to enforce our terms, policies, and legal agreements, to comply with court orders and warrants, and assist law enforcement agencies, to collect debts, prevent fraud, misappropriation, infringements, identity thefts and any other misuse of our Website, and to take any action in any legal dispute and proceeding.
We commit to process personal information related to you solely for the purposes described in this policy.
Who do we Disclose, Share, or Sell Personal Information related to you with?
We do not sell, rent, or lease personal information related to you.
Personal information related to you is shared with certain employees, external consultants, and our affiliates, who are all governed by this Policy.
We also share personal information related to you with our vendors worldwide and third-party service providers that process your personal information on our behalf. Such vendors and service providers are contractually bound to keep personal information related to you confidential and appropriately secure.
A merger, acquisition, or any other structural change will require us to transfer personal information related to you to another entity as part of the structural change, provided that the receiving entity will comply with this policy.
We will share personal information related to you only subject to the terms of this policy or subject to your prior consent.
We will need to disclose personal information related to you in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
How__Long
How Long Do We Retain Personal Information?
We retain different types of personal information related to you for different periods, depending on the purposes for processing the information, our legitimate business purposes, and pursuant to legal requirements under applicable law.
We will maintain your contact details to help us stay in contact with you. You can contact our privacy team at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
and request to delete your contact details. Note that we will keep your details without using them if necessary and for the necessary period of time for legal requirements and proceedings.
We will retain personal information related to you after you have left our Website if retention is reasonably necessary to resolve disputes between our users, to prevent fraud and abuse, or to enforce this Privacy Policy and our
Terms of Use
. We will keep aggregated non-identifiable information without limitation, and to the extent reasonable, we will delete or de-identify potentially identifiable information when we no longer need to process the information.
In any case, we will keep information about you for as long as you use our Website unless applicable law requires us to delete it or if we decide to remove it at our discretion, according to the terms of this policy and our
Terms of Use
.
Your Choices and Rights
General
‍
The section below applies to all Users, regardless of which laws apply to processing personal information related to them.
We will give you choices about how we use and share personal information related to you, and we will respect your choices.
We will send newsletters or promotional communications to our users. To unsubscribe to these communications, you must click an “Unsubscribe” link in these emails and confirm the email address for which you would like to unsubscribe.
We collect and receive personal information related to you that we need for the purposes described in this policy. You can stop using our Website at any time; thereafter, we will stop collecting personal information related to you. However, as detailed above, we will store and continue to use or make available certain personal information related to you.
You may request that your account be terminated and that personal information related to you be deleted by contacting us. Any termination of your account will involve deleting your account information from our live databases and storing all the information and data for such an account.
You may request a copy of the personal information related to you that we store about you by contacting us. You may also request that we transfer personal information related to you or provide you with copies of such personal information to enable its transfer to a third party.
When we delete personal information related to you that we have collected from or about you, it will be deleted from our active databases. Still, we will keep a reasonable number of copies in our archives. Although we will deactivate your account, we will continue to retain the personal information related to you for legitimate business purposes as set forth above.
Web browsers offer a “Do Not Track” (“
DNT
”) signal. A DNT signal is an HTTP header field indicating your preference for tracking your activities on our Website or through cross-site user tracking. Our Website does not respond to DNT signals.
Additional Rights Applicable to United States Residents
In addition to your rights under the general section above, if you are a resident of the United States (“
US
”), you are also entitled to the following specific rights under federal and state laws and regulations governing the protection of personal information and Privacy (“
US Privacy Laws
”), regarding personal information related to you:
Access and Data Portability
. You have the right to request that we disclose certain information about our collection and use of personal information related to you over the past 12 months. Upon verification of your request, we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you;
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you;
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting that personal information;
The categories of personal information that we disclosed for a business purpose and the categories of third parties with whom we disclosed that particular category of personal information;
The specific pieces of personal information that we collected about you;
Suppose we disclose personal information related to you for a business purpose. In that case, we will provide you with a list identifying the personal information categories each recipient obtained.
Correction
. You have the right to request that we correct inaccurate personal information that we maintain about you.
Deletion
. You have the right to request that we delete any personal information related to you. Upon confirmation of your request, we will delete personal information related to you from our records unless an exception applies. Note that when we delete personal information related to you that we have collected from or about you, it will be deleted from our active databases. Still, we will keep a reasonable number of copies in our archives. We will continue to retain your personal information for legitimate business purposes, as set forth under the section titled
“Specific Provisions for US Residents”
in this policy.
Opt-out of Selling or Sharing
. You have the right to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information related to you or otherwise the use of such data for targeted advertising or profiling for the purpose of making decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning you. As detailed above, we do not sell or share personal information. Still, we do engage third parties that collect personal information on our Website to provide us with services that, although they do not pay us for collecting information, the right granted to them may be considered as disclosure for the purpose of sale or sharing. You can opt out of such processing at any time by contacting us or visiting our
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Information
.
Non-discrimination
. You also have a right not to be discriminated against for exercising your rights under US Privacy Laws.
Exercising Your Rights
If you wish to exercise any of your rights in relation to personal information related to you, please send us an email to
privacy@digitalturbine.com
.
You can stop using the Website at any time.
You may also control what personal information we collect from your device by changing the permissions settings on your browser or mobile device.
You may request to exercise the rights detailed under this section by submitting your request to us by emailing
privacy@digitalturbine.com.
Note that only you or a person authorized to act on your behalf may make a request related to personal information related to you. A request for access can be made by you only twice within a 12-month period.
Also note that your request must provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative and describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to understand, evaluate, and respond to it properly.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with the requested personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information related to you. We will only use the personal information provided in your request to verify your identity or authority to make the request.
We will do our best to respond to your request within 30 days of receipt. If we require more time (up to 30 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. We will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option.
Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding receipt of your request. Our response will also explain why we cannot comply with a request, if applicable.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If the request warrants a fee, we will inform you of the reasons for such a decision and provide a cost estimate before completing your request.
We will not require that you create an account to exercise your rights under this Policy, and we will not increase the cost or decrease the availability of our Website based solely on the fact that you have chosen to exercise one of your rights.
After receiving our reply, you can appeal against our decision by contacting us. We will review your appeal and provide you with our answer and our explanation of the reasons for our decision(s) within 60 days of receiving it. We will also provide you with a link (to the extent available) where you can submit a complaint with the relevant Attorney General or Supervisory Authority, as applicable.
Aggregated and Analytical Information
We use standard analytics tools. The privacy practices of these tools are subject to their own privacy policies, and they use their own cookies to provide their service (for further information about cookies, please see our
Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies Policy
).
We use the standard analytics tools of Google Analytics, and we will use additional or other analytics tools from time to time to learn how you and other users use our Website to support its related activities and operations.
The privacy practices of these tools are subject to their own privacy policies. See Google Analytics Privacy Policy at
Privacy Policy – Privacy & Terms – Google
.
We use anonymous, statistical, or aggregated information and will share it with our partners for legitimate business purposes. It has no effect on your privacy because there is no reasonable way to extract data from the aggregated information that we or others can associate specifically with you.
Specific Provisions for United States Residents
This section applies solely to all visitors, users, and others who reside in the US.
Any terms defined under US Privacy Laws have the same meaning when used in this section.
Additionally, as used under this section and the rest of this Policy, personal information is defined under applicable US Privacy Laws.
This chapter supersedes any contradicting provisions under the other sections of this policy.
We have collected the personal information related to you described above under the sections titled “
Categories of Personal Information You Provide Us
” and “
Categories of Personal Information that We Collect
” of this Policy. Such Information consists of the following categories:
Identifiers and personal information categories are listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
Internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding your interaction with the Website.
Commercial information, including products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Geolocation data, namely your physical location or movements.
Inferences are drawn from any of the above-mentioned information.
We obtain the categories of personal information related to you listed above from the following categories of sources:
Directly and indirectly from you and your activity on the Website.
Third parties such as reliable service providers.
We use the personal information related to you that we collect or receive for the purposes mentioned under the section “
What Do We Do With Personal Information
?” of this Policy.
We disclose personal information related to you to third parties for business purposes as described above under the section titled “
Who Do We Disclose, Share, or Sell Personal Information With?
”.
We do not sell personal information related to you.
Categories of Sensitive Personal Information
The Website is not intended to collect sensitive personal information (within the meaning of US Privacy Laws). We do not knowingly collect or allow others to collect sensitive personal information about you, and we require you not to provide us with any such data.
Selling and Sharing Personal Information
We do not sell or share personal information. However, we engage third parties to provide services such as analytics, marketing automation, and user experience and allow them to collect personal information on our Website.
We do not knowingly sell or share consumers’ personal information of children under 16 years of age.
The categories of personal information collected by these third parties in the preceding 12 months include identifiers, online activities, and inferences drawn from such activities.
These third parties do not pay us for collecting such information. Still, the right granted to them to collect personal information may be considered as disclosure for the purpose of sale or sharing for cross-context behavioral advertising. At any time, you can opt out of collecting personal information from our service providers by contacting us or visiting our
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Information
page.
Storing of Personal Information in the United States
In the United States, we store and process information from our Website, including personal information, either directly or using third parties, such as data hosting service providers. Digital Turbine has data centers in the United States.
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to ensure our Website is continuously improved and meets your needs. Please view our
Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies Policy
for more information on our use of cookies.
Information Security
Digital Turbine is committed to ensuring the security of personal information. We and our hosting services implement systems, applications, and procedures to secure personal information related to you to minimize the risks of theft, damage, loss of information, or unauthorized access or use of information. These measures provide sound industry-standard security.
However, please understand that no security system is impenetrable. Although we make efforts to protect your privacy, we cannot guarantee that the Website will be immune from any wrongdoings, malfunctions, unlawful interceptions or access, or other kinds of abuse and misuse.
Dispute Resolution
We do periodical assessments of our data processing and privacy practices to ensure that we comply with this policy, update the policy when we believe that we need to, and verify that we display the policy properly and in an accessible manner. If you have any concerns about how we process personal information related to you, you are welcome to contact our privacy team at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
or write to us.
We will look into your query and make good-faith efforts to resolve any existing or potential dispute with you.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
From time to time, we will update this policy. If the updates have minor, if any, consequences, they will take effect 14 days after we post a notice on the Website. Substantial changes will be effective 30 days after we initially posted the notice.
Until the new policy takes effect, if it materially reduces the protection of your privacy right under the then-existing policy, you can choose not to accept it and stop using our Website. Continuing to use the Website after the new policy takes effect means that you agree to the new policy. Note that if we need to adapt the policy to legal requirements, the new policy will become effective immediately or as required by law.
Incorporation to the Terms of Use
This policy is an integral part of the Digital Turbine
Terms of Use
or, if applicable, of any other service agreement between you (or the entity you are acting on its behalf) and us or any of our corporate affiliates.
Contact Us
Don’t hesitate to get in touch with us at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
Sub-policy 5
https://www.adjust.com/terms/privacy-policy:
Boost app revenue and engagement with deep linking – Download the playbook now!
Boost app revenue with deep linking: Download the Playbook!
English
日本語
Deutsch
Privacy policy
CCPA
Privacy policy
Last modified: October 2024
Adjust GmbH including all of its affiliates (collectively, "Adjust" or "We") respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy. With this privacy policy, we would like to inform you how we process your personal data.
The data controller according to art. 4 European General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR") is Adjust GmbH, Saarbrücker Str. 37a, 10405 Berlin, managing directors are Andrey Kazakov and Egor Lukomsky.
Responsible for data processing in contracts with your respective contractual partner:
●      Adjust GmbH, Germany
●      Adjust Software Ltd, United Kingdom
●      Adjust Inc., United States
●      Adjust K.K., Japan
●      Adjust Beijing, China
●      Adjust Brasil Licenciamento de Software Ltda., Brazil
If one of our subsidiaries is the data controller and the registered office is outside the EU, its EU Representative is Adjust GmbH, Saarbrücker Str. 37A, 10405 Berlin, Germany
If the data processing is subject to the UK GDPR and a UK Representative is required this is Adjust Software Ltd, 90 High Holborn, Holborn, London, WC1V 6LJ, United Kingdom
In case of any questions relating to data protection, please get in touch with us at
privacy@adjust.com
.
Our external Data Protection Officer is ePrivacy GmbH, represented by Prof. Dr. Christoph Bauer, Burchardstrasse 14, 20095 Hamburg. If you wish to communicate directly with our Data Protection Officer (because you have a particularly sensitive matter for example), please send your request to them by post. Please state in your request that your concern relates to the company Adjust GmbH.
Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Website. This policy may change from time to time (see Changes to our Privacy Policy). If you are a California resident, please also review our California Resident Privacy Notice ("CCPA").
1. Collection and Use of Data
Term
Personal data is all information relating to personal and objective circumstances through which a person may be personally identified. This may for example entail information such as your name, address or other contact details such as phone number or e-mail address.
Intended Use
We base the processing of your data on the following legal bases:
●      Your consent, if you have given us such consent (art. 6 para. 1 lit. a) GDPR),
●      The initiation or execution of a contract with you (art. 6 para. 1 lit. b) GDPR),
●      The fulfilment of legal obligations (art. 6 para. 1 lit. c) GDPR),
●      The implementation of our legitimate interests (art. 6 para. 1 lit. f) GDPR)
When processing your data on the basis of art. 6 para. 1 lit. f) GDPR, we pursue the following legitimate interests:
●      To present and improve our website
●      To estimate the size of our target group and their user pattern
●      To save information about your preferences so that we may adapt our website to your individual interests
●      To speed up your search
●      To recognize you when you return to our website
Furthermore, with this information we will be able to ensure the stability and security of our website.
How We Use Your Information
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information:
●      To present our Website and its contents to you
●      To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us
●      For marketing and advertising purposes
●      To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection
●      To notify you about changes to our Website or any products or services we offer or provide through it and to help us understand how the Website is being used (website analysis)
●      for other purposes that we specifically explain to you prior to collecting your information.
We may also use your information to contact you about goods and services that may be of interest to you. If you do not want us to use your information in this way, you may elect to unsubscribe and we will cease using your information in that manner.
Children Under the Age of 13
Our Website is not intended for children under 13 years of age. No one under age 13 may provide any personal information to the Website. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you are under 13, do not use or provide any information on this Website or on or through any of its features/register on the Website, make any purchases through the Website, use any of the interactive or public comment features of this Website or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address or any screen name or user name you may use. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at Adjust GmbH, Saarbrücker Str. 37a, 10405 Berlin, Germany, via email at
privacy@adjust.com
.
This privacy policy and the CARU icon shown on our websites and online services, confirm that Adjust, Inc. is a valid licensee and participating member in the CARU Safe Harbor Program (“CARU Safe Harbor”).  To protect your privacy, we have voluntarily undertaken this privacy initiative.  CARU has reviewed and certified that we meet established online information collection and use practices on all Adjust’s websites and online services where this privacy policy is posted.
As part of the CARU Safe Harbor, we are subject to audits and frequent monitoring of our websites and online services and other enforcement and accountability mechanisms administered independently by CARU.
If you believe that we have not responded to your inquiry or your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed, please contact CARU at:
CARU Safe Harbor
Attn: Director
1676 International Drive #550
McLean, Virginia 22102
InfoCaru@bbbnp.org
PLEASE NOTE: CARU is not a data controller or a data processor for Adjust, Inc. and cannot process personal data requests made pursuant to CCPA. Please direct your personal data request directly to Adjust, Inc, through the link in our privacy policy under “Your California Privacy Rights”.
From whom we receive your information
We receive the information from you (including about the devices you use). In addition, if we do not collect the personal data directly from you, we will also tell you the source of the personal data and, if applicable, whether it comes from publicly available sources.
Information We Collect About You
We collect several types of information from and about users who visit our Website via internet connection or through your device which you use to access our Website, including certain user details. Such information includes:
●      Traffic data
●      Location
●      Server logs
●      Resources on our website which you access and use
●      IP address, operating system and browser type
and information which is collected through cookies, web-beacons and other tracking technologies.
Furthermore, we are processing data with which you may be personally identified such as your name, postal address, e-mail address, phone number and any other identifier with which you may be contacted online or offline ('personal data') insofar as you provide us with this data in our online form. Keep in mind that we also handle correspondence and process data to that respect.
Technologies, which we use on this website
The technologies we use for this data processing may include:
●      Cookies (or browser cookies). We, and businesses we work with, require cookies for some features of our website. Cookies are small files that your browser places on your device in a designated directory. These cookies can be used to determine, for example, whether you have visited a website before. They are deleted after the end of your visit. Other cookies ("persistent cookies") are automatically deleted after a specified period, which may vary depending on the cookie. You can delete cookies at any time in the security settings of your browser and object to the use of cookies through your browser settings. Please note that disabling cookies may result in restrictions when using our website.
●      Web Beacons. Pages of our Website and our e-mails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags and single-pixel gifs) that permit Adjust, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an e-mail and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).
●      Log files. Every time you access our Internet pages, your usage data is transmitted through the respective internet browser and stored in log files, the so-called server log files. The records stored in this case contain the following data: domain and location from which the user is accessing the website.
Information You Provide to Us
The information we collect on or through our Website may include:
●      Information that you provide by filling in forms on our Website. This includes information provided at the time of subscribing to our newsletter, subscribing to our service, or requesting further services. We may also ask you for information when you report a problem with our Website or the Adjust technology,
●      Records and copies of your correspondence (including e-mail addresses), if you contact us,
●      Details of transactions you carry out through our Website and of the fulfillment of your orders. You may be required to provide financial information before placing an order through our Website,
●      Details of Website searches and button clicks are also recorded.
You also may provide information to be published or displayed (hereinafter, "posted") on public areas of the Website, or transmitted to other users of the Website or third parties (collectively, "User Contributions"). Your User Contributions are posted on and transmitted to others at your own risk. Although you may set certain privacy settings for such information by logging into your account profile, please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. Additionally, we cannot control the actions of other users of the Website with whom you may choose to share your User Contributions. Therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee that your User Contributions will not be viewed by unauthorized persons.
Third-party Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
Some third parties may use cookies alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies to collect information about you when you use our website. The information they collect may be associated with your personal information or they may collect information, including personal information, about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services. They may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content.
Automated decision making (including profiling)
Automated decision-making - including profiling - does not take place.
Requirement or Obligation to Provide Data
Unless this is expressly stated, the provision of your data is not required or obligatory.
Duration of Retention of Data
We store your data:
●      If you have consented to the processing, at the latest until you withdraw your consent,
●      If we need the data to carry out a contract, at most as long as the contractual relationship with you or statutory retention periods are running,
●       if we process the data for the fulfillment of a legal obligation, at most for as long as the legal obligation exists,
●      If we use the data on the basis of a legitimate interest, at most as long as your interest in deletion or anonymization does not prevail.
Disclosure of Your Information
We may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction.
We may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this privacy policy:
●      To our subsidiaries and affiliates for the sole purpose of providing our services.
●      To contractors, service providers and other third parties we use to support our business:
●      Provider of web analysis tools,
●      Web hosting and web development providers,
●      Marketing and advertising service providers,
●      E-mail and newsletter provider,
●      Service provider for editing and translations,
●      CRM system service provider,
●      Cloud services,
●      Payment service provider,
●      Conference and Webinar Software,
●      Service provider for online surveys,
●      Service provider for chat software,
●      Social media platforms.
●      To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or other sale or transfer of some or all of Adjust's assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by Adjust about our Website users is among the assets transferred.
●      To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it.
●      For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.
●      With your consent.
We may also disclose your personal information:
●      To comply with any court order, law or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request,
●      To enforce or apply our
terms of use
and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes,
●      If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of Adjust, our customers or others.
Unless otherwise stated herein, your personal data will be processed on our servers. If we have commissioned technical service providers, they will only process the data after having received express instructions and they are contractually obliged to guarantee adequate technical and organizational measures for data protection. Insofar as we refer to integrated services of other providers in this privacy policy, it can be assumed that personal data will be transmitted to the specified headquarters of these providers. These providers may be based in a so-called third country outside the European Economic Area.
Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information:
●      Changing the browser settings. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this Website may then be inaccessible or not function properly.
●      Consent Banners (“CMP”). You can grant and manage your cookie and consent preferences via the consent banner provided. Please note that we base the setting or processing of personal data using cookies on your consent in accordance with art. 6 para. 1 lit. a) GDPR, sec. 25 para. 1 TTDSG. In the case of cookies, which are absolutely necessary to make the website available properly, we base the setting of cookies on sec 25 para. 2 No. 2 TTDSG or the processing of personal data on our legitimate interest in accordance with art. 6 para. 1 lit. f) GDPR to make our website available and to ensure this and its functionality and user-friendly design.
●      Opt-out. You may "opt out" of receiving marketing or promotional emails from us by following the instructions in those emails. If you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as emails about your accounts or our ongoing business relations
●      We do not control third parties' collection or use of your information to serve interest-based advertising. However, these third parties may provide you with ways to choose not to have your information collected or used in this way. You can opt out of receiving targeted ads from, for example, members of the Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI") on the NAI's
website
.
How we protect Your Data
●      We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration and disclosure. All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers behind firewalls. All transactions, regardless of their nature, are encrypted using SSL technology.
●      The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our Website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone.
●      Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our Website. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Website.
●      Transfer between subsidiaries: We may transfer user and customer information to our affiliates and to third party providers for the sole purpose of providing our services.
Newsletter
If you subscribe to our newsletter, we will process your e-mail address and data to verify your subscription. You can cancel your subscription at any time by sending a message to us or by clicking the 'unsubscribe' button in every email.
Your rights according to the GDPR
As the data subject, you have the right of access (art 15 GDPR), the right to rectification (art 16 GDPR), the right to erasure of your personal data (art 17 GDPR), the right to restriction of and object to the processing of your personal data (art 18 GDPR and art. 21 GDPR) as well as the right to data portability (art 20 GDPR). Furthermore, you have the option to file a complaint against the processing of your personal data with  a supervisory authority (for example, the data protection authority responsible for us, which is the Berliner Beauftragte für Datenschutz und Informationsfreiheit at
https://www.datenschutz-berlin.de/
, Art. 77 GDPR).
If you have given your consent to the processing of your data, you can withdraw the given consent at any time (art.7 para.3 GDPR) by sending us an email to
privacy@adjust.com
.  The withdrawal of consent shall not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
You can object to the processing of your personal data insofar as we base the processing of your personal data on our legitimate interests. This is the case in particular if the processing is not necessary for the fulfilment of a contractual obligation to you, which we in each case present in the description of the functions which follow. In case of such objection, we kindly ask for an explanation of the reasons for the objection against the processing of your personal data. In the case of your justified objection, we will examine the situation and will either discontinue or adapt the data processing or point out to you our compelling legitimate reasons based on which we continue the processing your personal data.
Of course, you can object to the processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes at any time.
In this case, please send an e-mail to
privacy@adjust.com
.
Your California Privacy Rights
If you are a California resident, please review our
California Resident Privacy Notice
("CCPA") for information regarding your California privacy rights.
Transfer to Third Countries
If personal data is being transferred to countries outside the European Economic Area, we only transfer it to third countries where the EU Commission has confirmed an adequate level of protection or where we can ensure the careful handling of personal data by means of contractual agreements (Standard Contract Clauses) or other suitable guarantees, such as certifications or proven compliance with international security standards. Information on this is available from us upon request.
Data Privacy Framework
Adjust Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Adjust Inc. has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern.  To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) Program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, Adjust Inc. commits to cooperate and comply with the advice of the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPAs) with regard to unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF. We are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC).
For complaints regarding DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms, you have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration. Further information can be found on the official DPF website.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, Adjust Inc. commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information. EU individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF should first contact Adjust Inc. at:
privacy@adjust.com
If you are an EU individual, where we transfer your personal data to third party servicer providers (see below) who perform services for us or on our behalf, we are responsible for the processing of that data by them and shall remain liable if they process your personal data in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
Choice: If personal data covered by this Privacy Policy is to be used for a new purpose that is materially different from that for which the personal data was originally collected or subsequently authorized, or is to be disclosed to a non-agent third party in a manner not specified in this Policy, Adjust will provide you with an opportunity to choose whether to have your personal data so used or disclosed. Requests to opt out of such uses or disclosures of Personal Data should be sent to us at
privacy@adjust.com
2. Tracking Technologies on our Website
Google Analytics
We use the Google Analytics service of the provider Google Ireland Limited Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland on our website.
Google Analytics is a web analytics service that allows us to collect and analyze data about the behavior of visitors to our website. Google Analytics uses cookies for this purpose, which enable an analysis of the use of our website. This involves processing of personal data in the form of online identifiers (including cookie identifiers), IP addresses, device identifiers and information about interaction with our website.
Some of this data is information that is stored in the terminal device you are using. In addition, further information is also stored on your end device via the cookies used. Such storage of information by Google Analytics or access to information that is already stored in your terminal device only takes place with your consent.
Google Ireland will process the data collected in this way on our behalf in order to evaluate the use of our website by the users, to compile reports on the activities within our website and to provide us with further services associated with the use of our website and the use of the internet. In doing so, pseudonymous usage profiles of the users can be created from the processed data.
The personal data processed on our behalf to provide Google Analytics may be transferred to any country in which Google Ireland or Google Ireland's sub-processors maintain facilities. Please note the information in the section "Data transfer to third countries".
In addition to the option to reject Google Analytics in our Consent Banner, you can also prevent the collection of data generated by the cookie and related to your use of the website (including your IP address) to Google and the processing of this data by Google by downloading and installing the browser plugin available at the following link:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en
.
We only use Google Analytics with IP anonymization enabled. This means that the IP address of the user is shortened by Google Ireland within member states of the European Union or in other contracting states of the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the IP address be transferred to Google on a server in the USA and shortened there. The IP address transmitted by the user's browser is not merged with other data. You can find Google's privacy policy here:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US
.
We use the Google Analytics 4 variant, which allows us to track interaction data from different devices and from different sessions. This allows us to put individual user actions in context and analyze long-term relationships.
The data about user actions are stored for a period of 14 months and then automatically deleted. All other event data is stored for 2 months and are then automatically deleted. Thereby, the deletion of the data whose storage period has expired takes place automatically once a month.
Google Ads
We use the online advertising program Google Ads of Google Ireland, Limited Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland (“Google”) on our website, through which we place advertisements on the Google search engine. When you access our website via a Google ad, Google sets a cookie on your terminal device ("conversion cookie"). In the process, a different conversion cookie is assigned to each Google Ads customer, so that the cookies are not tracked across the websites of different Ads customers. The information obtained with the help of the cookie is used to create conversion statistics. This tells us the total number of users who clicked on one of our Google ads. However, we do not receive any information with which users can be personally identified. When using the service, a transfer of your data to the USA cannot be excluded. Please note the information in the section "Data transfer to third countries". You can find Google's privacy policy here:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US
.
Google Remarketing
We also use the Google Analytics advertising features (remarketing) from Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland. This function enables us, in conjunction with the cross-device functions of Google, to display advertisements in a more targeted manner and to present users with ads that are tailored to their interests. Via the remarketing, users are shown ads and products for which interest has been identified on other websites in the Google network. The function allows us to link advertising target groups created via Google Analytics Remarketing with the cross-device functions of Google Ads. In this way, interest-based, personalized advertising messages that have been adapted to a user depending on previous usage and surfing behavior on an end device (e.g. cell phone) can also be displayed on another end device of the user (e.g. tablet or PC).
If you have given your consent, Google will link your web and app browsing history with your Google account for this purpose. In this way, the same personalized advertising messages can be placed on every end device on which you log in with your Google account. The aggregation of the collected data in your Google account is based solely on your consent, which you can give or withdraw at Google. For these linked services, data is then collected via Google Analytics for advertising purposes. To support the remarketing function, Google Analytics collects users' Google-authenticated IDs, which are temporarily linked to our Google Analytics data. This is used to define and create target groups for cross-device ad advertising.
Privacy policy of Google:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US
Further information and setting options for personalized advertising at Google can be found here:
https://support.google.com/My-Ad-Center-Help/answer/12155451?hl=en&sjid=174251308182856932-EU
.
Google Signals
We use the Signals feature of Google Analytics, a service provided by Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland. Google Signals recognises individual users using different devices (so-called cross-device tracking). We only receive anonymous data in the form of a report that shows patterns in user behaviour. Google Signals helps us to better understand how visitors interact with our website and to show more meaningful and personalized ads to these visitors after leaving our website.
For this, session data is being processed and linked with website visitors that
• have a Google account;
• are logged in to their Google account when they access the corresponding website; and
• have turned on the “Ads personalization” feature in their Google account.
If you do not wish to be subject to the Signals feature, you can deactivate the “Ads personalization” feature in your Google account.
The privacy policy of Google can be found here:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Meta Pixel (formerly known as Facebook Pixel)
We use the "visitor action pixels" from Meta Platforms Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland ("Meta") on our website. This allows user behavior to be tracked after they have been redirected to our website by clicking on a Facebook ad. This enables us to measure the effectiveness of Facebook ads for statistical and market research purposes. The data collected in this way is anonymous to us, i.e. we do not see the personal data of individual users. However, this data is stored and processed by Meta, which is why we are informing you, based on our knowledge of the situation. Meta may link this information to your Facebook account and also use it for its own promotional purposes, in accordance with
Facebook's Data Usage Policy
. You can allow Meta and its partners to place ads on and off Facebook. A cookie may also be stored on your computer for these purposes. You can object to the collection of your data by Meta pixel, or to the use of your data for the purpose of displaying Facebook ads in your account-settings. You can find Meta's privacy policy here:
https://de-de.facebook.com/privacy/policy/?entry_point=data_policy_redirect&entry=0
.
LinkedIn Insight Tag
The LinkedIn Insight Tag is a piece of lightweight JavaScript code that we have added to our websites to enable in-depth campaign reporting and to help us unlock valuable insights about our website visitors. The LinkedIn Insight Tag is offered by LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company, Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Ireland. We use the LinkedIn Insight Tag to track conversions, retarget website visitors, and unlock additional insights about members interacting with our LinkedIn adverts. The LinkedIn Insight Tag enables the collection of metadata such as IP address information, timestamp, and events such as page views. All data is encrypted. The LinkedIn browser cookie is stored in a visitor's browser until they delete the cookie or the cookie expires. You can opt out of cookies from LinkedIn on your
LinkedIn settings page
and recommend you read their
Cookie Policy
for more information. ​​You can find LinkedIn's privacy policy here:
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
.
Marketing Cloud Account Engagement (formerly Salesforce Pardot)
Marketing Cloud Account Engagement is a B2B marketing automation tool by Salesforce, which we use to keep customers informed about upcoming events, product updates/ new features, etc. This marketing tool is embedded in our website for general marketing purposes, including e-mail, social media, digital ads, web management and analytics. For this marketing tool, we use cookies to identify you when you visit and re-visit our website. With this tool we track different data points when you are using our website in order to improve the website content we provide to you as well as to improve our marketing campaigns and make their content more relevant for you. For more information on Salesforce's privacy policy, you can find their privacy policy here:
https://www.salesforce.com/company/privacy/
.
Hotjar
Hotjar Ltd. Dragonara Business Centre, 5th Floor, Dragonara Road, Paceville St Julian’s STJ 3141, Malta, provides a service which analyses the online behavior of website users by combining analytics and feedback tools.
Hotjar will collect and process your IP address when you navigate through and interact with the contents of our website and to evaluate the use of Adjust Dashboard. The sole purpose for passively collecting this information is by means of the website analysis to improve your experience when using our website and Adjust Dashboard. Hotjar offers information on how users can stop the analysis:
https://www.hotjar.com/policies/do-not-track/
. You can find Hotjar's privacy policy here:
https://www.hotjar.com/legal/policies/privacy/
Drift
Drift Inc., 222 Berkeley Street, Suite 600, Boston, MA 02116, USA, is providing a conversation-driven marketing platform. We have implemented Drift’s chatbot tool on our website in order to engage and communicate with website visitors interested in our services. For this, Drift records conversation data, IP address and contact information. Drift's privacy policy can be found here:
https://www.drift.com/privacy-policy/
.
Microsoft Advertising
We use Universal Event Tracking (UET) on our website via the Microsoft Advertising service of Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited, One Microsoft Place, South County Business Park, Leopardstown, Dublin 18, Ireland. Via UET, Microsoft stores a cookie in the user's browser to enable an analysis of the use of our online offer. The prerequisite for this is that the user has reached our website via an advertisement from Microsoft Advertising. In this way, we and Microsoft can recognise that someone has clicked on an ad, has been redirected to our online offer and has reached a previously determined target page (conversion measurement). No IP addresses are stored in this process. No further personal information about the identity of the user is communicated either.
For more information on data protection at Microsoft, please refer to Microsoft's privacy statement at
http://privacy.microsoft.com/en/privacystatement
. Microsoft offers the opportunity to opt out under
https://account.microsoft.com/privacy/ad-settings/signedout?lang=en-US
.
6sense
We use 6sense, a marketing automation software on our website. The service is provided by 6sense Insights, Inc., 450 Mission Street, San Francisco, CA 94105, United States. 6sense enables us to identify and target B2B prospects who have shown interest in our services. This allows us to optimize and improve our marketing strategy.
The data shared with 6sense includes cookie and other online identifiers, names, email addresses, phone numbers, social media contact information, company names, customer status, industry and job descriptions, websites visited, location information, and commercial interests. We process this data based on your consent as well as based on our commercial marketing interests. You can find more information about the data processed by 6sense in their privacy policy at
https://6sense.com/privacy-policy/
.
G2
We use G2 Track Your Prospects, a marketing analytics service on our website. The service is provided by
G2.com
, Inc., 100 S. Wacker Drive, Chicago, IL 60606, United States. G2 allows us to identify and target B2B prospects who have shown interest in our services to optimize and improve our marketing strategy.
The data shared with G2 includes the data collected by Google Analytics as well as data about your activity on our website as well as on the G2 website, namely cookie and other online identifiers, information stored in your G2 profile, information about your industry, customer status, websites visited and website usage information, location information, and likely commercial interests. We process this data based on your consent as well as based on our commercial marketing interests. You can find more information about the data processed by G2 in their privacy policy at
https://legal.g2.com/privacy-policy
.
Appzi
We use Appzi, a website visitor feedback collection tool on our website. The service is provided by Appzi, Inc., 2035 Sunset Lake Road, Newark, DE 19702, United States. Appzi allows us to collect feedback from website visitors. The data collected by Appzi includes the feedback provided by website visitors as well as information about your system (non-precise location, device type, operating system, browser type, screen resolution, URL visited). We process this data based on your consent as well as based on our commercial marketing interests. You can find more information about the data processed by Appzi in their privacy policy at
https://www.appzi.com/privacy
.
Demandbase
We use Demandbase, an account-based marketing service, on our website. The service is provided by Demandbase, Inc., 222 2nd St., 24th Floor, San Francisco, CA 94105, USA. Demandbase enables us to identify and target B2B prospects who have shown interest in our services. This allows us to optimize and improve our marketing strategy.
The data shared with Demandbase includes contact details of our clients and prospects (first and last name, company name, title, email. address(es), phone number(s), business address.) and website traffic data collected via Demandbase Tag (IP address, cookie ID, HTTP header, website engagement information). We process this data based on your consent as well as based on our commercial marketing interests. You can find more information about the data processed by Demandbase in their privacy policy at
https://www.demandbase.com/privacy/.
3. Other Recipients
Cookiebot
We use the consent technology of Usercentrics A/S, Havnegade 39, 1058 Copenhagen, Denmark (hereinafter "Cookiebot") to obtain consent for the storage of certain cookies on your terminal device or for other actions requiring consent and to document and manage these in accordance with data protection laws. The purpose of the data processing is the analysis, management and proof of the consents granted, in order to comply with our obligation of a GDPR-compliant consent management.
When you access our websites, a connection is established to the servers of Cookiebot in order to obtain your consent and other declarations regarding the use of cookies. Cookiebot then stores a cookie in your browser in order to be able to assign the consents granted to you or their withdrawal. The data collected in this way is stored until you request us to delete it, delete the Cookiebot cookie yourself or the purpose for storing the data no longer applies. Mandatory legal storage obligations remain unaffected.
Among other things, your IP address (in anonymized form, the last 3 digits are set to 0), the date and time of your consent, our website URL, technical browser data, an encrypted anonymous key and the cookies you have allowed (as proof of consent) are processed.
The privacy policy of Cookiebot can be found here:
https://www.cookiebot.com/en/privacy-policy/
Gong
In our sales activities, we use the "Gong" service of Gong.io Inc., 265 Cambridge Ave, Suite 60717, Palo Alto, CA 94306, USA. We use Gong to record, transcribe and analyse video conferences between our sales staff and you. The service is used exclusively with your consent for the purpose of employee training. You will find Gong's Privacy Policy at
https://www.gong.io/privacy-policy
.
Facebook Lead Ads
We use Facebook Lead Ads from Meta Platforms Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland. Users may submit their contact information to us through certain advertisements, which we then process for promotional and advertising purposes. For more information visit:
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
.
LinkedIn Lead Gen Forms
LinkedIn, meaning LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company, Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Irland, offers Ads that allow people to submit their contact and other information to us ("Lead Gen Forms").  We process the data transmitted to us for advertising purposes. You entered data will also be processed by LinkedIn. For more information visit:
https://linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
.
Amplitude
Amplitude is an analysis service of Amplitude Inc., 201 3rd Street, Suite 200, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA. This tool collects technical information, such as the type of your device (e.g., iPhone 7 or the operating system used (e.g., iOS 10.3). In addition, Amplitude tracks location data (e.g. country) and internal data (e.g. language, server upload time, session ID) that occur when using our Adjust Dashboard. Such events may, for example, be how long you were logged into our Dashboard and from which country. In other words, Amplitude helps us understand how you use our Dashboard so we can improve the experience. You will find additional information about the manner in which Amplitude processes data at:
https://amplitude.com/privacy
.
Rollbar
To better understand any possible errors in the source code of our dashboard, we share some data from our dashboard users with Rollbar, Inc., 665 3rd St Ste 150, San Francisco, California, 94107, USA. These data include the dashboard user's name, email address, and device information, such as a description of the error or bug the dashboard user experienced while using the dashboard. For further information please refer to Rollbar's privacy policy at
https://docs.rollbar.com/docs/privacy-policy
.
Pendo
Pendo is an analysis service of Pendo.io Inc. 301 Hillsborough Street, Suite 1900, Raleigh, NC 27603, USA that we use to evaluate the use of our Adjust Dashboard, generate reports on activities, analyze behavioral metrics and improve the experience. The tool collects the Adjust Dashboard user name, email-address, country and region as well as usage data when using our Adjust Dashboard. You can find more information in Pendo's privacy policy at
www.pendo.io/legal/privacy-policy/
.
Facebook Page
We operate a Facebook page (so-called "Fanpage") on Facebook, a service of Meta Platforms Ireland Ltd, 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2,
Meta collects and uses data to provide analytics services, known as "page insights," to site operators to help them gain insight into how people interact with their sites and the content associated with them. This data includes information about the types of content users view or interact with, or the actions they take, as well as information about the devices users use, such as IP addresses, operating system, browser type, language settings, cookie data.
We are jointly responsible with Meta Platforms Ireland Ltd. for the collection and processing of data of visitors to our Fanpage. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interest in improving the user experience when visiting our Fanpage, in effective promotional activities using social media and communication about specific products, and measuring and adjusting such activities., art. 6 para. 1 lit. f) DSGVO. We have therefore concluded a joint controller agreement with Meta regarding the processing of your data pursuant to Art. 26 DSGVO. The agreement with Meta also regulates in particular which security measures Meta must observe and that Meta must fulfill the data subject rights.
You can find more information about page insights as well as information on how to assert your data subject rights in the "
Information on page insights
". You can view the terms and conditions of the contract concluded with Meta
here
. You can find Meta's privacy policy here:
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/policy/
LinkedIn Page
We operate a LinkedIn page on LinkedIn, a service of LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company, Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Ireland.
LinkedIn collects and uses data to provide analytics services, known as "page insights", to site operators to help them understand how people interact with their pages and with the content associated with them. This data includes information about the types of content that users view or interact with, or the actions they take, as well as information about the devices used by users, such as IP addresses, operating system, browser type, language settings, cookie data.
We are jointly responsible with the LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company for the collection and processing of information about visitors to our page. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interest in improving the user experience when visiting our LinkedIn Page, in effective promotional activities using social media and communication about specific products, and measuring and adjusting such activities, art. 6 para. 1 lit. f. GDPR. We have therefore concluded an agreement with LinkedIn on joint responsibility with regard to the processing of your data in accordance with art. 26 GDPR. In particular, the agreement with LinkedIn also regulates which security measures LinkedIn must observe and that LinkedIn must comply with the rights of data subjects.
You can find further information on the Page-Insights as well as instructions on how to assert your data subject rights in the privacy policy of LinkedIn (
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
). The terms of the agreement concluded with LinkedIn can be viewed here (
https://legal.linkedin.com/pages-joint-controller-addendum
).
4. Processing of data through the Adjust technology
We provide mobile analytics and attribution services to mobile app providers (our "Customers"). In connection with these services, we may process certain data from the users of these mobile apps (collectively the "End User" or "You"), as further described hereafter. We process the data upon instructions from our Customers and do not have any kind of direct relationship with the You as the End User.
Our SDK and APIs (collectively the "Adjust Technology") may process some of the following data from You as the End User:
●        IP address
●        Mobile identifiers such as the ID for Advertising for iOS (IDFA), Google Advertising ID or similar mobile identifiers
●        User Agent
●        Installation and first opening of an app on Your mobile device
●        Your interactions within an app (e.g. in-app purchases, registration)
●        Information regarding which advertisements You have seen or clicked on
●        For the Fraud product additionally: sensory data including touch events, counting text changes, accelerometer, gyroscope, battery, light sensor, device hardware specifications and operating system version
We use the aforementioned data for providing mobile analytics and attribution services to our Customers, and thereby allow our customers to measure their marketing performance, to match You to their campaigns and to understand how You engage with our Customers’ apps. Furthermore, we enable our Customers to measure Your interactions in their apps in real time in order to see how You engage over their full lifetime. The aforementioned data is therefore processed in order to analyze the performance of marketing campaigns and to provide performance reports to our Customers. We do not combine the data with any other data that would enable us to personally identify You. Any information processed via the Adjust Technology is owned and controlled by our Customer who has implemented the Adjust Technology into their mobile app.
We do not share or disclose the user data with anyone else except with our server providers and in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including national security or law enforcement requirements. We store the data as long as our Customers are using the Adjust Technology because we need it to provide our services to our Customers, if not requested otherwise by our Customers. In some cases, there is a transfer of data to third countries outside the European Union. This is done on the basis of statutory provisions that are intended to ensure an adequate level of protection for Your personal data. For more information, please contact us.
Customers who have
child-directed apps
must choose the appropriate product settings and must not share any personal data with Partners or any third parties. Customers must agree to the section in our
Terms and Conditions
accordingly.
5. Changes to Our Privacy Policy
It is our policy to post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this page. If we make material changes to how we treat our users' personal information, we will notify you through a notice on the Website home page. The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable e-mail address for you, and for periodically visiting our website and this privacy policy to check for any changes.
Sub-policy 6
https://policies.google.com/privacy:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 7
https://www.appier.com/retargeting-privacy-policy/:
This website stores cookies on your device. These cookies are used to collect information about how you interact with our website and allow us to remember you. We use this information in order to improve and customize your browsing experience and for analytics and metrics about our visitors both on this website and other media. To find out more about the cookies we use, see our
Privacy Policy
.
If you decline, your information won’t be tracked when you visit this website. Necessary essential cookies will be used in your browser to remember your preference not to be tracked.
Accept
Decline
Our Statement of Commitment
At Appier, we are committed to protecting data privacy and prioritizing security. In a time when hacks and leaks are commonplace, we understand your concerns and take measures to ensure you can use our solutions with confidence. Appier is doing the utmost to maintain compliance with personal data regulations and data privacy guidelines, including GDPR and ISO 27001, two of the most comprehensive data protection and information security standards in the world. We employ a number of product and data security features that provide layers of protection for you and your business from threats and risks. Appier takes issues of privacy and security with the utmost seriousness, and we work on maintaining your trust in us everyday.
Product Security
We are aware of the sorts of backdoors and attacks unauthorized third parties may try to gain access to your sensitive information. To fend off these unauthorized access, we have equipped our products with a number of security features.
Single Sign-On
Appier offers users a “Single Sign-On'' (SSO) option to access its platforms. With the one set of credentials, users can securely authenticate and sign into all Appier’s platforms. The SSO eliminates the complications of having multiple sets of credentials while ensuring that all users are authenticated. Furthermore, we support multi-factor authentication for logins, making the authentication process more stringent and thus more secure.
API Security
API, short for application programming interface, is the software intermediary that makes it possible for two applications to communicate with each other. To keep this intermediary safe, Appier adopts a principle of least privilege for its platforms and requires authentication and authorization to access any of them.
Account Audit Log
Appier’s platforms come with an audit log that allows the administrators to see who made what changes to the content on the platforms as well as control who has access to what information.
IP Whitelisting
Appier gives users the ability to choose which IP addresses users grant access to where the default setting is denying all addresses. This feature enables users to create an IP whitelist of addresses they trust with access.
Certification
To ensure that our customers can rest assured that their data is safe and protected when using our solutions, Appier continues to monitor the latest regulations and policies surrounding privacy and security and strives to comply with them.
GDPR compliant
The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) is a legal framework that sets guidelines for governing the collection and processing of personal information from individuals who live in the European Union. All businesses, whether or not they have a presence in Europe, need to comply with the GDPR if they are processing personal data from EU residents.
Appier has assembled a cross-functional team to work on GDPR compliance tasks and ensure that we meet the legislative and/or contractual GDPR-related obligations. For more information about what compliance entails, please refer to our
GDPR statement
.
ISO 27001
ISO 27001 is the international standard for managing information security. The standard lays out the requirements for “establishing, implementing and continually improving an information security management system” within an organization. This is a voluntary certification for which Appier has successfully completed the requirements and been certified via an audit.
ISO 27701
ISO 27701 is a privacy extension of ISO27001. The standard is meant to enhance the existing information security management system, mentioned above, making a privacy information management system. Appier has received this certification and can assure customers that it has a robust system in place to reduce the risk to the privacy rights of individuals.
Appier Named as Best Business AI Applications Service Provider 2021 by APAC Insider
AiDeal Named as Best Overall AI-based Analytics Solution in 2020 by AI Breakthrough
Appier Highly Commended in The Drum Digital Advertising Awards APAC 2020
Appier ranked as Tops ROI-Driving Ad Partner by Singular
Appier Received TAG Anti-Fraud Certification
Appier Received ISO 27001 Certification
Appier Received ISO 27701 Certification
Appier Named in CB Insights’ Second Annual AI 100 Companies 2018
Appier Named as Gartner Cool Vendor for Artificial Intelligence, East Asia, 2017
Sub-policy 8
https://searchads.apple.com/privacy:
Apple Ads
Local Nav Open Menu
Local Nav Close Menu
Advanced
Basic
Our Approach
Success Stories
Help
Resources
Sign In
Advanced
(Opens in a new window)
Basic
(Opens in a new window)
Apple
Search Ads
and privacy.
Privacy is at the center of everything we do.
Apple Search Ads has been built from the ground up to respect privacy. Our advertising platform is designed to protect users’ information and give them control over how we use it for advertising.
No user tracking or
data sharing
Apple Search Ads doesn’t buy or share users’ personal information with other companies. We don’t track people by linking user or device data collected from Apple apps with user or device data collected from third parties for advertising targeting or measurement. And we don’t share user or device data with data brokers.
Users’ Apple Pay transactions, Health app data, and HomeKit app data are not used by Apple Search Ads to deliver ads.
Easy control for users
Users may view and limit the information Apple uses to deliver relevant ads to them, by choosing whether to enable the Personalized Ads setting. They may also choose whether location-based information can be used to determine which ads they see.
More about ad preferences
Minors protected
Apple Search Ads doesn’t serve ads to any user whose Apple Account is registered to a minor under 13 years of age or set up as a Managed Apple Account. Nor do we collect, use, or disclose any information from them.
Apple Search Ads also doesn’t allow explicit targeting of people whose Apple Account is registered to a user under the age of 18.
Safe content
Every app on the App Store goes through a thorough review, as do the assets used to promote it. Only these approved assets can be used in Apple Search Ads campaigns.
Transparency and
disclosure
All ads have an “Ad” mark so customers can identify the ads as paid placements. They can tap this mark to see the information used to serve the ad.
How we connect customers and advertisers.
Apple Search Ads empowers advertisers, while protecting individuals.
Advertisers have the ability to deliver targeted ads to customer segments, which are groups of people with similar characteristics. Each segment must contain at least 5000 people, which ensures that no customer can be individually targeted.
To ensure we deliver the most relevant ads, Apple Search Ads may use the following:
Account Information
This includes the information a customer includes in their Apple Account.
App Store Data
This includes information provided by developers to define and categorize their apps. It also includes insights derived from non-personal historical search terms, App Store downloads, App Store browsing activity, and in-app purchases made through the App Store.
App Transaction Data
This includes historical information about users’ transactions on the App Store, including apps they’ve downloaded and in-app purchases they’ve made.
Contextual Information
This includes a customer’s device type, iOS version, time of day, device location, search query, and information about the page they’re viewing, or app they're downloading.
Sub-policy 9
https://www.applovin.com/privacy/:
Products
Axon
AI-powered recommendation engine
AppDiscovery
Acquire your ideal users
MAX
Monetize your app
SparkLabs
Create ads that perform
AppLovin Exchange
Reach your audience
Array
Increase value across customer’s lifecycle
Adjust
Measure your marketing
Wurl
Our streaming TV solution
Solutions
Increase ARPDAU
Grow Ad Inventory
Acquire App Users
Increase IAPs
Resources
Success Stories
Blog
Video Library
Guides and Reports
Glossary
Events
View all resources
More about us
Partners
Jobs
NEW
Press
About Us
Sign Up
Sign In
ENG
中文
日本語
한국어
Privacy Policy
Overview
Policies
Privacy Policy
隐私政策
Datenschutzerklärung
プライバシーポリシー
개인정보 보호 정책
Política de Privacidade
Politique de confidentialité
AppLovin Partners
AppLovin Policies for Publishers
AppLovin Policies for Demand Partners
AppLovin Array Privacy Policy
Terms
Terms of Use
使用协议条款
Vereinbarung über die Nutzungsbedingungen
利用規約
이용 약관 계약
Contrato de Termos de Uso
Accord sur les Conditions d’utilisation
DMCA Notice
End User License Agreement — Software
AppLovin Array Terms of Service
APPLOVIN PLATFORM DATA PROCESSING AGREEMENT
AppLovin Demand Partner Data Processing Agreement
Effective Date
: October 30, 2024
You can find the prior version
here
.
AppLovin Corporation (“we,” “us,” “our,” or “AppLovin”) operates a suite of tools for app developers and other businesses to automate and optimize the marketing and monetization of their platforms, products, or services by enabling the placement of different types of advertisements on digital properties including mobile apps, websites, and connected TV devices (collectively, the “Advertising Services” or “Services”).  As explained below, consumers interact with us in a few ways, primarily through advertisements served by AppLovin on behalf of advertisers.
The AppLovin Privacy Policy (this “Privacy Policy”) explains how we collect, use, and share information through our Services and advertising platform, and our corporate website at www.applovin.com (the “Website”), as well as your choices related to that information.
Contents
Our Advertising Services
Our Website
Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
Policy Changes
Contact Us
Our Advertising Services
This section describes the information we collect, use, and share through our Advertising Services.
General Information Collection and Use
If you are a consumer who downloads and uses an application which contains the AppLovin SDK or otherwise interacts with the Services through advertisements served within a digital property, we may collect certain information, including the following:
Device, App, and Browser Data
Device make, model, and operating system;
Device properties related to screen size, orientation, audio, battery, device memory usage, settings, and boot time;
Device settings related to accessibility features, font size, and theme;
Carrier;
Name and properties of mobile application through which a consumer interacts with the Services;
Country, time zone, and locale settings (country and preferred language);
Network connection type and speed;
IP Address;
Internet browser user-agent used to access the Services;
HTTP header information;
Advertising IDs (IDFA/GAID/Amazon FOSAID);
Vendor IDs (IDFV);
App Set IDs; and
Advertising and tracking preferences and restrictions.
Application publishers may choose to share with us additional information including your age or year of birth, gender, email, phone number, and interest segments for purposes of their own direct ad serving.  We do not retain this data or pass it downstream to advertising partners.  Please see the applicable publisher’s privacy policy for more information about their use of first party data.
Advertisers (through the advertiser itself or through a third party service provider on behalf of such advertiser) may also share transactional or “event” data related to a consumer’s interaction with an application, such as information about the actions taken in an application like purchases or application installations.
Information Collection and Use Specific
to
e-Commerce Ads Only
If you are a consumer who interacts with the Services through an e-commerce platform or a merchant website, we may collect certain additional information (that you provided to the e-commerce platform or merchant, through a third party’s API, our SDK, pixel, or other similar technologies), including the following:
User IDs;
Shopping browsing behavior (e.g., views) and search history;
Records of products purchased or considered (e.g., added to cart, check out);
Purchasing histories; and
Information regarding user interactions with advertising partners and their merchant partners’ sites and advertisements.
How We Collect Your Information
This information may be collected automatically across mobile apps and devices or received from third-parties across different technologies over time. We may also combine information we collect with other information we derive through analytical techniques, and we will use that combined information to offer the Services.
How We Use Your Information
We generally use the information we collect to:
Deliver the Services, maintain, and improve them, including our AI-powered advertising technology, and research and develop new ones;
Promote safety, security, and integrity of Services;
Provide measurement, analytics, and reporting; and
Comply with legal and regulatory obligations.
We use AI-powered advertising technology (sometimes referred to as “automated decision-making”) to help us improve our advertising products and Services and serve ads that are relevant and interesting to you. We use it in ways that do not produce legal or similarly significant effects on you (for example, by reordering how advertisements might appear when you visit a digital property such as a mobile app or a website).
Information Sharing
We may share information we collect or derive with third parties in the following contexts:
Service Providers.
We transfer information to service providers, and other partners who support our business, such as providing technical infrastructure services, analyzing how our Services are used, measuring the effectiveness of ads and services, providing customer service, or facilitating payments. These partners must adhere to strict confidentiality obligations in a way that is consistent with this Privacy Policy and the agreements we enter into with them.
Affiliates.
We may share information within the AppLovin family of companies for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Advertising Partners.
We share information with our third-party advertising partners, including advertisers, ad networks, exchanges, demand side platforms, merchants, other advertising partners (who aggregate their own demand sources), and ad optimization and measurement/attribution partners (e.g., mobile measurement partners or “MMPs”) to provide our clients with Advertising Services. This information may be used by such third-party partners to measure how effective ads are, show advertisements to end users for products and services that are more likely to appeal to them (a practice known as interest-based advertising or behavioral advertising), and to undertake web analytics to analyze traffic and other ad activity to improve the advertising experience.
Unless otherwise noted in our partner list, each AppLovin advertising partner is an independent controller of your data. You can view a list of AppLovin advertising partners with whom we share your data
here
, current as of the date listed at the top of that page.
If you do not want to receive interest-based advertisements, please see the
“Manage Your Privacy Choices”
section below. If you are located in the European Union, UK, or Switzerland, you may also see the
“Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals”
section below for more options. If you are an individual resident of the U.S. states that have enacted comprehensive consumer privacy laws, you may also review the “
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
” section below for more options.
Please note that the practices of our third-party advertising partners delivering advertisements through our Services are subject to those partners’ own privacy policies.
Regulatory or Legal Requirements.
We may disclose information to governmental regulatory authorities as required by law, including for tax or accounting purposes, in response to their requests for such information or to assist in investigations. We may also disclose personal information to third parties in connection with claims, disputes, or litigation, when otherwise required by law or court order.
Safety and Terms Enforcement.
We may disclose information if we determine, in our sole discretion, that its disclosure is necessary to protect the health, safety, or rights of you or any other person, protect against fraud, or enforce our legal rights, including contractual commitments made to us by third parties.
Business Transfers.
We may disclose personal information as part of an organizational business transaction, such as a merger, acquisition, joint venture, financing, or sale of organizational assets and may transfer personal information to a third party as one of the business assets in such a transaction. We may also disclose personal information in the event of insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership.
Manage Your Privacy Choices:
To limit collection of information from mobile devices, please visit your device’s settings to set the “Limit Ad Track” or other similar features on your device. Additionally, you may opt-out of interest-based advertising within ads served by AppLovin. For detailed instructions, see
How AppLovin Shows You Ads
. You can also make choices about data collection for certain companies by visiting an industry consumer choice platform such as the NAI (
https://optout.networkadvertising.org/
) or DAA (
https://optout.aboutads.info/
).  You may still receive ads after limiting processing of information for interest-based advertising, but those ads may be less relevant to your interests.
To see or manage the data collected by AppLovin from your device, you may download the AppLovin Privacy Management Application from the Apple or Google Play Stores:
By navigating through the tabs in the AppLovin Privacy Management Application, you can erase the personal information that AppLovin may have collected about you or request a copy of that personal information.
Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect personal information from, or serve advertisements to, children as defined and required by applicable laws. If you believe we have served an advertisement to a child or might have any personal information from or about a child, or if you believe a mobile application in which an AppLovin-served advertisement appeared may be designed for, directed to, or pass personal information knowingly from, children in violation of our policies, please contact us via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Data Security and Retention
We implement reasonable measures to help secure the information we collect through the Services. We retain the data we collect through the Services for up to 2 years. Information is automatically purged from our system if the Services do not receive any updated information for a device in the last 2 years. Note that we will retain information in our systems for as long as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
[END OF ADVERTISING SERVICES-SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
Our Website
This section describes the information we collect, use, and share through our Website.
Cookies and Other Similar Technology
The Website uses cookies, web beacons, or other similar technology to collect information for various purposes, including interest-based advertising. This information may include your IP address, device identifier, browser type, device type, the date and time of your visit, and the areas of the Website you visit. To learn more about and manage the cookies on this Website, please click “Cookie Settings” in our Website footer. You may also be able to limit the use of cookies through your browser settings. Note that certain parts of the Website may not function properly without cookies. Additionally, you may still receive ads after limiting processing of information for interest-based advertising, but those ads may be less relevant to your interests. If you erase your cookies, reset your device identifier, or use different browsers or devices, you may need to make your choices again.
We partner with Google Analytics to learn more about how you use our Website. For more information about how Google Analytics works you can visit
here
. To opt-out of Google Analytics, you can visit
here
and follow the instructions.
Additional Information Collection for Business Account Owners
When you register with AppLovin to use our Services, you may provide us with personal information such as your name, email address, phone number, mailing address, user name, and password. You may also provide us with payment information when you submit or receive a payment, or other information when you complete the online forms available on the Website. We may also acquire information from other trusted sources to update or supplement the information that you voluntarily provide to us or that we collect automatically.
How We Use Your Information
We may use the information we collect or you provide to us through the Website for various purposes, including:
To communicate with you, for example through newsletters or with other information about our products and services;
To operate and improve the Website and our Services;
To customize the Website;
For analytics and research;
For marketing purposes; and
For purposes disclosed at the time of collection.
Information Sharing
We may share information we collect through the Website in the following contexts:
With your consent;
For advertising and marketing purposes;
In response to a subpoena, court order, or other legal process;
To protect our rights and the rights of others;
With our affiliates;
With service providers that help us operate the Website and Services;
As part of a sale, merger, or acquisition, including at bankruptcy; and
For purposes disclosed at the time of collection.
Links to Other Websites
The Website may provide links to other websites or other digital properties that we do not control. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of those digital properties that you may visit.
Updating Information
You can update the personal information you provide to us by correcting, updating, or deleting the information associated with you via your AppLovin account. To add, modify, remove, or request access to the personal information about you that we hold, please see the
“Contact Us”
section below.
Your Marketing Choices
If you no longer wish to receive marketing-related emails from us on a going-forward basis, you may opt out of receiving these emails by clicking “Unsubscribe” at the bottom of any marketing email you receive from us or by emailing us at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Children
Our Website is not intended for use by children as defined and required by applicable law. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children through the Website. If you believe we might have any personal information from or about a child, please contact us via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Data Security and Retention
We have implemented reasonable physical, technical, and administrative security measures for the Website to help protect information we collect and store.
For detailed information regarding retention associated with cookies on the applovin.com domain, please click “Cookie Settings” in our Website footer to learn more.
We retain other information such as customer contact and payment information in our systems for as long as necessary as permitted by law to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
[END OF WEBSITE-SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals
If you are located in the European Union, United Kingdom, or Switzerland, the following additional provisions apply to you.
Data Privacy Framework
AppLovin complies with the EU-U.S Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.
AppLovin has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.  AppLovin has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
If you are an EU, UK, or Swiss individual, where we transfer your personal data to third party servicer providers (see above) who perform services for us or on our behalf, we are responsible for the processing of that data by them and shall remain liable if they process your personal data in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Data Privacy Framework, AppLovin is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, AppLovin may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, AppLovin commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information. EU, UK, and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact AppLovin at
dataprotection@applovin.com
. AppLovin refers unresolved complaints to TRUSTe, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.  If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
for more information or to file a complaint.  These dispute resolution services are provided at no cost to you.
For complaints regarding DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms, you have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration. Further information can be found on the official DPF website.
Lawful Basis for Processing
On certain occasions, we process your personal data when it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party, such as to provide services to you. We may also process your personal data to respond to your inquiries concerning our products and services.
On other occasions, we process your personal data where required by law. We may also process your personal data if necessary to protect your interests or the interests of a third party.
Additionally, we process your personal data when necessary to do so for fraud prevention, improving our network and services, and marketing our services to advertisers and publishers, where these interests are not overridden by your data protection rights.
If the processing of your personal data is necessary, we will generally ensure that consent has been obtained from you if there is no other lawful basis for such processing. You have the right to withdraw your consent to processing of personal data at any time.
If personal data covered by this Privacy Policy is to be used for a new purpose that is materially different from that for which the personal data was originally collected or subsequently authorized, or is to be disclosed to a non-agent third party in a manner not specified in this Privacy Policy, we will provide you with an opportunity to choose whether to have your personal data so used or disclosed. Requests to opt out of such uses or disclosures of personal data should be sent to us as specified in the “Contact” section below. Certain personal data, such as information about medical or health conditions, racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, is considered “Sensitive Information”. AppLovin does not collect or seek to elicit “Sensitive Information”.
For questions about data processing, please contact our Data Protection Officer. Visit the “Contact” section below for contact information.
Your Rights
If you are an individual in the EU, UK, or Switzerland, you are able:
To request access to the personal data we hold about you;
To request that we rectify or erase your personal data;
To request that we restrict or block the processing of your personal data;
Under certain circumstances, to receive personal data about you that we store and transmit to another without hindrance from us, including requesting that we provide your personal data directly to another, i.e., a right to data portability; and
Where we previously obtained your consent, to withdraw consent to processing your personal data.
To exercise these rights, please contact us at the email address set forth in the
“Contact Us”
section below.  Our Data Protection Officer can also be reached at this email address.  Please be aware that we may be unable to afford these rights to you under certain circumstances, such as if we are legally prevented from doing so.
In certain circumstances, you may appoint an authorized agent to exercise any rights that you may have on your behalf.  If you choose to exercise any rights through an authorized agent, you will need to verify your identity directly with us before we can process any requests.  In addition, we will need written documentation demonstrating the authorized agent’s authority to act on your behalf.
Additionally, you have the right to lodge a complaint against us. To do so, contact the supervisory authority in your country of residence.
EU and UK Privacy Representatives
We have appointed
Prighter Group
as our privacy representatives in the EU and UK.  You can contact us through our privacy representatives at the following addresses:
For residents of the EU
:
PrighterGDPR-Rep by Maetzler Rechtsanwalts GmbH & Co KG
c/o AppLovin Corporation
Kriegerstraße 44
30161 Hannover
Germany
For residents of the UK
:
PrighterUK-Rep by Prighter Ltd.
c/o AppLovin Corporation
20 Mortlake Mortlake High Street
London, SW14 8JN
United Kingdom
Additional information regarding our privacy representatives can be found at the following link:
https://prighter.com/q/19826057144
.
[END OF EU/UK/SWISS SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
Additional provisions for individual residents of the U.S. states that have enacted comprehensive consumer privacy laws are included in our
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
, which explains how those residents may exercise their privacy rights.
Policy Changes
We may, in our sole discretion, make changes to this Privacy Policy from time to time in order to accommodate new technologies, industry practices, regulatory requirements, or for other purposes. If we make any changes, we will update the “Effective Date” posted at the top of this Privacy Policy. If we make any material changes, we may notify you by email (sent to the email address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on the Website prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically to ensure that you understand how we collect, use, and share information.
Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when the revised Privacy Policy is posted on the Website. By continuing to use the Website or Advertising Services following such changes, you are agreeing to accept the terms of the revised Privacy Policy.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please write to us at:
Data Protection Officer
AppLovin Corporation
1100 Page Mill Road
Palo Alto, CA 94304
You can also contact us or our Data Protection Officer via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Please be sure to include your relevant account information in any correspondence to us.  This will help ensure that we can respond to your inquiry in a timely manner.
If you have a customer care issue, please visit
AppLovin Support
.
Sub-policy 10
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy:
Facebook
Email or phone
Password
Forgot account?
Create new account
It looks like you were misusing this feature by going too fast. You’ve been temporarily blocked from using it.
Back
English (US)
Gaeilge
Polski
Lietuvių
Português (Brasil)
Русский
Română
Español
Français (France)
Deutsch
Italiano
Meta © 2025
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to help provide and improve content on
Meta Products
. We also use them to provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and to provide and improve Meta Products for people who have an account.
Essential cookies: These cookies are required to use Meta Products and are necessary for our sites to work as intended.
Cookies from other companies: We use these cookies to show you ads off of Meta Products and to provide features like maps and videos on Meta Products. These cookies are optional.
You have control over the optional cookies we use. Learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choices at any time in our
Cookies Policy
.
About cookies
What are cookies?
Learn more
Why do we use cookies?
Learn more
What are Meta Products?
Learn more
Your cookie choices
Learn more
Cookies from other companies
We use cookies from
other companies
in order to show you ads off of our Products, and provide features like maps, payment services and video.
Choose cookies by category
How we use these cookies
If you allow these cookies
If you don't allow these cookies
Other ways you can control your information
Manage your ad experience in Accounts Center
More information about online advertising
Controlling cookies with browser settings
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Sub-policy 11
https://www.fyber.com/privacy-policy/:
Notice at Collection and Website
Privacy Policy
Last Updated
: October 2023.
We at Digital Turbine, Inc. (“
Digital Turbine
,” “
we
,” “
us,
” or “
our
”) put great efforts into making sure that we secure personal information related to you and use it properly.
The notice at collection (“
Notice at Collection
”) and privacy policy (“
Policy
,” and collectively: the “
Notices
”) provided on this page explain our privacy practices for processing personal information related to you when you use our website at
www.digitalturbine.com
(the “
Website
”).
The term “
personal information
” refers to information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular individual consumer or household that identifies an individual or relates to an identifiable individual. For example, personal information is your name, email address, telephone number, and other contact details that you submit to us or that we collect from your mobile device or app.
These Notices apply to visitors to our Website (“
Customers
”).
The summary of this policy will give you a quick and clear view of our practices. Please take the time to read our full policy. If you disagree with this Privacy Policy, please do not access or use our Website.
The Policy Summary below will give you a quick and clear view of our practices. The first six headings in the summary also serve as the Notice at Collection.
Notice at Collection and Summary of the Policy
Categories of personal information you provide us.
We receive and store any information you enter on our Website or give us in any other way. If you register for our newsletter blog or fill out any form on our Website, we will collect your name, company name, and work email address.
Read More
Categories of personal information that we collect
We automatically log ‘traffic/session’ information, including IP addresses and user agents. We collect session durations and additional activity information.
Read More below
Categories of sensitive personal information
The Website is not intended to collect sensitive personal information (within the meaning of US Privacy Laws), we do not knowingly collect such data, and we require that you do not provide us with such data.
Read More below
What do we do with personal information?
We maintain the Website, make it better and continue developing it, and protect us and the Website from misuse and law violations.
Read More below
Who do we disclose, share, or sell personal information with or to?
We use service providers, for example, to send email messages and to store data. We will transfer personal information when we change our corporate structure and share the information with our affiliate entities. We will also obey authorities’ orders and other lawful requirements to disclose information.
Read More below
How long do we retain personal information?
We retain personal information for the length of time required to provide the Website and/or the newsletter or blog to the extent you signed up to either one and for legitimate and lawful purposes, as further explained in the
data retention section
of this policy.
Read More below
Your choices and rights
General:
We will give you various choices about how we use and share personal information related to you, and we will respect your choices. You can stop using the Website, newsletter, or blog at any time or request that your subscription be terminated, following which we will stop collecting personal information related to you. You also have rights under applicable laws, as further detailed in the Policy.
Read More below
US Laws:
In addition to your rights under other sections of the Policy, if you are a United States resident, you have additional rights applicable to processing personal information related to you, as further detailed in the Policy.
Read More below
Exercising your rights
You can terminate your subscription to our newsletter or blog or request that your account be terminated by contacting us at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
.
You can unsubscribe to our mailing lists by clicking the “Unsubscribe” link in these emails and confirming the email address for which you would like to unsubscribe.
You can request to exercise any of the rights detailed under this policy by contacting us.
Suppose you are a resident of the United States. In that case, you can also exercise your rights to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information related to you by visiting our
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Information
page.
Aggregated and analytical information.
Aggregated data is not identifiable. We use it for legitimate business purposes and standard analytical tools.
Read More below
Specific provisions for U.S. residents
Suppose you reside in the United States (U.S.). In that case, further terms apply to our processing about your rights as a data subject under U.S. state laws governing the protection of privacy and personal information, for example, the California Privacy Rights Act of 2022 (CPRA).
Read More below
Transfer of Personal information outside your territory
We keep personal information related to you in the United States and will store it at additional sites at our discretion. Our service providers provide us with adequate security and confidentiality commitments.
Read More below
Cookies and other tracking technologies
We use cookies to make it easier to log in and facilitate any website activity.
Read More below
Information Security
We implement systems, applications, and procedures to secure personal information related to you to minimize the risks of theft, damage, loss of information, or unauthorized access or use of information.
Read More below
Dispute Resolution
Contact us at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
or write us for every request and complaint. We will make good-faith efforts to resolve any existing or potential dispute with you.
Read More below
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We will update our policy from time to time after giving proper notice.
Read More below
Incorporation of the Terms of Use
This policy is an integral part of the Digital Turbine’s
Terms of Use
or, if applicable, of any other Digital Turbine service subscription agreement between you (or the entity you are acting on its behalf) and us.
Read More below
Contact Us
Don’t hesitate to contact us at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
for further information.
Read More below
The Digital Turbine Website Privacy Policy
Categories of Personal Information That You Provide Us
We receive and store any information you enter on our Website or give us in any other way. For example, when you contact us via the Website, we receive any information you provide.
When you contact us to apply for a job with us, you provide us with personal information related to you, which we process for recruitment and general HR purposes.
Categories of Personal Information That We Collect
Like many websites, we use “cookies” (for further information about cookies, please see our
Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies Policy
), and we obtain information when your browser accesses our Website.
We also receive information about your online activity from third-party analytics services when you use the Website. For more information, please see this policy’s “Aggregated and Analytical Information” section.
Examples of such information we collect and analyze include the Internet Protocol (IP) address, login, e-mail address, device and connection information such as browser type, version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system, and platform.
What Do We Do with Personal Information?
We use personal information related to you for the following purposes:
To provide you with the Website, newsletter, or blog you may have registered to or to contact you if you filled out a form requesting us to do so;
to provide you with notifications related to your use of the Website, such as electronic newsletters, blogs, or promotional emails;
to solicit your feedback and provide support;
to maintain the Website and to continue developing and making it better;
We obey the law and expect you to do the same. If necessary, we will use personal information related to you to enforce our terms, policies, and legal agreements, to comply with court orders and warrants, and assist law enforcement agencies, to collect debts, prevent fraud, misappropriation, infringements, identity thefts and any other misuse of our Website, and to take any action in any legal dispute and proceeding.
We commit to process personal information related to you solely for the purposes described in this policy.
Who do we Disclose, Share, or Sell Personal Information related to you with?
We do not sell, rent, or lease personal information related to you.
Personal information related to you is shared with certain employees, external consultants, and our affiliates, who are all governed by this Policy.
We also share personal information related to you with our vendors worldwide and third-party service providers that process your personal information on our behalf. Such vendors and service providers are contractually bound to keep personal information related to you confidential and appropriately secure.
A merger, acquisition, or any other structural change will require us to transfer personal information related to you to another entity as part of the structural change, provided that the receiving entity will comply with this policy.
We will share personal information related to you only subject to the terms of this policy or subject to your prior consent.
We will need to disclose personal information related to you in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
How__Long
How Long Do We Retain Personal Information?
We retain different types of personal information related to you for different periods, depending on the purposes for processing the information, our legitimate business purposes, and pursuant to legal requirements under applicable law.
We will maintain your contact details to help us stay in contact with you. You can contact our privacy team at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
and request to delete your contact details. Note that we will keep your details without using them if necessary and for the necessary period of time for legal requirements and proceedings.
We will retain personal information related to you after you have left our Website if retention is reasonably necessary to resolve disputes between our users, to prevent fraud and abuse, or to enforce this Privacy Policy and our
Terms of Use
. We will keep aggregated non-identifiable information without limitation, and to the extent reasonable, we will delete or de-identify potentially identifiable information when we no longer need to process the information.
In any case, we will keep information about you for as long as you use our Website unless applicable law requires us to delete it or if we decide to remove it at our discretion, according to the terms of this policy and our
Terms of Use
.
Your Choices and Rights
General
‍
The section below applies to all Users, regardless of which laws apply to processing personal information related to them.
We will give you choices about how we use and share personal information related to you, and we will respect your choices.
We will send newsletters or promotional communications to our users. To unsubscribe to these communications, you must click an “Unsubscribe” link in these emails and confirm the email address for which you would like to unsubscribe.
We collect and receive personal information related to you that we need for the purposes described in this policy. You can stop using our Website at any time; thereafter, we will stop collecting personal information related to you. However, as detailed above, we will store and continue to use or make available certain personal information related to you.
You may request that your account be terminated and that personal information related to you be deleted by contacting us. Any termination of your account will involve deleting your account information from our live databases and storing all the information and data for such an account.
You may request a copy of the personal information related to you that we store about you by contacting us. You may also request that we transfer personal information related to you or provide you with copies of such personal information to enable its transfer to a third party.
When we delete personal information related to you that we have collected from or about you, it will be deleted from our active databases. Still, we will keep a reasonable number of copies in our archives. Although we will deactivate your account, we will continue to retain the personal information related to you for legitimate business purposes as set forth above.
Web browsers offer a “Do Not Track” (“
DNT
”) signal. A DNT signal is an HTTP header field indicating your preference for tracking your activities on our Website or through cross-site user tracking. Our Website does not respond to DNT signals.
Additional Rights Applicable to United States Residents
In addition to your rights under the general section above, if you are a resident of the United States (“
US
”), you are also entitled to the following specific rights under federal and state laws and regulations governing the protection of personal information and Privacy (“
US Privacy Laws
”), regarding personal information related to you:
Access and Data Portability
. You have the right to request that we disclose certain information about our collection and use of personal information related to you over the past 12 months. Upon verification of your request, we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you;
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you;
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting that personal information;
The categories of personal information that we disclosed for a business purpose and the categories of third parties with whom we disclosed that particular category of personal information;
The specific pieces of personal information that we collected about you;
Suppose we disclose personal information related to you for a business purpose. In that case, we will provide you with a list identifying the personal information categories each recipient obtained.
Correction
. You have the right to request that we correct inaccurate personal information that we maintain about you.
Deletion
. You have the right to request that we delete any personal information related to you. Upon confirmation of your request, we will delete personal information related to you from our records unless an exception applies. Note that when we delete personal information related to you that we have collected from or about you, it will be deleted from our active databases. Still, we will keep a reasonable number of copies in our archives. We will continue to retain your personal information for legitimate business purposes, as set forth under the section titled
“Specific Provisions for US Residents”
in this policy.
Opt-out of Selling or Sharing
. You have the right to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information related to you or otherwise the use of such data for targeted advertising or profiling for the purpose of making decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning you. As detailed above, we do not sell or share personal information. Still, we do engage third parties that collect personal information on our Website to provide us with services that, although they do not pay us for collecting information, the right granted to them may be considered as disclosure for the purpose of sale or sharing. You can opt out of such processing at any time by contacting us or visiting our
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Information
.
Non-discrimination
. You also have a right not to be discriminated against for exercising your rights under US Privacy Laws.
Exercising Your Rights
If you wish to exercise any of your rights in relation to personal information related to you, please send us an email to
privacy@digitalturbine.com
.
You can stop using the Website at any time.
You may also control what personal information we collect from your device by changing the permissions settings on your browser or mobile device.
You may request to exercise the rights detailed under this section by submitting your request to us by emailing
privacy@digitalturbine.com.
Note that only you or a person authorized to act on your behalf may make a request related to personal information related to you. A request for access can be made by you only twice within a 12-month period.
Also note that your request must provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative and describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to understand, evaluate, and respond to it properly.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with the requested personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information related to you. We will only use the personal information provided in your request to verify your identity or authority to make the request.
We will do our best to respond to your request within 30 days of receipt. If we require more time (up to 30 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. We will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option.
Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding receipt of your request. Our response will also explain why we cannot comply with a request, if applicable.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If the request warrants a fee, we will inform you of the reasons for such a decision and provide a cost estimate before completing your request.
We will not require that you create an account to exercise your rights under this Policy, and we will not increase the cost or decrease the availability of our Website based solely on the fact that you have chosen to exercise one of your rights.
After receiving our reply, you can appeal against our decision by contacting us. We will review your appeal and provide you with our answer and our explanation of the reasons for our decision(s) within 60 days of receiving it. We will also provide you with a link (to the extent available) where you can submit a complaint with the relevant Attorney General or Supervisory Authority, as applicable.
Aggregated and Analytical Information
We use standard analytics tools. The privacy practices of these tools are subject to their own privacy policies, and they use their own cookies to provide their service (for further information about cookies, please see our
Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies Policy
).
We use the standard analytics tools of Google Analytics, and we will use additional or other analytics tools from time to time to learn how you and other users use our Website to support its related activities and operations.
The privacy practices of these tools are subject to their own privacy policies. See Google Analytics Privacy Policy at
Privacy Policy – Privacy & Terms – Google
.
We use anonymous, statistical, or aggregated information and will share it with our partners for legitimate business purposes. It has no effect on your privacy because there is no reasonable way to extract data from the aggregated information that we or others can associate specifically with you.
Specific Provisions for United States Residents
This section applies solely to all visitors, users, and others who reside in the US.
Any terms defined under US Privacy Laws have the same meaning when used in this section.
Additionally, as used under this section and the rest of this Policy, personal information is defined under applicable US Privacy Laws.
This chapter supersedes any contradicting provisions under the other sections of this policy.
We have collected the personal information related to you described above under the sections titled “
Categories of Personal Information You Provide Us
” and “
Categories of Personal Information that We Collect
” of this Policy. Such Information consists of the following categories:
Identifiers and personal information categories are listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
Internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding your interaction with the Website.
Commercial information, including products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Geolocation data, namely your physical location or movements.
Inferences are drawn from any of the above-mentioned information.
We obtain the categories of personal information related to you listed above from the following categories of sources:
Directly and indirectly from you and your activity on the Website.
Third parties such as reliable service providers.
We use the personal information related to you that we collect or receive for the purposes mentioned under the section “
What Do We Do With Personal Information
?” of this Policy.
We disclose personal information related to you to third parties for business purposes as described above under the section titled “
Who Do We Disclose, Share, or Sell Personal Information With?
”.
We do not sell personal information related to you.
Categories of Sensitive Personal Information
The Website is not intended to collect sensitive personal information (within the meaning of US Privacy Laws). We do not knowingly collect or allow others to collect sensitive personal information about you, and we require you not to provide us with any such data.
Selling and Sharing Personal Information
We do not sell or share personal information. However, we engage third parties to provide services such as analytics, marketing automation, and user experience and allow them to collect personal information on our Website.
We do not knowingly sell or share consumers’ personal information of children under 16 years of age.
The categories of personal information collected by these third parties in the preceding 12 months include identifiers, online activities, and inferences drawn from such activities.
These third parties do not pay us for collecting such information. Still, the right granted to them to collect personal information may be considered as disclosure for the purpose of sale or sharing for cross-context behavioral advertising. At any time, you can opt out of collecting personal information from our service providers by contacting us or visiting our
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Information
page.
Storing of Personal Information in the United States
In the United States, we store and process information from our Website, including personal information, either directly or using third parties, such as data hosting service providers. Digital Turbine has data centers in the United States.
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to ensure our Website is continuously improved and meets your needs. Please view our
Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies Policy
for more information on our use of cookies.
Information Security
Digital Turbine is committed to ensuring the security of personal information. We and our hosting services implement systems, applications, and procedures to secure personal information related to you to minimize the risks of theft, damage, loss of information, or unauthorized access or use of information. These measures provide sound industry-standard security.
However, please understand that no security system is impenetrable. Although we make efforts to protect your privacy, we cannot guarantee that the Website will be immune from any wrongdoings, malfunctions, unlawful interceptions or access, or other kinds of abuse and misuse.
Dispute Resolution
We do periodical assessments of our data processing and privacy practices to ensure that we comply with this policy, update the policy when we believe that we need to, and verify that we display the policy properly and in an accessible manner. If you have any concerns about how we process personal information related to you, you are welcome to contact our privacy team at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
or write to us.
We will look into your query and make good-faith efforts to resolve any existing or potential dispute with you.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
From time to time, we will update this policy. If the updates have minor, if any, consequences, they will take effect 14 days after we post a notice on the Website. Substantial changes will be effective 30 days after we initially posted the notice.
Until the new policy takes effect, if it materially reduces the protection of your privacy right under the then-existing policy, you can choose not to accept it and stop using our Website. Continuing to use the Website after the new policy takes effect means that you agree to the new policy. Note that if we need to adapt the policy to legal requirements, the new policy will become effective immediately or as required by law.
Incorporation to the Terms of Use
This policy is an integral part of the Digital Turbine
Terms of Use
or, if applicable, of any other service agreement between you (or the entity you are acting on its behalf) and us or any of our corporate affiliates.
Contact Us
Don’t hesitate to get in touch with us at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
ShareThis Copy and Paste
Sub-policy 12
https://www.inmobi.com/privacy-policy:
We use necessary and (optional) analytics cookies on our websites to analyze traffic and personalize content. You can read our
cookie policy
to understand how we use cookies. You may press 'decline' if you do not want us to use optional cookies. We will set a cookie on your device to remember and honor your preference.
Accept
Decline
We use third-party cookies to measure website performance, analytics, personalize content and ads for you. Read our
cookie policy
for more details.
Decline
Customize
Accept All
General
Content Guidelines Advertisers
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
COPPA
Security
Trust and Safety
Opt-Out
Publisher Policy
InMobi CMP Terms of Service
Content Guidelines Publishers
InMobi Sanctions Compliance
GDPR
Privacy Policy for EEA
Data Subject / Consumer Request Policy
Privacy Policy
English
English
Spanish
Portuguese
Bahasa
Japanese
Chinese
LAST UPDATED: FEBRUARY 2024
EFFECTIVE: FEBRUARY 2024
1. INTRODUCTION
InMobi runs a marketing platform solution which provides advertising and monetization services/products (whether owned or through its partners) to marketers and supply partners including through digital media, sites, surveys, owned or operated application(s)/widgets, exchange(s) for demand/supply, marketing automation solutions and other services, such as, fraud detection, reporting, audiences, attribution, analytics, modelling, segments, measurement (“Marketing Platform”).
2. SCOPE OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY
2.1 APPLICABILITY
This Privacy Policy explains how InMobi collects, uses and shares information from individuals that interact with its services, offering or platforms comprising its Marketing Platform (“Marketing Platform Services”) and its website, respectively. (“InMobi” means InMobi Pte. Ltd. and its subsidiaries). InMobi is the controller for the personal information we process, unless otherwise stated. InMobi Pte. Ltd. is an NAI (Network Advertising Initiative) member, and we adhere to the NAI Code of Conduct.
2.2 NON-APPLICABILITY
InMobi may offer independent mobile applications, web content services, lock-screen platforms, social entertainment platform(s), widgets, and/or other software features to consumers through smart devices which may be preloaded on the devices, downloadable, hosted on web or made available through other digital media (“Consumer Offering”). This Privacy Policy does not apply to the collection by or processing practices of each of the foregoing services, respectively. If you are a consumer of any such Consumer Offering, the applicable privacy policy should be available to you through such services. Please refer to the respective privacy policies of each Consumer Offering for a description of its data collection and data use practices.
To the extent that foregoing Consumer Offering promotes any interest-based advertising using the Marketing Platform Services, the terms of this policy would apply to the data processing practices for such Marketing Platform Services.
Marketing Platform Services and Consumer Offering are collectively referred to as “Services”.
3. INMOBI MARKETING PLATFORM SERVICES
InMobi engages with third party site/app publishers and app developers to serve ads on their digital properties on behalf of its demand side advertising partners through various channels of advertising solutions including exchanges, network, off-network etc. InMobi may also serve ads on Consumer Offerings. InMobi also engages in campaign planning, measurement (e.g. whether an advertisement was viewed, its timestamp etc.) and attribution of advertisements, whether by itself or through third party measurement partners.
InMobi provides Marketing Platform Services, including optimization of advertising campaigns, data analytics/enrichment, segment creation, user acquisition, re-engagement, remarketing or retargeting through various digital advertising channels. InMobi receives data into its Marketing Platform from various sources, including end user information collected by our systems, applications/offerings, partners, data/cookie vendors or customers (“Sources”), which may include third party apps, sites and services that you use. Please refer to the privacy policies of the apps, sites, and services you use to understand how those apps, sites and services collect, use, and share data from your interactions with them. InMobi is not responsible for how those third-party apps, sites and services collect and use data.
4. WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
When you view an advertisement distributed through InMobi on a site, app or other digital media, we may collect information on your device and your interaction with the advertisement. This information enables us to serve advertisements to you, improve our Services including to recognize your device when you use other sites and applications that have partnered with us. InMobi may also collect information about you when you elect to interact with our surveys or opinion-based applications. Information we may collect includes:
(a) Device identifiers. Device identifiers are alphanumeric strings that are unique to your device. These include:
iOS devices’ Identifier for Advertising (IDFA) and iOS Identifier for Vendors (IDFV)
Google Advertising ID (GAID), or Android ID for Android devices
Identifier for Advertising on OTT and CTV platforms
International mobile equipment identity (IMEI), in certain jurisdiction as permitted by applicable law
Cookie IDs
(b) Location information, including:
Geo-location or precise location of your device if you have given the app or site permission to collect your location information
Location information we infer based on data collected through a WiFi identifier that your device is connected to, in accordance with applicable law and provided location access is permitted
Location information we infer from your device’s IP address, provided that we will not infer location from an IP address to a more precise than city-level of accuracy unless you have given the app or site permission to collect your location information
(c) Network information, including:
Mobile carrier
Network provider or ISP
Network type (e.g., WiFi or cellular)
IP address
IDs of WiFi access points to which your device is connected
Date and time of connection
(d) Information about apps or sites and our Software Development Kit (SDK), including:
App or site name or version
App identifier
SDK version
API key identifier
Other information about/on your device, including:
Device type (e.g., make and model)
Device startup time and update time
Device name
Screen size
Memory and hard drive capacity
Operating system and version (e.g., iOS 14, Android, Windows, Blackberry)
Mobile browser used (e.g., Chrome, Safari, Firefox)
Language settings (including country code) and time zone
App usage
Device sensor signals (Accelerometer, Gyroscope, Proximity sensor, Orientation/Rotation Vector, Audio Controls Integration)
Advertisement information. We collect information about the ad presented on your device, including:
The content type of the ad (the advertiser and category, e.g. games, finance, entertainment, news)
The ad type (e.g. whether the ad is a text, image, video or other format based)
Where the ad is being served (e.g. the site, digital media or app on which the ad appears)
Whether you viewed, clicked or otherwise interacted with the ad
Survey information. We may ask users to voluntarily participate in online surveys. These surveys help brands improve their products and services offered to you. If you fill out a survey, we may collect your device information described above and information you provide, including your:
Age
Name
Email address
Phone number
Gender
Occupation and income range
Family size and other demographic information
Preference for brands, modes of travel, and other consumer choices.
Other marketing information:
In the context of our Marketing Platform Services, our customers, partners or vendors may also disclose to us certain personal or non-personal information they have separately collected about you during your interaction with their apps, sites or services so that we can effectively provide our Services. This may in the context of websites, including mobile websites, include cookies, other technologies, or other aggregated characteristics or other identifiers related to your device to understand your interaction with such site and to serve certain types of ads relevant to your interests.
These parties serve you cookies in accordance with their own specific privacy/cookie policies and subject to their own applicable legal requirements. We do not use the information they provide to us for any purpose other than as permitted by such third parties or for providing or improving our Services.
Notably, one of our media partners is Google. Please see the link below which describes Google's collection/use of data:
How Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps
We do not collect any sensitive data such as racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, genetic data, biometric data, data concerning health. We may show targeted advertisements to fitness enthusiasts.
5. HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We use the information that we collect about your device to:
Display advertisements on your device, which may include interest-based advertising customized to your interests, preferences, locations
For remarketing or retargeting i.e. to display relevant ads if you have previously visited/accessed/downloaded a site or mobile application that we partner with
For bidding to serve advertisements and to determine which ads are most effective
Analyze and provide our demand partners or advertisers reports on the effectiveness of advertisements and campaigns, including across different types of devices based on our determination of devices that are related to the same person. We, or third parties whom we engage to provide this service, may use cross-device data to provide interest-based advertising services and to deliver tailored ads to users across multiple mobile devices including over the top applications and smart televisions
Avoid showing you the same ads too many times
Build custom audience segments to enable our customers and partners better target their advertisements and offers
Improve our Services and assist our customers and partners in improving their products and services
Detect, deter and prevent fraud, fraudulent traffic or to protect the security of our systems
We may process your survey responses and share the response data with the brands who are our customers/marketers
6. WHO DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION WITH?
InMobi may share the information we collect or receive about you as described in this Policy as follows:
Publishers and Supply Partners. We may share your information with publishers (the app or site publishers) to help them understand how users interact with their apps and sites and advertisements on their apps and sites
Demand Partners and Advertisers. We may share your information with demand partners, brands and advertisers who use our Marketing Platform, to allow them to understand the performance of their campaigns; and to help them better target their campaigns, products or offerings
Marketing Partners. We may share your information with data partners who help us with better understanding your preferences by providing data enrichment, analytics and identification services and measurement companies who help us with attribution and tracking of advertisements distributed through us (“Marketing Partners”)
Service Providers. We may share personal information we collect about you with our third-party service providers. The categories of service providers to whom we entrust personal information include: IT and related services; fraud detection, information and services; payment processors; customer service providers; and vendors to support the provision of the Services
Group. We may share personal information with the Group so that the Services of InMobi and/or the Group may be improved and otherwise to serve you and/or our customers better with all our offerings including effective content management “Group” as used in this policy, means, with respect to InMobi, its affiliates and group entities listed
here
.
Disclosures to Protect Us or Others. We may access, preserve, and disclose any information we store associated with you to external parties if we, in good faith, believe doing so is required or appropriate to: comply with law enforcement or national security requests and legal process, such as a court order or subpoena; protect your, our or others’ rights, property, or safety; enforce our policies or contracts; collect amounts owed to us; or assist with an investigation or prosecution of suspected or actual illegal activity
Disclosures in the Event of Merger, Sale, or Other Asset Transfers. If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, purchase or sale of assets, or transition of service to another provider, then your information may be sold or transferred as part of such a transaction, as permitted by law and/or contract<,/li>
International Data Transfers. Where applicable, we will protect information through other legally valid methods, including international data transfer agreements. You agree that all information processed by us may be transferred, processed, and stored anywhere in the world, including but not limited to, the United States or other countries, which may have data protection laws that are different from the laws where you live. We have taken appropriate safeguards to require that your personal information will remain protected and require our third-party service providers and partners to have appropriate safeguards as well. Further details can be provided upon request.
7. HOW DO WE KEEP PERSONAL INFORMATION SECURE?
InMobi uses reasonable technical and organizational measures to protect the information it collects about you in compliance with its legal and privacy requirements and contractual obligations. We also seek appropriate contractual protection from our partners regarding their collection, use or treatment of user data. Unfortunately, no system is 100% secure, and we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you provide to us. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, we do not accept liability for unauthorized disclosure.
By using our Services or providing personal information to us, you agree that we may communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your use of our Services. If we learn of a security system’s breach, we may attempt to notify you electronically by posting a notice on our Services, by mail or by sending an email to you.
8. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?
InMobi retains information collected in the context of our Marketing Platform for a period of up to thirteen (13) months, unless otherwise required by law or applicable contract.
InMobi may retain the information it obtains about you as per the instructions of its customers or partners who provide such information or as required to fulfil our contractual obligations. In case any information is provided by you in participation of a survey or opinion-based application by InMobi, we will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for.
After the applicable retention period, InMobi will only retain and may only use your data: (i) in an aggregated or anonymized format; (ii) to comply with its legal obligations; and (iii) to resolve disputes and enforce agreements. Please note that the use cases stated in this provision will apply as an exception to your data subject or consumer rights related requests.
9. OPTING OUT OF INTEREST BASED ADS
Opting out of interest-based advertising:
If you prefer not to receive interest-based advertising from InMobi, you can opt out at any time by going to the InMobi
Opt Out
page and submitting your device ID or any other listed identifier. If you opt-out of interest-based advertising, you will still receive "generic" ads from InMobi. To opt-out of our cross-device ad targeting, you must opt-out on every device browser and device using the appropriate opt-out methods.
Opting out of surveys:
Each survey that you participate in will provide opt-out instructions, including an option to skip questions, which if elected will ensure that we do not include your device for that survey. Please note that if you opt-out of a survey you may still receive other survey requests. If we reach out to you through marketing communication modes such as emails, you will have the option to unsubscribe from such marketing communications through links provided in such emails.
Opting out of Connected TV:
If you opt-out of interest-based ads on your connected TV device, your advertising ID will not be used to build profiles or target you with interest-based ads and it is likely that you will get irrelevant ads which are not tailored to your interest. To disable interest-based ads, please use the Opt-Out on your Connected TV device as shown below.
On your device, visit Operating System (OS) Privacy Settings. Select Limit Ad Tracking (for iOS/tvOS devices), Opt-out of Interest-Based Ads (for Android devices), Limit Ad Tracking (for Roku devices), or similar setting offered by your OS. Please go through your device manufacturer’s privacy policy for more information.
You may also opt out of interest-based advertising via NAI. Please visit
Mobile Choices | NAI: Network Advertising Initiative
for opting out of interest-based ad on mobile devices and
Internet Connected TV Choices | NAI: Network Advertising Initiative
on TV.
10. PRIVACY RIGHTS
InMobi provides consumers with data subject or consumer rights as and when and to the extent required under such applicable laws.
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR):
If you are an EEA data subject, kindly refer our EEA Privacy Policy
https://advertising.inmobi.com/privacy-policy-for-eea/
to see your data subject rights under GDPR
California:
The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended (“CCPA”) provides California residents with the right to know what categories of personal information InMobi has collected about them and whether InMobi disclosed that personal information for a business purpose (e.g., to a service provider) in the preceding 12 months. The categories of sources from which we collect personal information and our business and commercial purposes for using personal information are set forth in “4. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?” and “5. HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?” above, respectively. The categories of third parties with whom we may share your information are listed in “6. WHO DO WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION WITH?” above.
California residents have the right to opt out of the “sale” of their personal information. Under the CCPA, “sale” is defined broadly and includes the transfer of personal information by a business to a third party for valuable consideration (even if there is no exchange of money). InMobi may be deemed to be “selling” personal information. The categories of personal information we have “sold” and the categories of third parties we have “sold” personal information to in the preceding twelve months are listed in “6. WHO DO WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION WITH?” above.
Residents of the State of California (in the United States) have the following additional privacy rights:
You have a right to exercise certain consumer rights such as request to know/ disclose/ access/ delete your data, collected in the last 12 months, by writing to us at
privacy@inmobi.com
.
You have the right to opt out of selling of your data by clicking on the following link:
Do not sell my data
.
Non-Discrimination.
California residents have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for the exercise of their rights conferred by the CCPA.
Authorized Agent.
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child. To designate an authorized agent, please contact us as set forth in “17. CONTACT US” below and provide written authorization signed by you and your designated agent.
Verification.
To protect your privacy, we will take steps the following steps to verify your identity before fulfilling your request. When you make a request, we will ask you to provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative, which may include information about your device.
Additional Privacy Rights for Residents of Colorado, Connecticut, Virginia and Utah
InMobi does not “sell” your personal information. We process your personal information for the purposes of “targeted advertising” ('interest based advertising' for the purposes of this Privacy Policy) as that term is defined under the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act, Colorado Privacy Act, Connecticut Data Privacy Act and Utah Consumer Privacy Act.
Residents of Colorado, Connecticut, and Virginia can opt out of interest based advertising by going to the InMobi
Opt Out
page.
InMobi does not engage in profiling of consumers in furtherance of automated decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects, as those terms are defined under the Colorado Privacy Act.
The privacy laws of your country may grant you the following additional privacy rights relating to their personal information: right to access, request correction, request deletion/anonymization/blocking, restrict/object to processing, withdraw your consent, request data portability, be informed about third parties with whom your data has been shared, and request review of decisions taken exclusively based on automated processing. To exercise these rights, please write to us at
privacy@inmobi.com
.
11. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
InMobi may share your information with clients, customers, partners, the Group and other third parties described above who are based in countries outside of your country of residence (for example, if you are an EEA resident, we may share your information with our non-EEA clients or the Group), subject to any contractual or legal requirements. You agree that all information processed by us may be transferred, processed, and stored anywhere in the world.
While some countries may not have data protection laws that are equivalent to those of the country in which you reside, we will take reasonable measures to protect your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
12. LEAD GENERATION CAMPAIGNS
InMobi may offer form-based advertising solutions to marketers that include the collection of voluntary information from you as part of an advertisement that contains a questionnaire. Such information may consist of personal data, non-personal information or data, or both. All the information that you voluntarily provide in response to such form or questionnaire is typically forwarded directly to the relevant marketer’s servers or their landing page and in such cases will be governed by such marketer's privacy policies in place at the time of transfer.
In the event any personal data is directly processed by InMobi, you acknowledge that InMobi may be required to store such information for the period during which it continues to manage the applicable lead-generation campaign for its marketer on whose behalf the information is collected. This information may be temporarily stored by InMobi solely for running such form-based campaigns and will be used only for the purpose of optimization of such campaigns, subject to applicable legal/privacy and contractual requirements. InMobi has implemented internal safeguards to protect the temporary storage of this information and uses reasonable technical and organizational measures to protect the same. InMobi has mechanisms to delete or anonymize any personal data after the said campaign is concluded or within a period thirty (30) days from the same. Pursuant to the conclusion of the applicable campaign, InMobi may retain and use your Information only to the extent necessary for it to create reports for its client, comply with its legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce agreements and no other purpose. Any non-personal information or data submitted by you may be used for improving our Services.
If you have any questions about InMobi lead generation campaigns, please contact us at:
privacy@inmobi.com
. InMobi will refer any enquiries or complaints to the relevant marketer responsible for the processing of data provided as part of lead generation campaigns.
13. COOKIES
We use cookies and beacons to help us collect some of the information we have described above. This may be done when you interact with us or our third-party partners who enable InMobi to collect data related to your interaction with their apps or sites for the purpose of serving relevant Ads to you and/or improve our services. We may also use cookies on our and our advertiser’s websites to provide website functionality and advertising to you respectively, and to save you having to provide the information you have already given us on subsequent visits to our site.
For more detailed information about the technologies we use and your ability to control those cookies, please visit our
cookie policy
. We recommend that you review the privacy policies of the third-party apps, services or sites that you directly interact with to learn how those third parties use cookies.
14. PRIVACY OF CHILDREN
InMobi complies with the age-gating requirements under applicable privacy laws such as Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) and California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended (CCPA) in the U.S., Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Pessoais (LGPD), General law of personal data protection in Brazil and GDPR in the EEA and does not knowingly collect personal data about users of sites or apps directed to children. Please also visit our
COPPA Policy
.
15. OTHER WEBSITES
Our website and the ads we service may contain links to other websites. You should be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other websites as those may have different privacy policies and terms of use and are not associated with us. You agree that we cannot control these links and we shall not be responsible for any use of such websites.
16. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time. The amended Privacy Policy will be displayed on our site. If we make any material changes, we will notify you by means of a notice on this site prior to the change becoming effective. Please check our Privacy Policy regularly to ensure you have read the latest version.
17. CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at
privacy@inmobi.com
.
We have appointed a representative in the EU. You can contact them by post at Taylor Vinters Europe Limited, Clifton House, Fitzwilliam Street Lower, Dublin, D02 XT91, Ireland, or by email at
representative@taylorvinters.com
.
To check the previous version of the privacy policy, please
click here
.
First name
*
Last name
*
Email
*
Company name
*
Country
*
- Please Select -
Afghanistan
Aland Islands
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua & Barbuda
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Asia/Pacific Region
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
British Virgin Islands
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Caribbean Netherlands
Cayman Islands
Central African Rep
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote d'Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Curaçao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Democratic Republic of the Congo
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Europe
Falkland Islands
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern and Antarctic Lands
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Ivory Coast
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kosovo
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Macedonia (FYROM)
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Myanmar (Burma)
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
North Korea
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Occupied Palestinian Territory
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestine
Palistinian Territory
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn Islands
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Republic of Costa Rica
Romania
Russia
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Réunion
Saint Barthélemy
Saint Helena
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent & the Grenadines
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome & Principe
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Scotland
Senegal
Serbia and Montenegro
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Sint Maarten
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
South Korea
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
St Kitts & Nevis
St Lucia
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad & Tobago
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
U.S. Virgin Islands
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City
Venezuela
Vietnam
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Åland Islands
I am
*
Please Select
Ad Tech Provider
Agency
App Marketer
Brand Marketer
Game Marketer
Other
Publisher
Retailer
I am interested in
*
Please Select
Learning more about InMobi
Advertising my brand with InMobi
Advertising my app with InMobi
Monetizing my app with InMobi
Running programmatic campaigns with InMobi on behalf of my clients
Learning more about InMobi's mediation solutions
Something else
Job title
*
Anything else you'd like to tell us?
Lead Source
By checking here, you agree to receive marketing emails about our products and services. You can unsubscribe via a link in the email.
*
The information you provide will be used in accordance with the terms of our
privacy policy
.
Sub-policy 13
https://developers.is.com/ironsource-mobile/air/ironsource-mobile-privacy-policy/:
Home
Unity LevelPlay Platform
Unity LevelPlay SDK
ironSource Ads monetization
ironSource Ads user acquisition
My account
News and updates
Contact us
Contact us
Home
/
My account
/
ironSource Mobile Ltd. Privacy Policy
User management
User management
User profiles
Log in using single sign-on (SSO)
Funds and payments
How do I receive payments?
Net 60 payments
Advance payments
How to set up and update your payment method
How to update your payment method
How to set up two-step verification for payments
Company information
Payments dashboard
Legal resources
Platform Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Children and child-directed apps
Data Protection Addendum
ironSource US state privacy laws
ironSource SDK implementations under the GDPR
DMCA Takedown Policy
Apple’s app privacy questionnaire
Google’s Data Safety Questionnaire
Open Source Terms and Conditions
Ad Quality Terms and Conditions
ironSource Mobile Ltd. Privacy Policy
Effective Date: September 4th
, 2024
Table of Contents:
About us
Scope
Information we collect
How we use the information we collect
Maximum information retention period
How we share information
How to control information
Children
International transfers
EU Representative
State Privacy Rights
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Contact us
About Us
ironSource Mobile Ltd. (“ironSource Mobile”) operates 4 main services:
Ad Network
– A platform that allows app developers to serve ads within their apps, and advertisers to promote their products, and services within apps.
Mediation Platform
– A platform that helps app developers to manage all the ad providers with which they have a direct relationship (e.g. ironSource Mobile ad network, “third party” ad networks, additional online advertising companies, etc.) that serve ads on their apps.
Analytics Platform –
A platform that allows app developers to receive insights on their apps.
Ad Quality Platform
–
A platform that allows app developers to monitor advertising content displayed within their apps.
In addition, as of November 2022, Unity Technologies has been added as a corporate affiliate of ironSource Mobile Ltd. To view Unity’s privacy policy, please click
here
We collect information in either of 2 ways:
Directly
– through our SDKs integrated by app developers in their apps. SDK, or a Software Development Kit, is a software component that allows us to serve ads in a mobile app, and to collect information directly from such apps.
Indirectly
– through other third party mediation platforms with which we engage in order to serve ads in apps, or by receiving information from our advertisers, or affiliates.
Scope:
This privacy policy describes ironSource Mobile’s privacy practices with respect to information it processes through its Ad Network, Mediation Platform, Analytics Platform and Ad Quality Platform. This privacy policy does not govern the use of our website, dashboard for publishers, and dashboard for advertisers.
ironSource Mobile serves ads to users all around the world. Accordingly, throughout the document, we try to harmonize our approach and the language of the privacy policy as much as possible. However, sometimes we refer to specific laws that require further disclosures. For example,  whenever you see throughout the policy the annotation “The GDPR angle”, it means that the purpose of such section is to satisfy the transparency requirements of the General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”), and therefore it applies only to personal data (as defined by the GDPR) associated with devices who we deem to be located in the European Economic Area, United Kingdom, or Switzerland. If you are a resident of California, Virginia, Colorado, Connetecuit and Utah, please see “State Privacy Rights” section of this privacy policy for information related to privacy laws in these states.
Information We Collect:
Information collected through our Ad Network (“Ad Network Information”)
–
Identifiers: Advertising ID, IP address, and a self-created ID unique to a specific app, and IDs unique only to apps of the same developer. The term Advertising ID refers to the Google Advertising ID on Android devices, and ID For Advertising (“IDFA”), or . The Advertising ID is a resettable persistent identifier generated by Android or iOS that allows online advertising companies to recognize a device across apps, for advertising purposes. You can find additional information about how to limit our use of the Advertising ID under “How to Control Your Information”.
General technical information about a device: Technical information such as the device’s time zone, the amount of free memory on the device, the name and version of the app to which the ad is served, battery status, operating system name and version,  the language of the operating system, the name of the mobile carrier, internet connection type (e.g. WiFi), etc.
Campaign information: An indication if an ad was viewed, or clicked, or if there was an install of an advertised app. Information about actions performed within an advertiser’s app following such an install, such as in-app purchases, and level in the game (if the advertiser chooses to provide such information).
Information collected through our Mediation Platform (“Mediation Information”)
–
Identifiers: Advertising ID, IP address, a self-created ID unique to a specific app, and IDs unique only to apps of the same developer.
General technical information as described above.
Data provided by the app developers (if they choose to provide it) – The app developer can choose to share with us the following information: age, gender, in-app purchases, advance in the game, and such other information provided by the app developer.
Information collected by our Analytics Platform (“Analytics Information”)
Identifiers: a self-created ID unique to a specific app.
App events: Events set by the app developer that occurred within the app.
General technical data about the device.
Information collected by our Ad Quality Platform (“Ad Quality Information”)
Identifiers: a self-created ID unique to a specific app.
Advertising content: The ads displayed within the app, and interactions with such ads.
General technical data about the device.
How We Use the Information We Collect:
As stated above, we provide 4 main services. For each such service, we use the information we collect in different ways. Below is a general description of how we use information across our services:
Operating our Ad Network
– We use Ad Network Information to serve ads on app developers’ apps. More specifically, we use such information for the following purposes:
Ad delivery: we use Ad Network Information to technically enable the delivering of ads to your device.
Reporting, billing and attribution: We use Ad Network Information to generate reports for our publishers and bill advertisers and publishers, including for ensuring that if you interacted with our ads, we will receive payment for our service.
Internal Operations: We use Ad Network Information for internal operations, such as debugging, support, security, and improving our services.
Fraud detection and prevention: We use Ad Network Information for detecting and preventing fraud, and for ensuring viewability of our ads.
Optimization and frequency capping: We use Ad Network Information for optimizing advertising campaigns, including for limiting the number of times you view a specific campaign across our network, or the number of ads you view in a specific app.
Whitelisting/blacklisting: We allow advertisers to upload lists of device IDs to include/exclude in, or from their advertising campaigns.
Operating our ad marketplace. We use Ad Network Information to allow the third party advertising companies listed
here
to bid on ad inventory.
Operating our Mediation Platform
– We use Mediation Information to operate our mediation platform. More specifically, we use such information for the following purposes:
Reporting: We generate reports for the app developers using our mediation platform in order to allow them to better understand their audience in terms of interaction with ads.
Segmentation: We allow app developers to create segments based on parameters they configure in our mediation platform. Such segmentation allows them to use different ad networks and different ad units for different segments of users. However, this feature does not allow them to serve you with personalized advertising, as app developers cannot control the content of the ads served by different networks.
Sending ad requests on behalf of the app developer: In addition to the other information used to operate the mediation platform, we use the Ad Network Information in order to send ad requests on behalf of the app developer to ad networks with which the app developer has direct contractual relationship, but due to technical reasons, we are in the best position to populate the ad request with the Ad Network Information.
Operating our Analytics Platform
– We use Analytics Information to operate our Analytics Platform. More specifically, we use such information for the following purposes:
Reporting: We generate reports for the app developers using our Analytics Platform in order to allow them to better understand the use of their apps.
Internal Operations: We use Analytics Information for internal operations, such as debugging, support, security, and improving our services.
Operating our Ad Quality Platform
– We use Ad Quality Information to operate our Ad Quality Platform. More specifically, we use such information for the following purposes:
Reporting: We generate reports for the app developers using our Ad Quality Platform in order to allow them to see which ads were served within their apps, and how such ads affected the use of their apps.
Internal Operations: We use Ad Quality for internal operations, such as debugging, support, security, and improving our services.
Compliance with legal obligations –
We may use Ad Network Information, Mediation Information, Analytics Information, and Ad Quality Information to comply with applicable legal obligations.
The GDPR Angle:
Legal basis for the processing of personal data –
Processing
Details
Controller/Processor
Legal Basis
Mediation platform
Processing of Mediation Information for the purpose of operating our mediation platform on behalf of app developers
Processor
The legal basis applicable to the processing is chosen by the app developer, as the controller
Ad network
Processing Ad Network Information for the purpose of operating our ad network, including for purposes listed above, such as optimization and frequency capping, attribution, fraud detection and prevention, and internal operations
Controller
Our legitimate interests, and the legitimate interests of app developers
Ad network – Ad marketplace (allowing third parties to bid on ad inventory)
Processing of Ad Network Information for the purpose of operating our ad marketplace, including the sharing of personal data with third party advertising partners listed
here
, for the purpose of receiving bids from such third party advertising partners
Controller
Consent
Ad Network – Blacklisting/whitelisting ad campaigns
Processing of personal data for the purpose of excluding/including devices from, or in an ad campaign
Processor
The legal basis applicable to the processing is chosen by the app developer, as the controller
Ad Quality Platform
Processing of Ad Quality Information for the purpose of operating our Ad Quality Platform on behalf of app developers
Processor
The legal basis applicable to the processing is chosen by the app developer, as the controller
Analytics Platform
Processing of Analytics Information for the purpose of operating our Analytics Platform on behalf of app developers
Processor
The legal basis applicable to the processing is chosen by the app developer, as the controller
Maximum Information Retention Period:
We will retain personal data included in Ad Network Information, Mediation Information, Analytics Information, and Ad Quality Information for the longer of: (i) a period of up to 6 months from the date such information is first stored in our systems; or (ii) a period of 3 months from the last appearance of the applicable identifier in our systems.
How We Share Information:
We share information with:
Other advertising partners
– We share Ad Network Information for the purpose of allowing the advertising companies listed
here
to bid on ad inventory.
Our corporate affiliates
– for the purposes described in this privacy policy.
App developers
– for the purposes of attribution and whitelisting/blacklisting, and reporting, as stated above.
Service providers
–for the purpose of receiving services such as fraud detection and prevention, viewability measurement, reporting, and storage.
Viewability measurement
– Please note that certain versions of our SDK may include software libraries that allow advertisers to verify if their ads were actually viewed.
We may also disclose information if we have a good faith belief that disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to: (i) comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request; (ii) enforce our agreements and policies, including investigations of potential violations thereof; (iii) investigate, detect, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities or other wrongdoing, suspected fraud or security issues; (iv) to establish or exercise our rights to defend against legal claims; (v) prevent harm to the rights, property or safety of us, our users, yourself or any third party; (vi) for the purpose of collaborating with law enforcement agencies or in case we find it necessary in order to enforce intellectual property or other legal rights; or (vii) when we are undergoing any change in control, including by means of merger, acquisition or purchase of all or substantially all of our assets.
How to Control Information:
Collection of device data
– Updated versions of iOS, and Android, enable you to control how apps can collect the Advertising ID. please follow the below instructions:
iOS devices (iOS 14+): go to Settings > Privacy > Tracking > Allow Apps to Request to Track. Please note that if you use more than one device, you need to opt-out separately in each device.
Android devices: Please follow the instructions set forth at:
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/1660762
(under Mobile Controls). Please note that if you use more than one device, you need to opt-out separately in each device.
The GDPR Angle:
Withdraw consent
–
You have the right to withdraw the consent you provided to us for sharing Ad Network Information with third party advertising companies. You can withdraw your consent from within the app you provided to us the consent (this will affect only our processing within this specific app), or by following the instructions above on how to control collection of device data (this will affect our processing of data of all apps on your device).
Data subject rights
– Please note that you have the right to request from us access to and rectification or erasure of your personal data we process as controllers, or to restrict or to object to processing of your personal data in accordance with the provisions of the GDPR. To submit a request for exercising your rights, please use one of the following ways:
You can submit a request to access or to delete the personal data collected about your device through the form available in the privacy policy accessible via the ironSource ad unit.
For other data subject requests, please send an email with your request to the following address: DPO@unity3d.com
Please note that we will process your request subject to verification, and authentication of your identity.
If you exercise your rights to delete, or access your personal data, we will also automatically share your request with Unity, our corporate affiliate, which will process your request separately. For exercising other rights with respect to Unity, please refer to its
privacy policy.
Complaint to supervisory authority
– You also have the right to file a complaint with the relevant supervisory authority (e.g. of your country or domicile) where ironSource has not addressed your concerns.
Children
If you believe your child has provided us with personal information, you may contact us at
DPO@unity3d.com
and we will make reasonable efforts to delete the information from our records.
The GDPR Angle:
We do not collect or otherwise process personal data from individuals in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland whom we know to be under the applicable age stated in the different implementations of the GDPR, except to comply with law or to support our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of our app developers partners as described above.
International Transfers
We store information that we collect from a device on our Amazon Web Services servers in the United States. Accordingly, please note that if you do not live in the United States, we will transfer your information to and store it in, the United States.
The GDPR Angle:
ironSource Mobile Ltd. is based in Israel, which is considered by the European Commission to be offering an adequate level of protection for the Personal Information of EU Member State residents.
We will transfer personal data to third parties located outside of the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, or Switzerland based on standard contractual clauses.
State Privacy Rights:
California, Virginia, Connecticut, Colarado and Utah residents have certain rights under state privacy laws with respect to personal data we collect.  If you are a resident of such states, this section of the privacy policy contains disclosures required by law and explains rights that may be available to you.
This section applies only to personal data that is subject to the state laws noted above.
In many cases, we act as a service provider or processor to collect personal data from, or on behalf of, customers who use our services. These customers have their own privacy policies that describe how they use information. To the extent that we are processing personal data subject to state privacy laws on behalf of a customer in our role as a service provider or processor, you should reach out to that customer directly to exercise your rights under state privacy laws.
The remainder of this section provides disclosures for users for cases where we are not acting as a service provider or processor to a customer, typically for our Ad Network.
Personal Data We Collect and Disclose
: In the past 12 months, we have collected, sold (including sharing for targeted advertising), and disclosed for business purposes the following categories of personal data. We do not knowingly sell, nor do we share or process for targeted advertising purposes, personal data about consumers under the age of 16.
Categories of Personal InformationData
Disclosed for business purposes to the following categories of third parties:
Sold to the following categories of third parties (including sharing for targeted advertising purposes):
Personal and online identifiers (such as first and last name, email address, or unique online identifiers)
See the “How We Share Information” Section
All categories listed below.
Commercial or transactions information (like records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered)
See “How We Share Information” Section
Not sold.
Internet or other electronic network activity information (such as browsing history, search history, interactions with a website, email, application, or advertisement)
See the “How We Share Information” Section
All categories listed below.
Geolocation information
See the “How We Share Information” Section
All categories listed below.
Other information about you that is linked to the personal information above
See the “How We Share Information” Section
All categories listed below.
Categories of Sources
– As described in the “About Us” section above, we collect personal data from the following categories of sources:
Directly through our SDKs integrated by app developers in their apps.
Other third-party mediation platforms.
Advertising partners.
Our Purposes for Processing Personal Data
– We use and disclose the personal data we collect for our commercial and business purposes, as further described above in the “How We Use the Information We Collect” and the “How We Share Information” Sections.
Recipients of Personal Data
– Although we do not sell personal data for monetary consideration, we do sell personal data, including sharing for targeted advertising purposes, subject to users’ choices communicated to us by app developers, to the categories of third parties listed below:
Advertising/marketing companies;
App developers; and
Your Rights Regarding Personal Data
– Residents of certain states have rights with respect to the personal data collected by businesses like ironSource.  You may be able to exercise the following rights regarding your personal data, subject to certain exceptions and limitations:
The
right to confirm
whether we are processing personal data about you.
The
right to correct inaccuracies
in the personal data we have collected about you.
The
right to know
the categories and specific pieces of personal data we collect, use, disclose, and sell about you, the categories of sources from which we collected your personal data, our purposes for collecting or selling your personal data, the categories of your personal data that we have either sold (including shared for targeted advertising purposes) or disclosed for a business purpose, and the categories of third parties with which we have disclosed personal data.
The right to request that we
delete the personal data
we have collected from you or maintain about you.
The right to
opt out of our sale of your personal data and our processing (including sharing) for targeted advertising purposes
. Please note that if you opt out of certain practices, we may be unable to provide you with some services.
The right
not to receive discriminatory treatment
for the exercise of the above privacy rights.
While some states provide residents with rights related to “sensitive” personal data,  ironSource does not collect this type of personal data.
Exercise your rights
– To exercise any of the above rights, please use one of the following ways:
You can submit a request to access, or to delete the personal data collected about your device through the form available in the privacy policy accessible via the ironSource ad unit.
Alternatively, you may send an email with your request to the following address: DPO@unity3d.com
Depending on your state, if you have submitted a request that you believe we have not fulfilled, you may contact us to appeal our decision by replying to our response to your request, or by contacting us at DPO@unity3d.com
If you exercise your rights to delete, or access your personal data, we will also automatically share your request with Unity, our corporate affiliate, which will process your request separately. For exercising other rights with respect to Unity, please refer to its
privacy policy.
Verification Process and Required Information
– Note that we may need to request additional information from you to verify your identity or process your request, although you will not be required to create an account with us to submit a request or have it fulfilled. We will require you to provide, at a minimum, your email address and state of residence. We will also collect information that identifies your device when you submit a request, in order to help verify your identity.
Authorized Agent
– You may designate an authorized agent to make a CCPA request on your behalf by verifying your identity and providing the agent with written permission to make the request on your behalf.
Information about California resident requests in 2022 –
As required by California law, ironSource has provided the following information about requests it received from California residents in 2022.
Request type
Requests received
Requests complied with
Requests denied
Mean number of days for response
Request to know
1128
684
444
9 days
Request to delete
2431
2364
67
1.94 days
Changes to This Privacy Policy:
We may revise this privacy policy from time to time. The most current version of the policy will govern our processing of information and is posted at https://developers.is.com/ironsource-mobile/air/ironsource-mobile-privacy-policy/. If we make a change to this policy we will post the revised privacy policy to this page.
Contact Us:
ironSource Mobile Ltd., located at 121 Menachem Begin Rd., Tel Aviv, Israel, is the organization responsible for collection, use, and disclosure of your Personal Information under this Privacy Policy.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at DPO@unity3d.com
Because email communications are not always secure, please do not include credit card or other sensitive information in your emails to us.
You can also contact us as follows:
DPO@unity3d.com
ironSource Mobile Ltd., 121 Menachem Begin Rd., Tel Aviv, Israel
(Israel contact)
Unity Technologies, 30 3rd Street, San Francisco, CA 94103 (United States contact)
Unity Technologies ApS, Niels Hemmingsens Gade 24, 1153 Copenhagen, Denmark (European Union contact)
Unity Technologies, GINZA SIX 8F, 6-10-1 Ginza, Chuo-ku, Tokyo Japan 104-0061 (Japan Contact)
About Us
Scope:
Information We Collect:
How We Use the Information We Collect:
How We Share Information:
How to Control Information:
Children
International Transfers
State Privacy Rights:
Changes to This Privacy Policy:
Contact Us:
Notifications
By clicking “Accept Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Cookie Settings
Reject All
Accept All Cookies
Your Opt Out Preference Signal is Honored
Your Privacy
Functional Cookies
Performance Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Targeting Cookies
Your Privacy
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
Functional Cookies
Inactive
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookies Details‎
Performance Cookies
Inactive
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Cookies Details‎
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Cookies Details‎
Targeting Cookies
Inactive
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Some 3rd party video providers do not allow video views without targeting cookies. If you are experiencing difficulty viewing a video, you will need to set your cookie preferences for targeting to yes if you wish to view videos from these providers. Unity does not control this.
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Cookie List
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Sub-policy 14
https://kidoz.net/privacy-policy/:
Loading...
Intro
Help Center
Brands
Connect:
Reach Your Target Audience
Important features
Engage:
Custom Playables To Drive Conversions
Pricing tables
Insight:
Survey Your Audience For Real Time Results
Other features lists
Programmatic:
Earn global revenue with complete safety and compliance
Other features lists
Publishers
Grow:
Find the Right Users At Scale
Pricing tables
Monetize:
Boost Your Apps Advertising Revenue
Important features
About
Contact
Investors
Kidoz And Your Data
The Kidoz SDK provides effective monetization that is fully COPPA and GDPR Compliant
Terms of Use
TCF Attestation
Website + SDK Privacy Policy
Kidoz Safe Ad Policy
Report Content
App Privacy Policy
Information Security Policy
Terms of Service - Publishers
GDPR Overview
Kidoz and GDPR-K Compliance
Terms of Use
These terms of use (“
Terms of Use
“) set forth the basis on which you are permitted to access and use the KIDOZ website, applications and online resources (collectively, the “Services”).The KIDOZ website is intended as a general audience website that enables visitors to learn more about KIDOZ and KIDOZ products, and mobile technology, apps, games and other content for families and to download our KIDOZ mobile Safe Play Mode app and/or our PC kid safe environment. Our downloadable PC and mobile applications (the “Product”) are designed as tools for parents and legal guardians to provide their children with a kid-friendly environment to discover, launch and use third party applications and content with parental controls managed through the Product. Our SDK is designed as a tool for developers to monetize their apps.These Terms of Use shall govern over all aspects of KIDOZ applications offered, including, without limitation, the products and services contained herein. Please read these Terms of Use carefully before using the Product. By accessing and using the Product in any way, you agree to and are hereby bound by these Terms of Use. If you do not agree to all of the terms and conditions contained herein, do not use or access the Product in any manner. KIDOZ Ltd. (“KIDOZ”) reserves the right to update these Terms of Use at any time without the requirement of any notice to you.USE OF THE SERVICESThe KIDOZ Product is a protected environment which enables young kids to safely use a wide variety of applications and content on the Internet suitable for children. Unless otherwise specified, the Product is made available solely for personal and non-commercial use, in accordance with all applicable laws.As a condition to your use of the Services provided by KIDOZ, you agree not to use the Product for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these Terms of Use. You may not use the Services in any manner that could damage, disable, overburden, or impair any KIDOZ server, or the network(s) connected to any KIDOZ server, or interfere with any other party’s use and enjoyment of the Service. You may not distribute in any medium any part of the Service without KIDOZ prior written authorization. You may not obtain or attempt to obtain any materials or information through any means not intentionally made available through the Product. You further agree not to alter or modify any part of the Service or any of its related technologies.
USER ACCOUNTS
‍
The services made available require you to open an account; you must complete the registration process by providing current, complete and accurate information as prompted by the applicable registration form. You will also choose a password and a user name. You are entirely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and account. Furthermore, you are entirely responsible for any and all activities that occur under your account. You agree to notify KIDOZ immediately of any unauthorized use of your account or any other breach of security. KIDOZ will not be liable for any loss that you may incur as a result of someone else using your password or account, either with or without your knowledge. However, you could be held liable for losses incurred by KIDOZ or another party due to someone else using your account or password. You may not use anyone else’s account at any time, without the express permission of the account holder.
WEBSITE CONTENT
‍
The content on the Website, except for all User Generated Content (defined below), including, but not limited to, music, games, videos, text, software, graphics, photos, sounds, interactive features and other content (“Website Content“) and the trademarks, service marks and logos contained therein, are owned by or licensed to KIDOZ, and are subject to copyright and other intellectual property rights under applicable laws. You acknowledge that the Website Content is provided to you on an AS IS basis for your personal use only and may not be downloaded, copied, reproduced, distributed, transmitted, broadcast, displayed, sold, licensed, or otherwise exploited for any other purposes whatsoever without the prior written consent of KIDOZ or the respective owners. KIDOZ reserves all rights not expressly granted in and to the Website and the Website Content.
CONTENT / SUBMISSIONS TO THE SERVICES
‍
On some parts of our Services or otherwise in connection with your use of the Services, you may be allowed to submit, post or link to content or applications or provide comments for others to see (collectively, referred to herein as “Content”). If you submit, post, link to or contribute Content, you guarantee, represent and warrant to us that:
You have all necessary legal rights to submit, post, contribute or link to such Content and it does not and will not infringe or violate any law or the rights of any person;
While you or the rightful owner of the Content retain all ownership rights in the Content, you give us (and have the necessary rights to give us) the royalty-free, irrevocable, perpetual, worldwide right to allow other people to view the Content as described in these Terms; and to use, distribute, modify, display, publicly perform, and create derivative works from the Content, in any and all media, in any manner, in whole or in part, without any restriction or responsibilities to you or any third party, consistent with the purposes and functions of the Services;
You are entirely responsible for all Content you submit, post, contribute, link to, upload, email, transmit or otherwise make available in any way by or through the Services (collectively “Submissions”);
You have the written consent, release or permission of each and every identifiable individual person in the Content to use the name or likeness of each and every such identifiable individual person to enable inclusion and use of the Content in the manner contemplated by the Services and these Terms; and
For all Content, including all information and materials of any kind, including graphics, sounds, text, or otherwise posted or provided by any user by or through the Services, you understand that we are not responsible for the truth, completeness, objectivity, or usefulness of such Content, nor do we endorse any Content; we do not verify the identity of people using the Services; and we do not undertake any obligation to screen, monitor, edit or review Content before it appears on the Services. We do have the right, in our sole discretion, to monitor or remove any Content at any time and without notice if we believe doing so will improve the Services. We can also suspend or terminate use of the Service by anyone who does not follow these Terms. Nevertheless, you understand that by using the Services, you may be exposed to Content that is offensive or objectionable.
CONDUCT OF USERS
‍
We believe that all users benefit from basic rules regarding conduct while using the Services. Widespread use and enjoyment of the Services is jeopardized when a few individuals act irresponsibly. To help everyone have a positive experience, we ask, and you agree, to follow the following basic rules of conduct when using the Services:
You will follow these Terms and all applicable laws;
You will never give your password to anyone;
You will not harass, threaten or abuse other people when using the Services in any manner;
You will not interfere with others’ use of the Services or act in a way that negatively affects other users’ enjoyment of the Services;
You will not participate in any action that, in the sole and absolute opinion of KIDOZ, results or may result in any user of the Services being scammed or defrauded in any way in connection with such user’s use of the Services;
You will not upload, post, email or otherwise make available any Content that is obscene or may be hateful or offensive on racial, ethnic, sexual or any other grounds; is harmful, vulgar or distasteful; or is defamatory, libelous, or invades another person’s privacy or proprietary rights, including any patent, trademark, trade secret, or copyrights of any party;
You will not use or exploit any errors in design, features which have not been documented, or “bugs” to gain access in any way that is not generally known and intentionally made available by KIDOZ, and you will promptly report to KIDOZ your discovery of any such errors, features or bugs.
You will not attempt to harvest any user names or email addresses from the Services for any purpose;
You will not collect or store personal information about any other individual on the Services, or otherwise stalk, repeatedly contact or harass another user;
You will not impersonate any other person or misrepresent a relationship with any person or entity, including misrepresenting a relationship with KIDOZ; similarly, you will not adopt a false identity if the purpose of doing so is to deceive or defraud another;
You will not use the Services to harm minors in any way, or encourage interactions with minors of a sexual nature;
You will not manipulate the Services so as to hide your identity or participation in the Services (by using another person’s identity, changing headers, or otherwise modifying any other possible identifier);
You will not post any Content that contains any viruses, cancel bots, Trojan horses, harmful code, or other computer programs or code designed to interrupt the Services, the ability of users to enjoy the Services, or the proper functioning of any software, hardware or equipment or materials used in connection with the Services; and
You will not send any bulk unsolicited advertising, promotional information, email or other solicitation (including without limitation junk mail, “spam,” chain letters or pyramid schemes of any sort) to any person through the use of the Services.
If you violate any of the guidelines set forth above or any other aspect of these Terms, we reserve the right to suspend or terminate your rights to use the Services without giving you any notice. In the event that your rights to use the Services are terminated, you will immediately lose access to any information that may be on the system.We can terminate your access to the Services at any time. We may also remove any Content that you post without cause and without notice to you.
YOU UNDERSTAND THAT KIDOZ IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR YOUR INABILITY TO ACCESS ANY INFORMATION ON THE SERVICE FOR ANY REASON, WHETHER BECAUSE OF TERMINATION OF YOUR ACCOUNT; SOFTWARE, HARDWARE, OR INTERNET PROBLEMS OR ERRORS; OR ANY OTHER REASON.
‍
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
KIDOZ reserves all rights not expressly granted in the Agreement and disclaims the grant of any implied rights to you. The Services are owned by KIDOZ or its licensors, as applicable, and protected by applicable law, with all rights reserved. The entire content (images and text) of the Services is copyrighted and may not be reproduced, published, broadcast, posted, modified, transmitted, displayed, distributed, downloaded or otherwise used without the express written permission of KIDOZ. Except for allowing you to use the Services for your personal use as set forth in these Terms, when you use the Services you are not receiving a license or any other rights from us, including intellectual property  or other proprietary rights of KIDOZ or its licensors. You understand that you have no rights to the Services or any other property of KIDOZ or its licensors except as expressly provided in these Terms.
ABUSIVE, INAPPROPRIATE AND INFRINGING CONTENT
You understand and agree that KIDOZ may (but is not obligated to) review and remove any content of any kind (whether Website Content, User Generated Content or Third Party Content) that under KIDOZ sole discretion violates these Terms of Use or which might be offensive, illegal, inappropriate, unsuitable or which violates the rights of, harms, or threatens the safety of third parties and/or other users of the Website (“Abusive Content“). In addition, each user of the Website may notify KIDOZ that it considers certain content (whether Website Content, User Generated Content or Third Party Content) to be Abusive Content and provide reasons supporting such notification. KIDOZ shall examine such notification and reserves the right, at its sole and absolute discretion, to remove all or part of such Abusive Content and/or terminate a user’s ability to upload content in violation of these Terms of Use.KIDOZ takes the protection of intellectual property rights, including copyrights, very seriously. KIDOZ will terminate your access to, or use of, all or any part of the Services, without notice to you, if you infringe or misappropriate the intellectual property rights, including copyrights, of others. Pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, Title 17, United States Code, Section 501 et seq., copyright owners or their authorized agents may submit a complaint of alleged copyright infringement to KIDOZ if they have a good-faith belief that their protected works are being infringed. KIDOZ will respond to all such notifications that are sent.If you are a copyright owner or an agent thereof and believe that any content infringes upon your copyrights, you may submit a notification by providing our Copyright Agent with the following information in writing:
A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed;
Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site;
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled and information reasonably sufficient to permit KIDOZ to locate the material;
Information reasonably sufficient to permit KIDOZ to contact you, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail;
A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
KIDOZ designated Copyright Agent to receive notifications of claimed infringement may be contacted at:
info@kidoz.net
with the words “Copyright Agent” in the Subject of your mail. For clarity, only alleged infringement notices should go to the Copyright Agent; any other feedback, comments, requests for technical support, and other communications should be directed to KIDOZ customer service through support@kidoz.net. You acknowledge that if you fail to comply with all of the requirements of this Section, your infringement notice may not be valid.Upon receipt of such notification, KIDOZ shall promptly investigate the matter, and, if appropriate, remove or disable access to the allegedly infringing material. After KIDOZ removes or disables access to such material, if such material was posted by a user of the Service, KIDOZ will notify the party that posted the material of its action. Such party may then provide KIDOZ designated agent proper “counter-notification” stating his, her or its authority to post the allegedly infringing material, which KIDOZ will forward to the alleged copyright owner. KIDOZ will inform the alleged copyright owner that KIDOZ will repost the removed material or cease disabling access to it in ten to fourteen business days unless the alleged copyright owner sends a second notification to KIDOZ designated agent stating that it has filed suit against the alleged infringer.An effective counter-notification must be sent to KIDOZ designated agent, listed above. The notice must include the following information:
The counter-notifying party’s physical or electronic signature;
Identification of the material that has been removed or disabled and the location where the material was before its removal or disablement;
A statement, under penalty of perjury, that the party has a good faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or misidentification; and
The counter-notifying party’s name, address, phone number, and a statement that the party consents to the jurisdiction of the federal court in its district, or if the subscriber is foreign, it consents to any jurisdiction where KIDOZ is subject to jurisdiction, and that the subscriber will accept service of process from the person who provided KIDOZ with notification or an agent of such a person.
THIRD PARTY WEBSITES AND CONTENT
KIDOZ complies with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) and makes every effort to choose third-party websites and content that is kid-friendly. KIDOZ is however, not responsible or liable for the material, information and content available on or by means of any third-party content, services, online products, websites and webpages (“Third Party Content“). KIDOZ is also not responsible for the privacy practices and cannot guarantee the COPPA compliance of third-party content including on websites, webpages, services or online products. By linking to a non-KIDOZ website, webpage, content, service, online product, etc., KIDOZ does not represent or imply that it endorses such website, webpage, content, service or online product. You are responsible for reviewing the privacy practices of all third-party content.KIDOZ disclaims any responsibility whatsoever for any harm resulting from your use of non-KIDOZ websites, webpages, content, services, online products, etc. You are responsible for taking precautions as necessary to protect yourself and your computer systems from viruses, worms, Trojan horses and other harmful or destructive content.Kidoz is using the YouTube Data API service in order to allow a filtered and safe use of YouTube’s content. By using the Kidoz OS solution you acknowledge and accept the
YouTube API terms of service.
Where possible, KIDOZ uses the latest version of the YouTube API. In cases where the API cannot be updated, please be aware that certain features might stop working.
PRIVACY AND PROTECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
‍
Our Privacy Policy, located at:
https://kidoz.net/privacy-policy
explains our online information practices and how your information is collected and used.
WARRANTY DISCLAIMER
‍
YOU AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES SHALL BE AT YOUR SOLE RISK. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, KIDOZ, ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AND AGENTS DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, IN CONNECTION WITH THE SERVICES AND YOUR USE THEREOF. KIDOZ MAKES NO WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS ABOUT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE CONTENT OF ITS SERVICES (OF ANY KIND) OR THE CONTENT OF ANY SITES LINKED TO THE SERVICES AND ASSUMES NO LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY (I) ERRORS, MISTAKES, OR INACCURACIES OF CONTENT, (II) PERSONAL INJURY OR PROPERTY DAMAGE, OF ANY NATURE WHATSOEVER, RESULTING FROM YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF THE SERVICES, (III) ANY UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR USE OF KIDOZ’ SECURE SERVERS AND/OR ANY AND ALL PERSONAL INFORMATION AND/OR FINANCIAL INFORMATION STORED THEREIN, (IV) ANY INTERRUPTION OR CESSATION OF TRANSMISSION TO OR FROM THE SERVICES, AND/OR (V) ANY BUGS, VIRUSES, TROJAN HORSES, OR THE LIKE WHICH MAY BE TRANSMITTED TO OR THROUGH THE SERVICES BY ANY THIRD PARTY. KIDOZ DOES NOT WARRANT, ENDORSE, GUARANTEE, OR ASSUME RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY PRODUCT OR SERVICE ADVERTISED OR OFFERED BY A THIRD PARTY THROUGH THE SERVICES OR ANY HYPERLINKED WEBSITE OR FEATURED IN ANY BANNER OR OTHER ADVERTISING, AND KIDOZ WILL NOT BE A PARTY TO OR IN ANY WAY BE RESPONSIBLE FOR MONITORING ANY TRANSACTION BETWEEN YOU AND THIRD-PARTY PROVIDERS OF PRODUCTS OR SERVICES.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
‍
IN NO EVENT SHALL KIDOZ, ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, OR AGENTS, BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM ANY (I) ERRORS, MISTAKES, OR INACCURACIES OF CONTENT, (II) PERSONAL INJURY OR PROPERTY DAMAGE, OF ANY NATURE WHATSOEVER, RESULTING FROM YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF THE SERVICES, (III) ANY UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR USE OF KIDOZ SECURE SERVERS AND/OR ANY AND ALL PERSONAL INFORMATION AND/OR FINANCIAL INFORMATION STORED THEREIN, (IV) ANY INTERRUPTION OR CESSATION OF TRANSMISSION TO OR FROM THE SERVICES, (IV) ANY BUGS, VIRUSES, TROJAN HORSES, OR THE LIKE, WHICH MAY BE TRANSMITTED TO OR THROUGH THE SERVICES BY ANY THIRD PARTY, AND/OR (V) ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN ANY CONTENT OR FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND INCURRED AS A RESULT OF YOUR USE OF ANY CONTENT POSTED, EMAILED, TRANSMITTED, OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE VIA THE SERVICES, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT, OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, AND WHETHER OR NOT KIDOZ IS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THE FOREGOING LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL APPLY TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW IN THE APPLICABLE JURISDICTION.
INDEMNITY
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless KIDOZ, its parent corporation, officers, directors, employees and agents, from and against any and all claims, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs and expenses (including reasonable legal fees) arising from: (i) your use of and access to the Services; (ii) your violation of any term of these Terms of Use; (iii) your violation of any third party right, including without limitation any copyright, property, or privacy right; or (iv) any claim that your potential postings or User Generated Content caused damage to a third party. This defense and indemnification obligation will survive the expiration of your use of the Services.
ABILITY TO ACCEPT TERMS OF USE
‍
You affirm that you are either more than 18 years of age, or an emancipated minor, or possess legal parental or guardian consent, and are fully able and competent to enter into the terms, conditions, obligations, affirmations, representations, and warranties set forth in these Terms of Use, and to abide by and comply with these Terms of Use.
GOVERNING LAW & JURISDICTION
‍
Your use of the Services and Product and these Terms of Use shall be governed in all respects by the laws of Israel, without giving effect to its conflict-of-law provisions. You agree that any action brought against KIDOZ arising out of or relating to the Services or Product or these Terms of Use may be brought only before the courts of Tel Aviv, Israel.ANY CAUSE OF ACTION ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THE SERVICES MUST COMMENCE WITHIN ONE (1) YEAR AFTER THE CAUSE OF ACTION ACCRUES. OTHERWISE, SUCH CAUSE OF ACTION IS PERMANENTLY BARRED.
GENERAL
These Terms of Use, together with the Privacy Policy located at
https://kidoz.net/privacy-policy
and any other legal notices published by KIDOZ on the Website or Product shall constitute the entire agreement between you and KIDOZ concerning the Services. If any provision of these Terms of Use is deemed invalid by a court of competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of these Terms of Use, which shall remain in full force and effect. No waiver of any term of these Terms of Use shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or any other term, and KIDOZ failure to assert any right or provision under these Terms of Use shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
TCF Attestation
This serves as an attestation of Kidoz's commitment to the principles and guidelines outlined in the Interactive Advertising Bureau (IAB) Transparency and Consent Framework. We acknowledge the importance of transparency, data privacy, and responsible data practices in the digital advertising ecosystem. By adopting the IAB Transparency Framework, we affirm our dedication to promoting transparency and empowering users to make informed choices about their online advertising experiences.
Our commitment to the IAB Transparency and Consent Framework includes but is not limited to:
‍
•	Disclosure of Data Collection and Use: We will provide clear and meaningful disclosures to users regarding the collection, use, and sharing of their data, including the purpose and recipients of such data.
•	Enhanced Notice and User Controls: We will ensure that users are provided with prominent and easily accessible notice about data collection and usage practices, as well as the ability to exercise meaningful choices and control over their data.
•	Data Minimization and Purpose Limitation: We will collect and process user data only for specific, legitimate purposes and we will minimize the collection and retention of data to what is necessary to fulfill those purposes.
•	Data Accuracy and Accountability: We will take reasonable steps to ensure the accuracy and integrity of the data we collect, and we will implement appropriate measures to safeguard user data from unauthorized access, loss, or misuse.
•	Third-Party Data Partners: We will ensure that any third-party data partners we engage with adhere to the same high standards of transparency and user privacy, as outlined in the IAB Transparency Framework.
•	Compliance with Applicable Laws and Regulations: We will comply with all relevant laws, regulations, and self-regulatory codes related to data protection and advertising.
•	Ongoing Education and Awareness: We will continue to educate our employees, partners, and stakeholders about the importance of data privacy, transparency, and responsible data practices in the digital advertising ecosystem.
By adopting the IAB Transparency Framework, Kidoz is committed to creating a more trustworthy and user-centric advertising environment. We understand that achieving these goals requires continuous evaluation and improvement of our practices, and we pledge to stay informed about emerging trends and developments regarding data protection and transparency. We also understand that our compliance with the IAB Transparency Framework may be subject to verification or assessment by applicable authorities or industry bodies, and are committed to cooperating with any such inquiries. Through our adherence to the IAB Transparency Framework, we aim to prioritize transparency and data protection as members of the digital advertising industry.
Website and SDK Privacy Policy
[Last Updated: July 13, 2020]
‍
KIDOZ Ltd. (together with its subsidiaries, affiliates, employees, officers and directors, as applicable – collectively “
Company
” “
KIDOZ
” or “
we
” or “
us
” or “
our
“) is a mobile-driven company that provides a kid-safe environment and family-friendly designated products and mobile technology, such as our SDK, mobile apps, games, etc. (“
Products
”).
‍
KIDOZ respects the privacy of its Users and Business Partners (both as defined below, and collectively “
you
”). We believe it is important for you to make informed decisions regarding the use of our Services based on your understanding of what information we collect while you use our Services, what we do with such information, how we process it, with whom we share it, as well as your rights and choices regarding your information held by us. For this purpose, we have established this privacy policy (“
Privacy
Policy
”) which will further describe and detail our privacy practices while you use or otherwise interact with our following Products, in the event you are our Business Partner or a User (collectively “
Services
”):
Our website available at:
https://kidoz.net/
(“
Website
”) which is intended as a general audience website that enables visitors to learn more about our Products, and further applicable content and tools for our Business Partners, families and parents (as applicable).
Our Software Developer Kit (“
SDK
”) implemented by our third-party mobile application developer partners (“
Business
Partners
”) for the purpose of delivering children’s content-safe advertisements to users (“
User(s)
”) who download, use or otherwise interact with our Business Partner’s app (“
App
”).
‍
For more details regarding the terms and conditions for use of the Website, please read our Terms of Use (“
Terms
of
Use
”), a current copy of which is available at
https://kidoz.net/terms-of-use/
. For more details regarding the terms and conditions for use of our SDK, please read our Publisher Terms of Service (“
Publisher’s
Terms
”), a current copy of which is available at
https://kidoz.net/sdk-terms-and-conditions/.
Note that, this Privacy Policy is an integral part of the Terms of Use and Publisher’s Terms (collectively the “
Agreement
")
Please note that, this Privacy Policy solely applies to our privacy practices related to our Products, and it does not apply to the practices of companies that KIDOZ does not own or control or to people it does not employ or manage, as well as to our Business Partner’s privacy practices. Thus, we encourage you to review each App’s privacy policy in order to be aware of our Business Partners’ data collection and use practices while using their Apps.
‍
ACCEPTANCE OF THE TERMS:
BY USING THE SERVICES INCLUDING BUSINESS PARTNERS’ APPS, YOU HEREBY AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND TO THE COLLECTION AND USE OF CERTAIN INFORMATION, AS DESCRIBED IN THIS POLICY. ANY USE OR CONTINUED USE OF THE SERVICES CONSTITUTES YOUR AGREEMENT AND CONSENT TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS, PLEASE DO NOT ACCESS OR DOWNLOAD THE APP OR OTHERWISE USE THE SERVICES.
IF YOU ARE A PARENT OR LEGAL GUARDIAN (18 YEARS OF AGE OR OLDER) AND YOU PROVIDE YOUR CONSENT TO YOUR CHILDREN’S USE OF THE SERVICES, YOU CONSENT AND AGREE TO THE COLLECTION, USE AND DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION ABOUT YOU AND YOUR CHILDREN AS DESCRIBED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY.
‍
CHILDREN'S INFORMATION
‍
‍
Our Privacy Policy and our privacy practices adhere to the United States Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“
COPPA
”). We will not knowingly collect and store Personal Information directly from: (i) US resident children under 13 years of age without parental consent, except as permitted under COPPA; (ii) EU resident children under 16 years of age without parental consent, except as permitted under EU applicable law. If we believe that we have collected and stored Personal Information from a child (without the necessary parental consent or other legal basis to do so), we will delete the Personal Information provided as soon as feasibly possible. In any event, KIDOZ does not condition a child’s participation in or access to any online activity on the child providing more Personal Information than is reasonably necessary for that activity. If you are aware that your child has provided us with Personal Information not in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
support@kidoz.net
You may also contact us through the communication alternatives detailed herein (just scroll to the bottom of this Privacy Policy).Our Products, including our SDK, are designed as tools that enable kids to discover, launch and use our Business Partners’ Apps and other kid-friendly content safely, with parental controls managed through the Product. ­ Please note that the parental controls may vary (or may not be present) from Product to Product.
Kids Privacy Assured by PRIVO: COPPA Safe Harbor Certification
KIDOZ Ltd is a member of the PRIVO Kids Privacy Assured COPPA safe harbor certification program (“
the Program
”). The Program certification applies to the digital properties listed on the validation page that is viewable by clicking on the PRIVO Seal. PRIVO is an independent, third-party organization committed to safeguarding children’s personal information collected online. The PRIVO COPPA certification Seal posted on this page indicates
KIDOZ Ltd.
has established COPPA compliant privacy practices and has agreed to submit to PRIVO’s oversight and consumer dispute resolution process. If you have questions or concerns about our privacy practices, please contact us at
+972-9-779-6366
or support@kidoz.net . If you have further concerns after you have contacted us, you can contact PRIVO directly at privacy@privo.com
TYPES OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT
‍
We may collect different categories of information from you, either Personal or Non-Personal Information (as defined below) depending on the nature of your interaction with the Services, whether you are a Business Partner, a User or a visitor to our Website (or otherwise use the Websites features), all as detailed below.
The first type of information is non-identifiable information that may be made available or gathered through your use of the Services; to clarify, we are not aware of your identity based on such information (“
Non-Personal Information
”). The Non-Personal Information that is being collected may include your aggregated usage information and technical information transmitted by your device, including: (i) certain software and hardware information such as: type of operating system, type of device, language preference, the time and date you access our Services, your actions within our Services (e.g., registration, pages viewed, etc.), the URLs from which you were directed to our Website, search queries, etc.; and (ii) approximate geo-location (Country).
The second type of information is individually identifiable information, namely information that identifies an individual or may with reasonable effort identify an individual (“
Personal Information
”). Personal Information includes either (depending on your interaction with the Services): (i) contact information which you have submitted voluntarily such as your name and email address; or (ii) certain identifiers, such as your Internet Protocol (“IP”) addresses (the addresses of computers on the Internet), or Advertising ID, IDFA (“
Identifiers
”).
Note that the Identifiers are considered “Personal Information” in many jurisdictions (such as the EEA, as well as under COPPA), thus, KIDOZ treats Identifiers as such and complies with applicable laws.You are not required by law to provide us with any information. You can always refuse to supply Personal Information; however, you acknowledge that such refusal may prevent you from engaging in certain activities on the Website or Services. For example, if you are a Business Partner, we will not be able to provide you with the Services if you do not provide us with your name and email address, or, if you wish to receive our newsletter or communicate with us, we must obtain your email address.In addition, in the event we combine Personal Information with Non-Personal Information, the combined information will be treated as Personal Information for as long as it remains combined.
Information we collect from visitors of our Website (Including Users and Business Partners)
Type of Information
How Do We Use It?
In the event you contact us for support or other inquiries, either through the
online form
available in the Website, by sending us an email or by other means of communications we make available, you will provide us with your email address and may provide us with your name.
We will use this information solely for the purpose of responding to your inquiries and providing you with the support you have requested.
In the event you wish to
report us
regarding Abusive Content or Copyrights Infringement you will be required to provide us with your name and email address and may be asked to provide your mailing address.
We will use this information solely for the purpose of communicating with you regarding your report.
In the event you are interested in joining our team, and wish to
submit your CV
to published job offers, you will be required to provide us with your name, email address, and CV. You may also be asked to provide us with your phone number, location (City) and LinkedIn profile.
Your provision of personal information in connection with recruiting is voluntary, and you determine the extent of information you provide us. We do not request or require sensitive personal information concerning religion, health, sexual orientation, or political affiliation in connection with recruiting. We will use the information you have provided solely to communicate with you, to manage our recruiting and hiring processes, and for compliance with corporate governance and legal and regulatory requirements. If you are hired, the information may be used in connection with employment and corporate management.
Identifiers
We may collect Identifiers from visitors of our Website. We will use it in order to fulfil our legitimate interests of operating, managing our Websites, customizing and improving our Website and the content available therein.
We also collect certain technical Non-Personal Information (as detailed below) which relates to your use of the Website, the amount of time you spent viewing certain portions of the Website, etc.
We use this technical Non-Personal Information for the purpose of: (i) our legitimate interests of operating, providing, maintaining, protecting, managing, customizing and improving our Website and Services and the way in which we offer them; (ii) enhancing your experience with the Services; (iii)  our legitimate interests of auditing and tracking usage statistics and traffic flow, and detecting fraud, security or technical issues in connection with the Services; (iv) perform research, for analytical and statistical purposes, to improve our Services.
Information We Collect from Business Partners
If you are a Business Partner, we may collect the following information:
Type of Information
How Do We Use It?
In order to use our SDK and related services, you will be required to create a
Publisher Account.
During the registration flow you may provide us with certain information such as: full name, email address, company name and applicable URLs. Further, during the registration process the Business Partner will be required to create a password, at which time you thereby represent and warrant that you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your details and password. You represent and warrant that you will not provide inaccurate, misleading or false information to KIDOZ.
You may also choose to sign in with your Facebook or Google account.  The information we will receive depends on your privacy settings with the network and you should always review, and if necessary, adjust your privacy settings on third-party websites and services before linking or connecting them to our Services.
We will use this information for the purpose of performing our contract with you, provide you with the Services you have requested, and designate your account in order to display the applicable information on your account dashboard. We will use the email address in order to send you needed information related to the Services and our business engagement (e.g., send you a Welcome message, to notify you regarding any updates to our Products, changes in our requirements or privacy practices, and additional occasional communications related to the Services) as well as verify your identity.
If you voluntarily subscribe to our newsletter you will be asked to provide us with your email address. You can unsubscribe at any time using the unsubscribe option within the body of the newsletter or by contacting customer support at
support@kidoz.net
We will use your email address in order to send you information related to our Services and to keep you up to date regarding new Products, related news, updates, etc.
We also collect certain technical
Non-Personal Information
(as detailed below) that relates to your use of the Website including your Publisher Account, the amount of time you spent viewing certain portions of the Website, etc.
We use this technical Non-Personal Information for the purpose of: (i) our legitimate interests of operating, providing, maintaining, protecting, managing and customizing our Website and Services and the way in which we offer them; (ii) enhancing your experience with the Services; (iii)  our legitimate interests of auditing and tracking usage statistics and traffic flow, and detecting fraud, security or technical issues in connection with the Services; (iv) perform research, and gather demographic information for analytical and statistical purposes, to improve our Services.
Information we Collect from Users
Our SDK, which is integrated into a Business Partner’s App, is a piece of software that allows our Business Partners to provide Users with customized advertisements designated to children, both in terms of children’s safe content, as well as in terms of data collection. Meaning, we will not collect through our SDK any Personal Data without parental consent, except as permitted under applicable law and detailed below. In addition, we do NOT use any Personal Information collected for profiling (e.g., behavioral advertising) or cross device tracking. We solely serve contextual ads (e.g., if the User is interacting with a painting app, we will present advertisements related to painting). In case we need to collect any other Personal Information, which is not listed here, we will ensure parental consent is obtained before doing so, in the event required by applicable law.
‍
If you are a User, we may collect the following information:
Type of Information
How Do We Use It?
Approximate GEO location data
We will use this information solely in order to determine the User’s country and to target the applicable advertising campaign. Meaning, if the User is located in a country where the official language is Spanish, the advertisement represented shall be in that language.
Identifiers
·       We will use the Identifiers we collect for two purposes: (i) targeting the applicable advertising campaign (for example, to enable ad frequency capping); and (ii) maintaining or internally analyzing the functioning of our Services.
·       In any event, we use the Identifier solely for internal support purposes and/or in compliance with COPPA regulations
We also collect certain technical
Non-Personal Information
(as detailed below) which relates to the Users use of the App.
We use this technical Non-Personal Information for the purpose of: (i) our legitimate interests of operating, providing, maintaining, protecting, managing, customizing and improving our Services and the way in which we offer them; (ii) enhancing your experience with the Services; (iii)  our legitimate interests of auditing and tracking usage statistics and traffic flow, and detecting fraud, security or technical issues in connection with the Services; (iv) perform research, for analytical and statistical purposes, to improve our Services.
In addition to the above, we may offer blogs or other Public Forums (as defined in the “Terms of Service” governing the use of the Products) as well as other features in which a parent or other adult may provide us with Submissions (as defined in the Terms of Service), but we take measures, including live moderation, so that users cannot communicate Personal Information through these Public Forums. If you use a Public Forum on the Website, and disclose Personal Information that we do not detect, you should be aware that such information could be read, collected or used by other users. We are not responsible for any Personal Information you choose to submit in these Public Forums.We may use data in an aggregated, non-specific format for analytical purposes. Information is anonymous and aggregated and we will not link statistical information to any Personal Information. We may share such statistical information with our partners, without restriction. We also compile demographic data and usage-related information for a variety of uses in an aggregated or anonymized manner intended to remove or obscure any personal information which can identify any individual user.
HOW WE COLLECT INFORMATION
‍
Depending on the nature of your interaction with the Services, KIDOZ may collect information as follows:
Automatically
– KIDOZ primarily collects information from Users when a Business Partner serves an advertisement to a User through our SDK, as detailed above. In addition, we may use Cookies (as elaborated in the Section below) to gather some information automatically.
Provided by you voluntarily
– meaning, if and when you choose to provide us with information such as through a registration process, newsletter registration, contact us communications, etc. all as detailed in this Privacy Policy.
COOKIES
‍
We may use software technologies such as unique identifiers or “cookies” to collect and store information related to your interactions with the Website. Cookies are small data files that are placed onto your device by our servers. We may use temporary session cookies, which are terminated when you close the current session, to store certain Personal Information provided by you for purposes of administering that session. We also may use persistent cookies, which remain saved on your device after the current session is closed, to store information to facilitate future sessions. Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser settings to decline cookies or to notify you when a cookie is being placed on your device. Each browser is different, but generally users can remove cookies by following directions provided in the browser’s “help” file. Also, you are free to delete any existing cookies at any time. Please note that, if you reject cookies or disable cookies, some features of the Website may not function properly.
DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION
‍
‍
We do not disclose, share, sell, rent or otherwise distribute any of your Personal Information with or to any independent third parties
unless as specified herein:
Authorized Disclosures – we may disclose your Personal Information to third parties when you consent to a particular disclosure of your Personal Information. Please note that once we share your information with another third party, that information becomes subject to the other third party’s privacy practices.
Business Transfers – we may transfer our databases containing your Personal Information if we sell our business or any part of it. In the event of the aforementioned, our affiliated companies or acquiring company will assume the rights and obligations as described in this Privacy Policy.
Law Enforcement related disclosure – we may be required to share information (including Personal Information) collected in the event the information is required by law in order to prevent, investigate, or take action regarding illegal activities, situations involving potential threats to physical safety, rights, property or of any person, suspected fraud and violations of our Terms of Use. In addition, we will share information in response to legal process, court orders, subpoenas, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims.
Business Partners, Service Providers, Affiliates, and Subcontractors – we may disclose information, including Personal Information, we collect from and/or about you to our trusted affiliates, personnel, licensors, contractors, service providers, subcontractors and business partners who may use such information to help us provide you with the Services; for example, we will share the email addresses of users who have registered to our Newsletter, in order to provide them with direct marketing services. We authorize these third-party service providers to use Personal Information only for the purpose of providing the specific services requested by us.
Identifiers – we may share Identifiers, for the purpose of operating our business and providing the Services, meaning to serve the advertisements through our SDK, as well as to calculate payments and detect fraud, security or technical issues in connection with the Services.
DATA RETENTION
‍
We retain this collected information as long as it remains necessary for the purposes set forth above, all in accordance with applicable laws, or until an individual expresses a preference to opt-out. We may at our sole discretion, delete or amend information from our systems, without notice to you, once we deem it is no longer necessary for such purposes.
HOW WE PROTECT INFORMATION
‍
KIDOZ is committed to protecting your Personal Information. Thus, KIDOZ has implemented technical, physical and administrative security measures to protect the Personal Information submitted to and collected by us, both during transmission and once we receive it. In addition, KIDOZ limits access to your information on its servers, and it is password-protected as well as encrypted. The data collected by us is stored in the AWS data servers; for more information regarding the data security provided by AWS, please see:
https://aws.amazon.com/security/
. For additional information regarding KIDOZ’s security measures, please see:
https://kidoz.net/security/
. You should be aware, however, that there is no data that is transmitted over the Internet that can be guaranteed 100% secure in transmission or safe from theft or illegal capture.
YOUR RIGHTS, CHOICES AND CONTROL OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION:
You have a right to know what information we hold about you and, in some cases, to have such information communicated to you. You may also ask for our confirmation as to whether or not we process your Personal Information. Subject to the limitations in applicable law, you may also be entitled to obtain from us the Personal Information you provided to us in a structured, commonly-used, and machine-readable format, and may have the right to transmit such Personal Information to another party.
Your principal rights under applicable data protection law in relation to your Personal Information are as follows:
the right to access any information which is provided by you;
the right to rectification;
the right to erasure;
the right to restrict processing;
the right to object to processing;
the right to data portability;
the right to complain to a supervisory authority; and
the right to withdraw consent (to the extent applicable).
We provide you with the ability to exercise certain choices and controls in connection with our treatment of your Personal Information, depending on your relationship with us. If you wish to exercise any or all of the above rights, please contact us by email at:
support@kidoz.net
, or contact our Data Protection Officer at:
dpo@kidoz.net
, and let us know that you wish to exercise your right of access and specify what Personal Information you would like to receive. Where we are not able to provide you with the information which you have requested, we will endeavor to explain the reasoning for this. We reserve the right to ask for reasonable evidence to verify your identity before we provide you with any such information in accordance with applicable law. In addition, the process of locating and deleting the data may take up to one (1) month in accordance with applicable law. Data privacy and related laws in your jurisdiction may provide you with different or additional rights related to the data we collect from you, which may also apply.
BUSINESS PARTNERS DIRECT MARKETING
We may send our Business Partners an email or other messages about us or our Services. Our Business Partners can remove their Personal Information from our mailing list and stop receiving promotional communications from us by following the unsubscribe link located at the bottom of each communication or by emailing us at
support@kidoz.net
.  Please note that even if you unsubscribe, we reserve the right to send you service-related communications, including service announcements and administrative messages, relating either to your Publisher Account or to your transactions with the Services, without offering you the opportunity to opt out of receiving them unless you cancel your Publisher Account.
OPT-OUT
‍
You may easily opt out of the data collection, sharing process and targeted advertising services related to our Service. Please note that even if you opt-out, you will still receive content and advertising from KIDOZ. Opting-out simply means that the advertisements you do receive from us may not be contextual or repetitive ads may be displayed
MOBILE OPT-OUT:
You may limit the disclosure of certain information by your mobile device to us and our Business Partners by adjusting the settings on your mobile device. You should review your device settings and instructions. Notwithstanding, we provide the following instructions solely for informational purposes (as they might be revised by the device supplier): For iOS mobile Devices, go to “Settings” from your Device’s home screen; scroll down to “Privacy”; select “Advertising”; and turn on “Limit Ad Tracking.” For Android mobile Devices, go to “Google Settings” on your Device; select “Ads”; and check the box labeled “Opt Out of Interest-Based Ads.” Please read your device-specific information to learn how to opt-out:
ANDROID
iOS
WEBSITE OPT-OUT:
‍
You may control how your browser responds to cookies by adjusting the privacy and security settings of your web browser.
Please refer to the support page of the browser you are using. In this regard, following are some links that you may find useful:
Google
Firefox
Internet Explorer
Safari
Edge
Opera
INDUSTRY STANDARDS
‍
You may opt out of certain advertisers’ cookies and browser-enabled, interest-based advertising at the Network Advertising Initiative’s (“NAI”) website –
NAI consumer opt-out
and the Digital Advertising Alliance’s (“DAA”) website –
DAA opt-out page
.
BUSINESS OPT-OUT
‍
Our Business Partners may also provide ways for you to opt out from or limit their collection of information from and about you. Please refer to the privacy policies for the Apps to learn more about the privacy practices of our Business Partners.If you have any additional complaints about your privacy rights, please initially contact the Data Protection Officer. Please note that you have the right at any time to contact your local data protection authority. You may also contact us at:
support@kidoz.net
, or as detailed below, and we will be happy to assist you. Note that once you opt out, part of the Services provided by us might no longer be available and some features may not work if you revoke the data transfer.
THIRD PARTY SITES AND SERVICES
‍
This Privacy Policy applies solely to the information collected by KIDOZ through the Services and does not apply to any other websites, applications or services. Portions of the Website or Services (including, without limitation, advertisements) may involve linking to or using websites or services belonging to third parties, such as various icons, shortcuts or other means of access. The Website and/or Services may also provide you with links to access the applications of third party vendors or companies. We have no control over third-party sites or services, including Business Partner’s Apps, and all use of third-party sites or services, including Business Partner’s Apps, is at your own risk. We cannot accept responsibility for the privacy practices of any such third parties or Business Partners. We are not responsible for content available by means of such sites, services or Apps. KIDOZ does not endorse any products or services offered by third parties or by our Business Partners and we urge you to exercise caution in using third-party sites, services or Apps and review their privacy practices.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
‍
This policy may change from time to time and we will post the amended terms on the Website and notify you by email of substantial changes. Amended terms will take effect immediately for new users, and 10 days after they are posted for existing users. You should review the Privacy Policy periodically to remain informed of any changes. You agree to accept posting of a revised Privacy Policy as actual notice to you. Your continued use of the Services following any changes to this Privacy Policy have been posted as of the “Last Updated” date above (or, if applicable, notified) signifies your acceptance of those changes. If you do not agree to the revised Privacy Policy, please refrain from using our Services and contact us by sending an email to:
support@kidoz.net
.
COMMENTS AND QUESTIONS
‍
If you have any comments or questions about our privacy policy, please contact us at:
KIDOZ Ltd.
12 Haomanut Street,
Poleg Industrial Park
PO BOX 8517
Netanya, Israel
+972-9-779-6366
You can also contact us via email at:
support@kidoz.net
DATA PROTECTION OFFICER
‍
If you have any requests regarding the data collected under this Privacy Policy, including without limitation, requests to remove, delete, amend, modify or transfer the data, please contact our Data Protection Officer at:
dpo@kidoz.net
‍
Please be sure to include your information in any correspondence to us so that we can respond to your inquiry in a timely manner.
CONNECT YOUR AUDIENCE WITH TOP BRANDS USING KIDOZ SAFE MONETIZATION SDK
KIDOZ SDK provides effective quality monetization that is fully COPPA and GDPR compliant.
Certified compliant with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) by FTC-approved safe harbor and child privacy experts,
PRIVO
KIDOZ SDK implements all necessary features to ensure compliance with Google Play and App Store regulations, including:
Mandatory Age Gates on external links (iOS)
Showing one ad per screen (Google)
Clearly distinguish ads from content
Ad content rating matches referring app content rating
KIDOZ is one of Google Play’s certified ad networks
Every campaign & ad creative is checked manually by our in-house team
All ad campaigns are reviewed manually for relevance, appropriateness and compliance
All ad campaigns are checked manually to ensure that they do not collect any personal information, such as name, date of birth, email address, location, etc.
Campaigns are displayed in most relevant apps
Developers working with Kidoz are required to mark the content targeting of their apps when adding them to Kidoz dashboard.
Kidoz editorial team then manually checks each app and compares the age rating with that shown in Google Play and AppStore to target only appropriate ads for a certain age (e.g. 5 and under)
Ad campaigns are displayed in apps that are most relevant, based on age, gender and content, to ensure suitability and successful delivery
KIDOZ SDK Data Policy
NO Behavioral Targeting or Re-marketing
NO Personal Information or Identifiers are collected & shared with advertisers
Campaign data is deleted after 60 days
All ads are delivered with KIDOZ watermark
KIDOZ proudly features campaigns from top kids brands
‍
All of KIDOZ campaigns are ensured relevant and only include promotions from top brands for kids:
Report Content
Report Abusive Content
Report Copyright Infringement
Report Abusive Content
KIDOZ takes issues of privacy and copyright very seriously and does all it can to prevent abuse and infringement of rights on our mobile apps, website and PC program (“KIDOZ Services”).As a platform for content discovery for kids, KIDOZ is extremely sensitive to the importance of providing kid-friendly content and makes every effort to ensure that only appropriate content is offered in our libraries. All content provided by KIDOZ is from official and/or reliable sources, reviewed for its relevance and suitability to kids.KIDOZ offers access to online content and applications and respects all laws regarding copyright and infringement. If you believe that content accessible through KIDOZ Services infringes a copyright, please report this to us and we will handle it immediately.
General report form
This form shall be used for complaints regarding any form of abuse, inappropriate content or any violation of the KIDOZ Terms of Use.
KIDOZ does not undertake in any way to accept your complaint and/or to take any action, and it shall act or refrain from taking action at its sole discretion after considering your complaint and verifying the information you provide.
Your Name
Email Address
Mailing Address
Identify the content on our service that is subject of your complaint
Identify the location of this content on KIDOZ
How is the content abusive of the Terms?
By submitting this notice, you declare that the information in the notice is accurate.
I agree
Thank you! Your submission has been received!
Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form.
Report Copyright Infringement
KIDOZ takes the protection of intellectual property rights, including copyrights, very seriously. It is KIDOZ policy to respond to clear notices of alleged copyright infringement that comply with the requirements of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (the “DMCA”).The fastest way to report a copyright infringement on KIDOZ is to fill out our automated form below.You can also send a DMCA notice to our designated agent (KIDOZ designated Copyright Agent may be contacted at: info@kidoz.net  with the words “Copyright Agent” in the Subject of your mail). Such report must include the following information and details:
A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly being infringed.
Clear and precise identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed (in a form enabling us to verify the claim);
Details of infringing materials and their Internet location (on KIDOZ).
Contact information of the complaining party, including a physical address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted.
A statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the complaint matter is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.​
Upon receipt of such notification, KIDOZ shall promptly investigate the matter, and, if appropriate, remove or disable access to the allegedly infringing material.For full details of KIDOZ terms and policies regarding copyright infringement, please read our Terms of Use.
Copyright Infringement Report Form
Your Name
Email Address
Telephone
Identify the copyrighted work that you claim has been stolen
(Please provide clear and precise identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, in a form enabling us to verify the claim.)(Please provide clear and precise identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, in a form enabling us to verify the claim.)
Identify the content on our site that you claim infringes your copyright
Location of infringing content on KIDOZ
How is the content abusive of the Terms?
By submitting this notice, you declare that you have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted content described above, in the complaint matter, is not authorized by the copyright owner, it's agent or the law. You also declare the information in this notice is accurate. And finally, you declare under penalty of perjury, that you are the owner or authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive copyright that is allegedly infringed.
I agree
Thank you! Your submission has been received!
Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form.
PRIVACY POLICY
KIDOZ Applications
[Last Modified: November 11, 2020]
KIDOZ Ltd. (together with its subsidiaries, affiliates, employees, officers and directors, as applicable – collectively “Company” “KIDOZ” or “we” or “us” or “our “) is a mobile-driven company that provides a kid-safe environment and family-friendly designated products and mobile technology, such as KIDOZ Discover the Best application, an entertainment solution for kids that combines safety, engagement appropriate children’s content (“KID Mode App”) and other child friendly mobile applications (collectively “App(s)” and together with the features and services provided therein shall be defined as the “Services”).KIDOZ respects the privacy of its users (both parents and children, and collectively “you” or “user”). We believe it is important for you to make informed decisions regarding the use of our Services based on your understanding of what information we collect through the use of our Apps, what we do with such information, how we process it, with whom we share it, as well as your rights and choices regarding your information processed by us. For this purpose, we have drafted this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”), which will further describe and detail our privacy practices while you use or otherwise interact with our Apps; but before that, we would like to explain the basis on which we process data:
Where you sign up for any of our Services, we process personal data in order to perform our contract with you;
If we have a legitimate interest in processing data, such as for direct marketing or online identifiers when you access our Website or interact with our Services, subject to applicable law provisions; or
We will also process personal data where you have provided us with consent to do so.
Agreement
”).
For more details regarding the terms and conditions for use of the Apps, please read our Terms of Use (“Terms of Use”), a current copy of which is available
here.
Note that this Privacy Policy is an integral part of the Terms of Use (collectively the “
Agreement
”).
CHILDREN'S INFORMATION
‍
Our Privacy Policy and our privacy practices adhere to the United States Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”), as well as other applicable laws. We will not knowingly collect and store Personal Information directly from: (i) US resident children under 13 years of age without parental consent, except as permitted under COPPA; (ii) EU resident children under 16 years of age without parental consent, except as permitted under EU applicable law. If we believe that we have collected and stored Personal Information from a child (without the necessary parental consent or other legal basis to do so), we will delete the Personal Information provided as soon as feasibly possible. If you are aware that your child has provided us with Personal Information not in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
support@kidoz.net
. You may also contact us, through the communication alternatives detailed herein (just scroll to the bottom of this Privacy Policy).
KIDOZ Ltd is a member of the PRIVO Kids Privacy Assured COPPA safe harbor certification Program (“the Program”). The Program certification applies to the digital properties listed on the certification page that is viewable by clicking on the PRIVO Seal. PRIVO is an independent, third-party organization committed to safeguarding children's personal information collected online. The PRIVO COPPA safe harbor certification Seal posted on this page indicates KIDOZ Ltd has established COPPA compliant privacy practices and has agreed to submit to PRIVO’s oversight and consumer dispute resolution process. If you have questions or concerns about our privacy practices, please contact us at +972-9-779-6366 or
support@kidoz.net.
If you have further concerns after you have contacted us, you can contact PRIVO directly at
privacy@privo.com.
PARENT KIDOZ ACCOUNT
In order to use certain features of the KID Mode App, you as parent will be requested to create a designated Parent KIDOZ Account (“Account”). By creating an Account, you provide your consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your child’s Personal Information as described in this Privacy Policy, and as needed per Product. If at any time you do not want you or your child to be bound by these terms, you must deactivate your Account by emailing your request to:
support@kidoz.net
or uninstalling the App from your mobile device. You represent and warrant that you are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your Account details and password, and for any and all activity made under the Account. You represent and warrant that you will not provide inaccurate, misleading or false information to KIDOZ, and that you will provide only your own or your child’s information. Following the creation of your Account, you will be able to access your designated dashboard, activate parental controls to your preference and view certain child usage information (some features will require payment).
During Registration, and subject to applicable legal requirements, the parent will be requested to provide consent to the processing of the child’s Personal Information related to the child’s use of the App (as detailed herein). Following which, a verification email will be sent to the email address provided through registration. The parent will be required to follow the instructions detailed in the verification email and activate the Account within the period defined therein (“Pending Period”). In the event the parent does not activate the Account within the Pending Period, the Account will be blocked until the parent either requests to resend the verification email and subsequently activates the account, or chooses to proceed solely as a guest (meaning, some features will not be available). In this latter case, the parent account and all child profiles under the parent account will be removed from the KIDOZ database and all user activity information previously collected will be deleted and no additional data will be collected for that user.
In either event, following the Pending Period, KIDOZ will cease to collect any information related to the specific user’s use of the App. In addition, in the event the parent does not activate the Account within the given time period even after having requested a new verification email and parent does not choose to proceed as a Guest, in other words, there is no user activity at all for this account, KIDOZ will delete the Personal Information related to the child’s use of the App. The Account will remain Active until either User chooses to use KIDOZ as a Guest or Parent requests to close Account.
TYPES OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT
‍
We may collect different categories of information from you, either Personal or Non-Personal Information (as defined below) depending on the nature of your interaction with the Services, all as detailed below.The first type of information is non-identifiable information that may be made available or gathered through your use of the Services; to clarify, we are not aware of your identity based on such information (“Non-Personal Information”). The Non-Personal Information that is being collected may include your aggregated usage information and technical information transmitted by your device, including certain software and hardware information such as: device brand, screen size, UDID, type of operating system, type of device, language preference, the time and date you access our Services, your actions within our Services (e.g., registration, pages viewed, etc.), the URLs from which you were directed to our Services, search queries within our Services, etc., and approximate geo-location (Country).
The second type of information is individually identifiable information, namely information that identifies an individual or may with reasonable effort identify an individual (“
Personal
Information
”). Personal Information includes information voluntarily provided by you as well as certain identifiers, such as Internet Protocol (“
IP
”) addresses, or mobile advertising identifiers – Google Advertising ID and Apple IDFA (“
Identifiers
”). Note that the Identifiers are considered “Personal Information” in many jurisdictions (such as the EEA, as well as under COPPA), thus, KIDOZ treats Identifiers as such and complies with applicable laws. With regards to our use of Identifiers and your ability to opt-out of such data collection, please see the table below (under Identifiers), as well the “mobile opt out” provision below.
You are not required by law to provide us with certain Personal Information. You can always refuse to provide certain Personal Information; however, you acknowledge that such refusal may prevent you from engaging in certain activities on the Website or Services.
In the event we combine Personal Information with Non-Personal Information, the combined information will be treated as Personal Information for as long as it remains combined.
The table below details the information we collect, why we collect it and how we use it:
Type of Information
How Do We Use It?
To use KID Mode App and related services, you as parent will be required to
create an Account
. During the registration flow you will be requested to provide us with a valid email address as well as choose your Account’s designated parent password.
We will use this information for the purpose of performing our contract with the parent, provide the requested Services, and designate the Account through which you will be able to access the dashboard and use the tools provided therein. We will also use the email address in order to send the parent needed information related to our Services and additional occasional promotional communications related to the Services, as well as verify your identity.
To create the child(ren)’s “
KID Profile
” you as parent will be requested to provide your child’s gender, first name and birth month and year.
We will use such information to personalize the child’s experience, including providing direct access to third-party apps and content that we find to be appropriate and relevant for the child, based on age and language.
If you
contact us
for support or other inquiries through any means of communication available in our Services you will be required to provide us with a valid email address and may provide us with your name.
We will use this information solely for the purpose of responding to your inquiries directly on a one-time basis and providing you with the support you have requested.
If you voluntarily
subscribe to our newsletter
you will be asked to provide us with a valid email address. You can unsubscribe at any time using the unsubscribe option within the body of the newsletter or by contacting customer support at
support@kidoz.net
We will use the email address in order to send the information related to our Services and to keep you up to date regarding new Products, related news, updates, etc.
Identifiers
We will use this information solely to determine the user’s country to provide applicable content and target advertising campaign.
Prior to the KID Mode App installation process, you will be requested to provide access permission to your device’s Camera, Storage, Phone Use, and Microphone Use.
Access is required to use certain features of the Services such as to enable the child to use the camera through the KID Mode App and to use Voice Search feature. We will NOT save nor collect any voice records or any photos stored on the device.  As part of our child-safe environment, we need to access Phone Use to block children’s use.
Prior to the KID Mode App installation process, you will be requested to provide permission to access the list of applications installed on your device.
We will use this information solely for the purpose of recommending you content you do not have already as well as to create a safer environment   for your child and display only child-appropriate apps and content.
Payment Details – the use of some features of our Service will require payment. These features currently include, but are not limited to, advanced parental control options (KIDOZ Pro), and KIDOZ coins, for use to purchase apps in the KIDOZ App Store.
We do not collect your payment details. We employ third-party payment processors and thus, your payment details will be subject to such third-party payment processors’ privacy practices.  Currently we use BlueSnap whose privacy policy is available at:
http://www.bluesnap.com/privacy-policy/
We also collect certain
technical Non-Personal Information
(as detailed below) that relates to your use of the Services, the amount of time you spent viewing certain portions of the Services, etc.
We use this technical Non-Personal Information for the purpose of: (i) our legitimate interests of operating, providing, maintaining, protecting, managing, customizing and improving our Apps and Services and the way in which we offer them; (ii) providing you with your child’s content usage information through the dashboard; (iii) enhancing the experience with the Services; (iv)  our legitimate interests of auditing and tracking usage statistics and traffic flow, and detecting fraud, security or technical issues in connection with the Services; (v) perform research, for analytical and statistical purposes, to improve our Services.
Should we need to collect additional Personal Information other than the Personal Information detailed above, we will send a parent an applicable request and obtain consent prior to collection, if required under applicable law.We may use data in an aggregated, non-specific format for analytical purposes. This information is anonymous and will not be linked to any Personal Information. We may share such statistical information with our partners, without restriction.
How We Collect Information
Depending on the nature of your interaction with the Services, KIDOZ may collect information as follows: (i) Automatically – KIDOZ collects information automatically transmitted from the device; (ii) Provided by you voluntarily – meaning, if and when you choose to provide us with information such as through a registration process, newsletter registration, contact us communications, etc.
COOKIES AND KIDOZ SOFTWARE DEVELOPER KIT
‍
We may integrate our KIDOZ Software Developer Kit (“SDK”) into the Apps to serve third-party child-appropriate advertisements. As detailed above, we do NOT use any Personal Information collected for profiling. For more information, please see
https://kidoz.net/website-and-kidoz-sdk-privacy-policy/
, which details the types of information collected by our SDK or when you use our Website.
In addition, our Website (through which you are able to access your parent Account and the dashboard) may include cookies that might include your IP address, such as:
Google Analytics:
The Google Analytics cookie is placed to track and analyze the use of our Services, for internal analytic purposes. To learn more about how Google uses data from our use of Google Analytics Cookies, we recommend that you review Google’s policies located at:
google.com/policies/privacy/partners
. We also encourage you to review Google Analytics currently available opt-outs for the web tool available at:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
and,
https://adssettings.google.com/
authenticated.
‍
Hubspot:
The Hubspot privacy policy can be found at:
https://legal.hubspot.com/privacy-policy
. We use Hubspot technology to provide and perform our direct marketing services.
‍
Mailchimp:
The Mailchimp privacy policy can be found at:
https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy
. We use Mailchimp technology to provide and perform our direct marketing services.
‍
MailMunch:
The MailMunch privacy policy can be found at:
https://legal.mailmunch.com/privacy
. We may use MailMunch plug-in technology to provide and perform our direct marketing services.
‍
DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION
‍
We
do not disclose, share, sell, rent or otherwise distribute any of your or your child’s Personal Information with or to any independent third parties
unless as specified herein:
Authorized Disclosures
– we may disclose Personal Information to third parties when you consent to a particular disclosure. Please note that once we share your information with another third party, that information becomes subject to the other third party’s privacy practices.
Business Transfers
– we may transfer our databases containing Personal Information if we sell our business or any part of it. In that event, our affiliated companies or acquiring company will assume the rights and obligations as described in this Privacy Policy.
Law Enforcement related disclosure
– we may be required to share information (including Personal Information) collected if the information is required by law to prevent, investigate, or take action regarding illegal activities, situations involving potential threats to physical safety, rights, property or of any person, suspected fraud and violations of our terms and agreements and in response to legal process, court orders, subpoenas, or to establish or exercise our legal rights.
Business Partners, Service Providers, Affiliates, and Subcontractors
– we may disclose information (including Personal Information) to our trusted affiliates, personnel, licensors, contractors, service providers, subcontractors and business partners who may use such information to help us provide you with the Services. For example, we will share the email addresses of users who have registered to our Newsletter, in order to provide them with direct marketing services. We authorize these third-party service providers to use Personal Information only for the purpose of providing the specific services.
Identifiers
– we may share Identifiers for the purpose of operating our business and providing the Services, meaning to serve the advertisements through our SDK, as well as to detect fraud, security or technical issues in connection with the Services.
DATA RETENTION
‍
We retain this collected information as long as it remains necessary for the purposes set forth above, all in accordance with applicable laws, or until individuals express a preference to opt-out or delete their Personal Information. We may, at our sole discretion, delete or amend information from our systems, without notice, once we deem it is no longer needed for such purposes.
HOW WE PROTECT INFORMATION
‍
KIDOZ is committed to protecting your and your child’s Personal Information. Thus, KIDOZ has implemented technical, physical and administrative security measures to protect the Personal Information submitted to and collected by us, both during transmission and once we receive it. In addition, KIDOZ limits access to the information on its servers, and it is password-protected as well as encrypted. The data collected by us is stored in the AWS data servers; for more information regarding the data security provided by AWS, please see:
https://aws.amazon.com/security/
. For additional information regarding KIDOZ’s security measures, please see:
https://kidoz.net/security/
. You should be aware, however, that there is no data that is transmitted over the Internet that can be guaranteed 100% secure in transmission or safe from theft or illegal capture.
YOUR RIGHTS, CHOICES AND CONTROL OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION:
Our users have a right to know what information we hold about them and their child and, in some cases, to have such information communicated to them. Our users may also ask for our confirmation as to whether or not we process their or their child’s Personal Information. Subject to the limitations in applicable law, users may also be entitled to obtain from us the Personal Information they have provided to us in a structured, commonly-used, and machine-readable format, and may have the right to transmit such Personal Information to another party. The principal rights under applicable data protection laws in relation to Personal Information are as follows:
the right to access any information which is provided by the user;
the right to rectification;
the right to erasure;
the right to restrict processing;
the right to object to processing;
the right to data portability;
the right to complain to a supervisory authority; and
the right to withdraw consent (to the extent applicable).
We provide our users with the ability to exercise certain choices and controls in connection with our treatment of their Personal Information, depending on their relationship with us. If you wish to exercise any or all of the above rights, please contact us by email at:
support@kidoz.net
, or contact our Data Protection Officer at:
dpo@kidoz.net
, and let us know that you wish to exercise your right of access and specify what Personal Information you would like to receive or delete (including if you wish to delete the Account). Where we are not able to provide you with the information you have requested, we will endeavor to explain the reasoning for this. We reserve the right to ask for reasonable evidence to verify your identity before we provide you with any such information in accordance with applicable law. In addition, the process of locating and deleting the data may take up to one (1) month in accordance with applicable law. Data privacy and related laws in your jurisdiction may provide you with different or additional rights related to the data we collect from you, which may also apply.
UNSUBSCRIBE FROM DIRECT MARKETING
You may revoke permission to receive promotional messages at any time by contacting customer support at
support@kidoz.net
or by following the unsubscribe link located at the bottom of each communication. Please note that even if you unsubscribe, we reserve the right to send you service-related communications, announcements and administrative messages.
OPT-OUT
‍
You may easily opt out of certain automatic data collection, sharing processes and targeted advertising services related to our Service. Please note that even if you opt-out, you will still receive content and advertising. Opting-out simply means that the advertisements you do receive may not be contextual.
MOBILE OPT-OUT:
‍
You may limit the disclosure of certain information collected from your mobile device by adjusting the settings on your mobile device. You should review your device settings and instructions. Notwithstanding, we provide the following instructions solely for informational purposes (as they might be revised by the device supplier): For iOS mobile devices, go to “Settings” from your device’s home screen; scroll down to “Privacy”; select “Advertising”; and turn on “Limit Ad Tracking.” For Android mobile devices, go to “Google Settings” on your device; select “Ads”; and check the box labeled “Opt Out of Interest-Based Ads.” Please read your device-specific information to learn how to opt-out:
ANDROID
iOS
WEBSITE OPT-OUT:
‍
You may control how your browser responds to cookies by adjusting the privacy and security settings of your web browser.
Please refer to the support page of the browser you are using. In this regard, following are some links that you may find useful:
Google Chrome
FireFox
Internet Explorer
Safari
Edge
Opera
INDUSTRY STANDARDS
‍
You may opt out of certain advertisers’ cookies and browser-enabled, interest-based advertising at the Network Advertising Initiative’s (“NAI”) website –
NAI consumer opt-out
and the Digital Advertising Alliance’s (“DAA”) website –
DAA opt-out page
.
Note that once you opt out, part of the Services provided by us might no longer be available and some features may not work if you revoke the data transfer.
THIRD-PARTY SITES AND SERVICES
‍
This Privacy Policy applies solely to the information collected by KIDOZ through the Services and does not apply to any other websites, applications or services. Portions of the Services (including, without limitation, advertisements) may involve linking to or using Third-Party Services such as various icons, shortcuts, applications or other means of access. Though we make best efforts to review such Services and ensure their suitability for children, we have no control over Third-Party Services and all use of such services is at your own risk. We cannot accept responsibility for the privacy practices of any such Third-Party Services and we are not responsible for content made available by them. KIDOZ does not endorse any Third-Party Services and we urge you to exercise caution in using them and to review their privacy practices. Kidoz is using the YouTube Data API service in order to allow a filtered and safe use of YouTube’s content. By using the Kidoz OS solution you acknowledge and accept the
YouTube API terms of service
. Please also refer to
Google’s Privacy Policy
.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
‍
‍This policy may change from time to time and we will post the amended terms and notify you by email in the event of substantial changes. Amended terms will take effect immediately for new users, and 10 days after they are posted for existing users. You should review the Privacy Policy periodically to remain informed of any changes. You agree to accept posting of a revised Privacy Policy as actual notice to you. Your continued use of the Services following any changes to this Privacy Policy have been posted as of the “Last Updated” date above (or, if applicable, notified) signifies your acceptance of those changes. If you do not agree to the revised Privacy Policy, please refrain from using our Services and contact us by sending an email to:
support@kidoz.net
Comments and Questions
‍
If you have any comments or questions about our Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
KIDOZ Ltd.
12 Haomanut Street,
Poleg Industrial Park
PO BOX 8517
Netanya, Israel
+972-9-779-6366
You can also contact us via email at:
support@kidoz.net
.
DATA PROTECTION OFFICER
If you have any requests regarding the data collected under this Privacy Policy, including without limitation, requests to remove, delete, amend, modify or transfer the data, please contact our Data Protection Officer at:
dpo@kidoz.net
.Please be sure to include your information in any correspondence to us so that we can respond to your inquiry in a timely manner.
INFORMATION SECURITY POLICY
Kidoz Ltd. (“
Company”
, “
we
” or “
us
”) takes information security seriously and has created this security overview and policy (“
Security Policy
”) to disclose our practices in safeguarding Personal Data processed through our services (“
Service(s)
”). We have implemented the below technical and organizational measures to protect the Personal Data, processed by us, against loss, unlawful acts and destruction, alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access, etc.
‍
As part of our GDPR compliance process we have prepared this Security Policy to provide you with a summary of the security measures and policies it obtains, further, we require our partners and employees to comply with these standards and implement the same security measures when working with us.
THIS SECURITY POLICY OUTLINES THE COMPANY’S CURRENT SECURITY PRACTICES AS OF THE “LAST UPDATED” DATE INDICATED ABOVE. WE WILL KEEP UPDATING THIS POLICY FROM TIME TO TIME, AS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAWS AND OUR INTERNAL POLICIES.
SYSTEM ACCESS CONTROL
Access to corporate systems is restricted and is based on procedures to ensure appropriate approvals are provided solely if needed. In addition, remote access and wireless computing capabilities are restricted and require that both user and system safeguards. The systems are also protected and solely authorized employees may access the systems by using a designated password and user name protections.
PHYSICAL ACCESS CONTROL
The Company secures any physical access to its offices and server centers. The Company secures access to its offices and ensures that solely authorized persons have access such as employees and visitors. The offices are protected by an alarm system and the servers are located in a protected facilities in which the physical access is controlled by professional security staff. We work with Amazon, as its main storage processor, therefore if you need more information we recommend to review Amazon Security policy as well available
here
When the Personal Data is transferred to the applicable servers it is always done in a secure and encrypted manner. Further, the Company has entered in to applicable and binding processing agreements with each service provider.
DATA ACCESS CONTROL
‍
The access to the Personal Data is restricted to solely the employees that “need to know” and is protected by passwords and user names. Access to the Personal Data is secured and is highly managed by access control policies. The Company uses high level security measures to ensure that the Personal Data will not be accessed, modified, copied, used, transferred or deleted without specific authorization. The Company audits any and all access to the database and any authorized access is immediately reported and handled. Each employee is able to perform actions solely according to the permissions determined by the Company. Each access is logged and monitored, and any unauthorized access is automatically reported. Further, the Company has ongoing review of which employees’ have authorizations, to assess whether access is still required. Company revokes access immediately upon termination of employment. Authorized individuals can solely access Personal Data that is established in their individual profiles.
TRANSFER CONTROL
‍
The goal of transfer control is to ensure that Personal Data cannot be read, copied, modified or removed by unauthorized parties during the electronic transmission of these data or during their transport or storage in the applicable data center. Thus, any access to the Personal Data from beyond the Company network is solely possible by means of a secured VPN access. Further, any and all transfers of the data (either between the servers, from client side to server side and between Company’s designated partners) is secured (HTTPS) and encrypted.
DATA RETENTION
Personal Data and raw data are all deleted as soon as possible or legally applicable.
JOB CONTROL
Employees, partners and applicable processors are all signed on binding agreements all of which include applicable data provisions and data security obligations. As part of the employment process, employees undergo a screening and are provided with access to the database solely upon training to ensure he or she are well educated and responsible to handle the Personal Data. Employees are bound to comply with this Security Policy in addition to internal security policies and procedures and breaking or not complying with such shall result in disciplinary actions. To ensure the employees stay educated and up to date with applicable policies and legislation the Company hold annual compliance training which include data security education.
AVAILABILITY CONTROL
The Company’s servers include an automated backup procedure. The Company has a backup concept which includes automated daily backups. Periodical checks are preformed to determine that the backup have occurred.
TERMS OF SERVICE – KIDOZ USER AND PUBLISHER AGREEMENT
PARTICIPATION IN THE KIDOZ ONLINE SERVICES AND/OR ACCESS OF THE KIDOZ TECHNOLOGY INDICATES THAT YOU ACCEPT THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS (THE “KIDOZ USER AND PUBLISHER AGREEMENT” OR “AGREEMENT”). IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL OF THE TERMS IN THIS AGREEMENT AND ALL TERMS, POLICIES AND GUIDELINES INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, KIDOZ PRIVACY POLICY, YOU MAY NOT ACCESS OR OTHERWISE PARTICIPATE IN THE KIDOZ ONLINE SERVICES OR THE KIDOZ TECHNOLOGY.
“KIDOZ User” means any entity who accesses a Publisher Account and/or Publisher Prepared Media and/or Publisher Online Services Data and/or Kidoz Technology and/or Online Services (all as defined below), which will also be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement. The Online Services are available only to individuals who are at least 18 years old and to companies that are appropriately licensed and otherwise legally permitted to conduct business. You represent and warrant that (a), if you are an individual, you are at least 18 years old, and (b) if you are a company or other type of organization that you are appropriately licensed and legally permitted to conduct business.
“Publisher” means any entity identified in a KIDOZ enrolment form submitted by the same or affiliated persons, and/or any agency, network or other third party that has access to a Publisher Account and/or Publisher Prepared Media and/or Publisher Online Services Data (all as defined below), which will also be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement. The Online Services are available only to individuals who are at least 18 years old and to companies that are appropriately licensed and otherwise legally permitted to conduct business. You represent and warrant that (a), if you are an individual, you are at least 18 years old, and (b) if you are a company or other type of organization that you are appropriately licensed and legally permitted to conduct business.
This Agreement constitutes the entire and only agreement between KIDOZ User and/or Publisher and KIDOZ, Inc. (“KIDOZ”), and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous agreements, representations, warranties and understandings with respect to the content, products or services provided by KIDOZ (“KIDOZ Technology”), and the subject matter of this Agreement. This Agreement may be amended at any time by KIDOZ without specific notice to you. The latest agreement will be posted on
www.kidoz.net
(the “Site”), and you should review this Agreement prior to using the Site or the Online Services.
KIDOZ and KIDOZ User and Publisher will be hereinafter individually referred to as a “Party” and jointly referred to as the “Parties”. Publisher is a type of KIDOZ User and will be included in any use of the term KIDOZ User.
1. Definitions
Ad –
means a public digital communication that promotes a product, service, brand or event, or other communication designed to inform or influence an End User.
Ad Inventory –
means the total amount of space a Publisher has available for advertisements at a given time.
Ad Space –
means the area of an App, CTV Content, or Website that is dedicated to the display of Ads.
Advertiser –
means a company, organization, or individual that pays or otherwise contracts for Ads to be presented to an End User.
App –
means a software application developed or published by Publisher which may contain Ad Space.
CTV Content –
means content designed for display on a device connected to or embedded in a television to support video content streaming which may contain Ad Space.
End User –
means a person or entity utilizing an App.
KIDOZ –
means KIDOZ Inc. and any of its affiliates, assignees, and successors.
KIDOZ SDK –
means the software development kit provided by KIDOZ to Publisher or KIDOZ User pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, as may be updated by KIDOZ from time to time in its sole discretion.
KIDOZ Technology –
means all code, content, data, routines, algorithms, methods, ideas, designs, user interface techniques, trade practices, media, apps, websites, protocols, software, materials, and documentation owned or licensed by KIDOZ including without limitation the Online Services, and the KIDOZ SDK.
KIDOZ User–
holds the meaning as defined in the preamble.
Net Revenue –
means all revenues payable by Advertiser to KIDOZ for the placement of Ads within the advertising spaces on Publisher App(s) through KIDOZ Online Services.
Online Services –
means the set of services provided by KIDOZ which facilitate End Users ability to receive Online Services Ads in Publisher Prepared Media via the sale of Ad Spaces.
Online Services Ads –
means any Ads handled by the Online Services for display in the Publisher Prepared Media.
Online Services Data –
means any data handled, managed, or transmitted by and between the Online Services and the Publisher Prepared Media.
Online Services Interface –
means the protocols, APIs and user interface by which KIDOZ User and/or Publisher and/or Publisher Prepared Media can connect to and interact with the Online Services.
Publisher –
holds the meaning as defined in the preamble.
Publisher Dashboard -
means the section of the Online Services Interface where KIDOZ provides Publisher access to curated Online Services Data displaying performance of the Ads served on Publisher Prepared Media.
Publisher Prepared Media –
means any App, CTV Content, or Website that either includes the KIDOZ SDK, utilizes tags provided by KIDOZ, or connects to the Online Services via OpenRTB or other communication protocol.
Site –
means the KIDOZ website at
www.kidoz.ne
t.
Website –
means a collection of publicly accessible, interlinked Web pages that share a single domain name which may contain Ad Space.
2. Description of Online Services.
KIDOZ will serve Ads provided by Advertisers, for display in Publisher Prepared Media, via the Online Services based upon the criteria selected by Publisher via the Online Services Interface. The Online Services Interface may be updated by KIDOZ from time to time without notice to you. KIDOZ will use commercially reasonable efforts to maximize the sale of Ad Space within Publisher Prepared Media to Advertisers pursuant to the specifications set forth as per the integration.
3. Implementation of Online Services.
‍
KIDOZ User and/or Publisher will implement the Online Services in a manner that complies with the technical and implementation requirements provided on the Site or in writing by KIDOZ to KIDOZ User  and/or Publisher, including those instructions contained in the documentation regarding the Online Services Interface. Without limiting the foregoing, KIDOZ User and/or Publisher acknowledges and agrees to the following:
3.1. No Obligation.
KIDOZ will have no obligation to process a request for Online Services Ads that are not sent in compliance with the requirements of this Agreement. If KIDOZ is notified by KIDOZ User and/or Publisher or otherwise becomes aware and determines in its sole discretion that and item or portion of the Online Services Ads and/or Online Services Data and/or Publisher Prepared Media and/or Publisher trade names, trademarks, service marks, logos, domain names, and other distinctive brand features (“Publisher Marks”): (i) violates the intellectual property rights or any other rights of any third party; (ii) violates any applicable law or is subject to an injunction; (iii) is pornographic, obscene or otherwise violates this Agreement; (iv) is being distributed by KIDOZ User and/or Publisher improperly; or (v) may create liability for KIDOZ, KIDOZ may reject, remove, withdraw from, not display or cease displaying that Online Services Ad and/or Online Services Data from the Online Services entirely with no liability to KIDOZ. KIDOZ User and/or Publisher has and will continue to abide by an appropriate privacy policy and will comply with all applicable laws relating to the collection and use of information from End Users of Publisher Prepared Media. Publisher must post a privacy policy in each item of Publisher Prepared Media and such policy, where applicable, must provide notice of Publisher’s use of a cookie or other mechanism for a third party to collect end user traffic diagnostics.
3.2. Prohibited Actions.
KIDOZ User and/or Publisher will not, and will not allow any third party to: (a) directly or indirectly access, launch and/or activate the KIDOZ Technology through or from, or otherwise incorporate the KIDOZ Technology in, any software application, website or other means other than the Publisher Prepared Media, and then only to the extent expressly permitted herein; (b) transfer, sell, lease, syndicate, sub-syndicate, lend, or use for co- branding, timesharing, service bureau or other unauthorized purposes the KIDOZ Technology or access thereto (including, but not limited to ads, including without limitation Online Services Ads and Online Services Data, or any part, copy or derivative thereof); (c) directly or indirectly generate queries, or impressions of or clicks on ads, including without limitation Online Services Ads, through any automated, deceptive, fraudulent or other invalid means (including, but not limited to, click spam, robots, macro Online Services, and Internet agents); (d) encourage or require End Users or any other persons, either with or without their knowledge, to click on ads, including without limitation Online Services Ads, through offering incentives or any other methods that are manipulative, deceptive, malicious or fraudulent; (e) modify, adapt, translate, prepare derivative works from, decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble or otherwise attempt to derive source code from the KIDOZ Technology; (f) remove, deface, obscure, or alter KIDOZ copyright notice, trademarks or other proprietary rights notices affixed to or provided as a part of the KIDOZ Technology; (g) create or attempt to create a substitute or similar service or product through use of or access to any of the KIDOZ Technology or proprietary information related thereto; or (h) utilize any feature or functionality of the KIDOZ Technology, or include anything in Online Services Data or Online Services Ads, that could be so utilized to personally identify and/or personally track individual end users or any other persons.
3.3. Online Services.
Online Services are to be used only for serving Ads to Publisher Prepared Media. KIDOZ User and/or Publisher may not use the Online Services with Publisher Prepared Media that: (i) promotes or depicts illegal activity or violence; (ii) advocates against a particular group; (iii) infringes a third party’s rights; (iv) introduces viruses, spyware, and malware; (v) contains sexually explicit content; (vi) depicts illicit drugs and drug paraphernalia; (vii) promotes online casinos and gambling; (viii) promotes weapons or ammunition; (ix) promotes hard alcohol; (x) could harm minors in any way; or (xi) contains any content that is illegal, promotes illegal activity, or provides information that is misleading, inaccurate, or infringes on the legal rights of others.
3.4 Advertiser Content.
KIDOZ shall cause that Advertisers warrant to KIDOZ that (i) all creative materials provided to KIDOZ and included within Ads are either original to Advertisers or Advertisers have all necessary rights for using Ads for the purposes described herein; (ii) Advertisers have the power and authority to display Ads in Ads Inventory; (iii)  Ads shall not contain any of the following content, at KIDOZ sole discretion: indecent, obscene or pornographic material, hate speech, highly controversial content, drugs, cigarettes and content associated with smoking, content that promotes violence, content that violates any applicable law, regulation or third Parties, and content that disparages, ridicules, derogates, harasses, threatens, defames, or libels any third Party or any product or service provided by a third Party; (iv) the Ads shall not contain or proliferate taxes, spyware, adware or malicious code and shall not otherwise overburden, disrupt, damage, or impair the mobile content and games provided by Publishers via KIDOZ and to third Parties; and (v) the Ads are legal to distribute, do not and shall not infringe on any third-party intellectual property right (including, without limitation, trademarks, patents, copyrights, rights of publicity, moral rights, or any other third-party right) and do not otherwise violate any applicable law or regulation, including any criminal law. Notwithstanding the foregoing, alcohol advertising is subject to prohibition or restriction with respect to the laws or regulations of certain countries, and Advertisers represent and warrant that they shall not target people under the legal drinking age according to such laws or regulations in their Ads.
4. Online Services Term.
This Agreement will be effective for a KIDOZ User as of the date KIDOZ User accesses Kidoz Online Services and/or Kidoz Technology and will be effective for a Publisher as of the date KIDOZ activates Publisher’s Online Services account and will continue until terminated, as provided in this Agreement (the “Online Services Term”). Publisher may terminate this Agreement, with or without cause, at any time by sending written notice to
info@kidoz.net
of Publisher’s desire to cancel Publisher’s participation in the Online Services. This Agreement will be deemed terminated within ten (10) business days of KIDOZ receipt of your notice.
If Publisher violates this Agreement, KIDOZ may in its sole discretion and without prior notice, immediately suspend the participation of any or all of Publisher Prepared Media in all or part of the Online Services.
KIDOZ may terminate this Agreement and terminate the participation of Publisher Prepared Media in all or part of the Online Services, with or without cause, upon thirty (30) days’ prior notice.
5. Data and Reporting Measures.
KIDOZ shall grant Publisher exclusive access to your Publisher Dashboard, which contains the following data:
Impressions
Clicks
CTR
eCPM
Revenues
KIDOZ may, but is not obligated to, display other data beyond the above, and for periods longer than 6 months back.
‍
KIDOZ books and records shall constitute final evidence regarding downloads and impressions of the Online Services counted by KIDOZ for the purpose of calculating the consideration due to Publisher hereunder.
‍
6. Account and Dashboard.
The account opened for Publisher by KIDOZ:
Is for Publisher use only.
Cannot be transferred.
Will be used occasionally to provide Publisher with news, updates of terms and policies and general communication between Publisher and KIDOZ.
Keeping Publisher account credentials private is the sole responsibility of Publisher. From time to time, KIDOZ may require Publisher consent to new terms. Complying and approving those terms may be a condition for continued use of the Online Services. Failing to approve mandatory changes/updates may result in suspension of Online Services and/or termination of the agreement.
7. Licenses.
KIDOZ grants KIDOZ User and/or Publisher a worldwide, revocable, non-transferable, non-exclusive and non-sub licensable license during the Online Services Term to (a) integrate the KIDOZ SDK with Publisher’s Apps solely for internal use; (b) use, reproduce and distribute certain portions of the KIDOZ SDK as required by Publisher for the sole purpose of distribution of Publisher’s Apps and solely as enabled by and in accordance with the documentation provided by KIDOZ; (c) use the Online Services Interface solely for the purpose of transmitting Online Services requests and other required information and receiving Publisher Dashboard reporting data solely to the extent permitted hereunder. Except to the limited extent expressly provided in this Agreement, KIDOZ does not grant, and KIDOZ User and/or Publisher will not acquire any right, title or interest (including, without limitation, any implied license) in or to any KIDOZ intellectual property rights; and all rights not expressly granted herein are reserved to KIDOZ.
‍
Publisher grants to KIDOZ the limited, revocable, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable right during the Term (as defined above) to: (i) sell (and have sold) Ad Spaces in Publisher Prepared Media; (ii) promote, market and report such Publisher Prepared Media to actual and prospective Advertisers; and (iii) display, or facilitate the display of Ads in the Publisher Prepared Media in response to ad request calls.
8. Fee and Payment.
In consideration of the sale of Ad Space from Publisher Prepared Media to Advertisers, KIDOZ shall be entitled to deduct a fee on the Net Revenues equal to the amount as agreed by Parties by this Agreement (the “Fee”).
Based on the report available to Publisher in the Publisher Dashboard within three (3) calendar days following the end of the month, KIDOZ shall pay to Publisher an amount equal to the Net Revenues generated during the previous month less the Fee (“the Revenue”). If there is a discrepancy of more than eight percent (8%) between Publisher’s impression counts and KIDOZ impression counts for a given month, the Parties will work together in good faith to resolve such discrepancy. If the discrepancy cannot be resolved within thirty (30) calendar days, the Parties shall share the amount of such discrepancy and both Publisher and KIDOZ may each immediately terminate this Agreement. Such payment shall occur no later than thirty (30) calendar days following the end of the month. The report made available to Publisher by KIDOZ shall indicate, at the minimum, the Net Revenues generated per country and the Revenue during the precedent month.
Payment will be made in US dollars. The Parties agree that KIDOZ obligation to pay the revenues referred to herein shall not be subject to KIDOZ receipt of funds from the applicable advertisers. In the event an advertiser does not pay KIDOZ, KIDOZ shall undertake all necessary actions to obtain payment from advertisers. Late payments will be subject to late fees at the rate of 3% per month, or if lower, the maximum rate allowed by law. KIDOZ may hold any payment until the cumulative amount owed to Publisher totals at least $100.
KIDOZ is responsible for paying all applicable sales, use or other taxes or duties, tariffs applicable to the provision and use of the Online Service except for taxes on Publisher’s net income. In the event that KIDOZ is obliged to withhold any tax from the payments arising out of this Agreement, KIDOZ shall provide prompt notice to Publisher of such fact in writing and provide Publisher with a treaty residency or any other document requested by Publisher to allow it to obtain a credit in respect of the amounts withheld.
9. Data Use.
KIDOZ may retain and use data and other information, subject to the stipulations of its Privacy Policy, and where applicable, any Data Processing Agreement entered into between the Parties, setting forth the Parties’ responsibilities and obligations regarding the Processing of Personal Data, and forming integral part of this Agreement.
10.  Confidentiality; Publicity.
Each party agrees not to disclose the other party’s Confidential Information without the other party’s prior written consent. “Confidential Information” includes without limitation: (a) all software, technology, programming, specifications, materials, guidelines and documentation relating to the KIDOZ Technology, including without limitation the Online Services, and including the existence and content of this Agreement and any information provided pursuant to the Agreement; (b) any statistics relating to the performance of the Online Services; (c) any other information designated in writing by either party as “Confidential” or an equivalent designation; and (d) information disclosed under circumstances that a reasonable person should know such information is confidential/proprietary. Confidential Information does not include information that has become publicly known through no breach by the receiving party, or information that has been (i) independently developed without access to the disclosing party’s Confidential Information as evidenced in writing; (ii) rightfully received by the receiving party from a third party; or (iii) required to be disclosed by law or by a governmental authority. Neither party will use the other party’s name and logo in any news release, public announcement, advertisement, or other form of publicity without the prior written consent of the other party (which includes email), except that either party may use the other party’s name and logo on such party’s website and in publicity that announces the parties are working together.
11.  Advertisements and Content Availability.
KIDOZ has the sole discretion in deciding what content and Ads are sent to be displayed in Publisher Prepared Content. Publisher may, when terms allow and capabilities are available, customize Publisher Prepared Content and advertisement preferences through Publisher account. KIDOZ cannot guarantee the availability of content and Ads regardless of whether Publisher has customized preferences or not and shall not be liable or responsible in those cases.
Publisher understands and accepts that when no advertisements are available, KIDOZ shall do its best to produce other content recommendations, including items that do not provide monetization.
12. Disclaimer.
KIDOZ does not represent or warrant that KIDOZ Technology is reliable, accurate, complete, or otherwise free from defects. Accordingly, the KIDOZ Technology is made available for use “as is”, and any use thereof will be undertaken solely at KIDOZ User and/or Publishers own risk. KIDOZ reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to include or cease providing the KIDOZ Technology at any time (subject to notice as may be required herein), and KIDOZ does not give or enter into any conditions, warranties or other terms with regard to the KIDOZ Technology. In particular, no condition, warranty or other term is given or entered into to the effect that the KIDOZ Technology will be of satisfactory quality, no infringement, or that the KIDOZ Technology will be fit for any particular purpose.
13. Limitation of Liability.
NEITHER PARTY WILL BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER OR ANY THIRD-PARTY CLAIMANT FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, CONSEQUENTIAL (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOST PROFITS OR LOST DATA COLLECTED THROUGH THE ONLINE SERVICES), OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, WHETHER BASED ON A CLAIM OR ACTION OF CONTRACT, WARRANTY, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, OR OTHER TORT, BREACH OF ANY STATUTORY DUTY, INDEMNITY OR CONTRIBUTION, OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE LIMITATIONS OR EXCLUSIONS IN THIS AND THE FOREGOING PARAGRAPH MAY NOT APPLY. In any event, KIDOZ total cumulative liability to KIDOZ User and/or Publisher for any loss or damages resulting from any claims, demands, or actions arising out of or relating to this Agreement will not exceed the net amount paid by Publisher to KIDOZ in the six-month period immediately preceding the date of the claim.
14. Representations and Warranties.
KIDOZ User and/or Publisher represents and warrants that they: (i) have and will maintain throughout the Online Services Term all end user consents and all rights, authorizations and licenses (including without limitation any copyright, trademark, patent, publicity or other rights) that are required with respect to Online Services Ads or Online Services Data to permit KIDOZ to perform the services contemplated under this Agreement (including without limitation any rights needed to host, cache, route, transmit, store, copy, modify, distribute, perform, display, reformat, excerpt, analyze, and create algorithms from and derivative works of Online Services Ads or Online Services Data); (ii) will not advertise anything illegal or engage in any illegal or fraudulent business practice; (iii) confirm all of the information provided by Publisher to KIDOZ to enroll in the Online Services is correct and current; (iv) have all necessary right, power, and authority to enter into this Agreement and to perform the acts required of KIDOZ User and/or Publisher hereunder; and (v) have complied and will continue to comply with all applicable laws, statutes, ordinances, and regulations (including without limitation any relevant data protection or privacy laws) in performance of any acts hereunder. KIDOZ represents and warrants that: (i) it has the power and authority to grant the rights and perform the obligations to which it commits herein; (ii) KIDOZ SDK, which includes the SDK, any tags provided by KIDOZ, and the API (a) do not infringe any intellectual property rights, including but not limited to any patent, trademark, service mark, design, copyright (whatever the status of the foregoing elements, i.e. whether pending or registered), trade name, trade secret or any other right of any third party, and that KIDOZ shall hold Publisher harmless and free from any claim, demand or suit of actual infringement related thereto, and (b) does not distribute viruses or other malware; and that (iii) its Online Services Interface will not knowingly violate the intellectual property rights of any third party.
15. Indemnification.
KIDOZ User and/or Publisher agrees to defend, hold harmless and indemnify KIDOZ and its affiliated companies, and each of their officers, directors, employees, agents, licensees (collectively, the “KIDOZ Indemnitees”) from and against any and all liabilities, losses, damages, costs and expenses (including reasonable legal fees and expenses) relating to or arising out of or from (a) KIDOZ User and/or Publisher’s use or inability to use the Online Services; (b) KIDOZ User and/or Publisher’s violation of any terms of this Agreement; or (c) KIDOZ User and/or Publisher’s violation of any applicable laws, rules or regulations.
KIDOZ agrees to defend, hold harmless and indemnify Publisher and its affiliated companies, and each of their officers, directors, employees, agents, licensees (collectively, the “Publisher Indemnitees”) from and against any and all liabilities, losses, damages, costs and expenses (including reasonable legal fees and expenses) relating to or arising out of or from: (a) any third party claim arising out of or relating to any allegation that would constitute KIDOZ breach of one of its obligations and/or warranties of this Agreement and (b) any allegation that an Ad served by the Online Services on the Publisher Prepared Media infringes or violates the rights of any third party, is defamatory, libelous, obscene, deceptive or violates any applicable law; (c) KIDOZ violation of any terms of this Agreement; (d) KIDOZ violation of any applicable laws, rules or regulations.
‍
The indemnified Party will provide the indemnitor with prompt notice of any claim (provided that the failure to promptly notify shall only relieve indemnitor of its obligation to the extent it can demonstrate material prejudice from such failure) and at the indemnitor’s expense, provide assistance reasonably necessary to defend such claim.  The indemnitor will not enter into a settlement that would result in liability to the indemnified Party without the indemnified Party’s prior written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.
16. Compliance with COPPA for Publishers.
Although KIDOZ invests great effort in certifying its Online Services as COPPA compliant and will do its best to update all partners in case of a change in this status, it is Publisher’s sole responsibility to ensure that Publisher Prepared Media are COPPA compliant prior to and post integration with the Online Services, if you wish to maintain COPPA compliance.
‍
Integration with our Online Services does not make your App COPPA compliant.
17. Accepted Applications.
KIDOZ reserves the exclusive right to deny KIDOZ User and/or Publisher or any Publisher Prepared Media from using or appearing on KIDOZ service, and to remove KIDOZ User and/or Publisher and any Publisher Prepared Media from KIDOZ network and to delete Publisher’s account without providing any cause, if deemed as inappropriate or in violation of any parts of this agreement upon written notice to Publisher.
18. Transmitted Information.
Any information sent from KIDOZ Technology, including Online Services, or KIDOZ to KIDOZ User and/or Publisher, such as Google Advertiser ID, personal user information or other, shall remain at KIDOZ User and/or Publisher’s sole discretion and may not be shared with third parties unless used for the sole purpose of Analytics and cannot be accessed by the third party.
19.  Additional Compliance.
Our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy do not apply between Publisher and Publisher’s End Users. It is Publisher’s responsibility to decide how to update Publisher’s End Users with any changes in your Publisher Prepared Media, resulting from the integration of KIDOZ SDK or connection to the Online Services.
‍
It is Publisher’s sole responsibility to comply with other programs, institutions, legal bodies or companies’ policies and terms, including but not limited to Google developers’ terms, publisher terms, Family program, YouTube terms and others.
20. Usage of the Online Services.
KIDOZ User and/or Publisher is obligated to use the Online Services as instructed in the appropriate sources.
‍
KIDOZ User and/or Publisher must provide End Users with sufficient value in Publisher Prepared Media beyond the content our Online Services provide.
‍
KIDOZ User and/or Publishers cannot display an overlay on the Online Services tools, content and creatives.
‍
KIDOZ User and/or Publishers cannot change, modify, edit, add, or remove any of the Online Services tools, content and creative.
21. Force Majeure.
21.1. “Force Majeure” means the occurrence of an event or circumstance that either prevents, impedes, delays or adversely affects a party from performing one or more of its contractual obligations under the Agreement (each of them, “impediment”), if and to the extent that that party proves: [a] that such impediment is beyond its reasonable control; and [b] that it could not reasonably have been foreseen at the time of the conclusion of the Agreement; and [c] that the effects of the impediment could not reasonably have been avoided or overcome by the affected party.
‍
21.2. The following events affecting a party shall be presumed to be impediments: (i) plague, epidemic, disease, natural disaster or extreme natural event; (ii) measures of any governmental authority whether lawful or unlawful, compliance with any law or governmental order, expropriation, seizure of works, requisition (iii) war, riots insurrection, act of terrorism, sabotage, piracy or the likes, currency and trade restriction, embargo (iv) explosion, fire, destruction of equipment, black-out, prolonged break-down of transport or delivery system, telecommunication, information system or energy.
‍
21.3. A party successfully invoking this Clause is relieved from its duty to perform its obligations under the Agreement and from any liability in damages or from any other contractual remedy for breach of the Agreement, from the time at which the impediment causes impediment, provided that a reasonable notice thereof with good faith estimation of the impact and duration of force majeure is given without delay. Such notice shall also clarify the circumstances and the ongoing actions to minimize the losses and solve the problem.
‍
21.4. Where the effect of the impediment or event invoked is temporary, the above consequences shall apply only as long as the impediment caused by force majeure exists. Unless otherwise agreed, the Agreement may be terminated by either party by means of a simple written notice if the duration of the impediment exceeds ninety (90) days.
22. Miscellaneous.
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of British Columbia, Canada without regard to the conflicts of laws and provisions thereof. Any claims, legal proceeding or litigation arising in connection with this Agreement will be brought solely in British Columbia, Canada, and you consent to the jurisdiction of such courts. Neither party’s waiver of any default is a waiver of any subsequent default. Unenforceable provisions will be modified to reflect the party’s intention, and remaining provisions of the Agreement will remain in full effect. Parties may not assign any of their respective rights hereunder without the other Party’s written acceptance, and any such attempt is void (except to successors in the event of merger, acquisition or sale of all or substantially all of each Party’s assets). KIDOZ User and/or Publisher and KIDOZ are not legal partners or agents but are independent contractors. Notwithstanding termination of this Agreement, the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement that by their sense and context are intended to survive the performance hereof by the parties hereunder, shall survive and continue in effect.
23. Singular and Plural Terms.
Where the context of this Agreement requires, singular terms shall be considered plural, and plural terms shall be considered singular.
24. Contact.
If you have questions or wish to send us comments about these terms, please send an email with your questions or comments to:
support@kidoz.net
.
‍
Please be assured that any personal information that you provide in communications to the above address will not be used to send you promotional materials, unless you so request.
GDPR OVERVIEW
Following the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), which took effect on May 25, 2018, Kidoz Ltd. (“Kidoz” or “Company”) took all steps necessary and has been certified as GDPR compliant.
Data Processing
‍
Company only processes personal data to the extent necessary to provide the Kidoz services and in accordance with applicable privacy laws including the GDPR.  Company has ensured there is an applicable lawful basis for any and all processing of EEA users’ Personal Data and the lawful basis is documented. Further, Kidoz, in its role as our partners’ processor has ensured applicable Data Processing Agreements were signed and that Kidoz implemented appropriate security measures (as detailed below) to protect the data processed by it.
Education
‍
Company has trained its personnel and employees to educate them with regards to the GDPR, Company’s data practices and the importance of security.
Technological Organizational and Security Standards
‍
Company has completed an in-depth audit the process of mapping out all of its data sets and its technical and organizational security measures, all as stipulated in our security policy- for more information please see our
Information Security Policy
. Our tech and security teams are currently hard at work making necessary changes to the facilities.
Legal Documentation
‍
Company has ensured all documents, including without limitations, agreements, privacy policies online terms, etc. are compliant with the GDPR. Our Legal team is busy ensuring our legal documentation is updated to reflect any changes and to include the mandatory Processor provisions required by Article 28 of the GDPR.
Data Protection Officer
‍
Company has appointed a DPO in order to ensure ongoing compliance with the GDPR which can be contacted at:
dpo@kidoz.net
.
User Rights
In accordance with GDPR, data subjects may exercise the right to access, rectification, restrict processing, erasure, data portability, the right to complain to a supervisory authority and the right to not be subject to automated processing. In order to exercise any of the above rights we have appointed a DPO which you may contact at:
dpo@kidoz.net
and have internal process of ensuring that end users are able to manage their communication preferences in a way that puts control in the data subject’s hands.
Transparency to Regulators
‍
Company maintains accurate and accessible written records to the extent legally required to provide authorities, all in a timely manner.
Incident Responsiveness
Company has implemented a process, in the event of a data breach and will provide the data controllers, the regulators and the end users with an immediacy of notification to the extent required under applicable law.
DISCLAIMER: THIS WEBSITE IS NEITHER A MAGNUM OPUS ON EU DATA PRIVACY NOR LEGAL ADVICE FOR YOUR COMPANY TO USE IN COMPLYING WITH EU DATA PRIVACY LAWS LIKE THE GDPR. INSTEAD, IT PROVIDES BACKGROUND INFORMATION TO HELP YOU BETTER UNDERSTAND HOW WE, AT KIDOZ, HAVE ADDRESSED SOME IMPORTANT LEGAL POINTS. THIS LEGAL INFORMATION IS NOT THE SAME AS LEGAL ADVICE, WHERE AN ATTORNEY APPLIES THE LAW TO YOUR SPECIFIC CIRCUMSTANCES, SO WE INSIST THAT YOU CONSULT AN ATTORNEY IF YOU’D LIKE ADVICE ON YOUR INTERPRETATION OF THIS INFORMATION OR ITS ACCURACY. YOU MAY NOT RELY ON THIS PAPER AS LEGAL ADVICE, NOR AS A RECOMMENDATION OF ANY PARTICULAR LEGAL UNDERSTANDING.
Kidoz and GDPR-K Compliance:
Safeguarding Children's Digital Privacy
At Kidoz, we recognize the paramount importance of protecting children’s privacy in the digital world. This white paper outlines our commitment and comprehensive approach to ensuring full compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), particularly its provisions for children (GDPR-K). Through our technology, stringent policies, and transparent practices, Kidoz not only meets but exceeds the requirements set forth to safeguard children’s personal data.
Background
The digital landscape presents unique challenges and opportunities, particularly when it comes to advertising to children. Compliance with GDPR-K and COPPA is not just a regulatory requirement but a cornerstone of trust between families, brands, and content publishers. Kidoz has risen to this challenge, creating a contextual mobile advertising network that respects privacy while enabling sustainable revenue for app developers.
About Kidoz
Kidoz is a leading provider of child-safe digital advertising solutions. Recognizing the vulnerability of children in the digital ecosystem, we have embedded privacy and safety into the DNA of our services, ensuring a secure and positive online experience for our young users.
Key Provisions and Kidz's Alignment
GDPR-K emphasizes several critical areas: the age of digital consent, data minimization, privacy by design, clear communication, and strict limits on data sharing and marketing. Kidoz adheres to these principles, implementing robust measures to comply with each requirement.
Kidoz's Approach to GDPR-K Compliance
Data Privacy and Protection Policies
Kidoz has developed comprehensive data protection policies that govern every aspect of our operations. From data collection to processing and sharing, we ensure the highest standards of privacy and security. Our policies are regularly reviewed and audited by an official certifier, PRIVO.
‍
Please find a case study, written by PRIVO about our effort regarding GDPR-K:
https://www.privo.com/kidoz-case-study
Consent Verification
In addressing the essential considerations surrounding the age of digital consent under GDPR-K, Kidoz adopts a universally cautious approach, operating on the principle that
ALL users
within our network are treated as if they are below the age of digital consent.
This policy underscores our steadfast commitment to privacy and safety, ensuring that no personal data is ever shared with third parties.
When responding to advertising requests, Kidoz meticulously removes any personally identifiable information (PII) from the transaction. This rigorous process ensures that every ad served through our network is entirely devoid of personal data, upholding our promise to safeguard user privacy at every turn. By default, we operate with the highest standards of data protection, effectively ensuring that our user base is shielded from any form of data sharing that could compromise their privacy.
Privacy by Design
From the initial stages of product development to each subsequent update, Kidoz integrates privacy by design principles. This approach means that every new feature, service, or product we develop undergoes rigorous privacy impact assessments to identify and mitigate risks to children's data privacy. Our engineering teams are trained to prioritize privacy, ensuring that the default settings for all our services are always set to the highest level of data protection.
Kidoz's Commitment to Clearly Labeled Advertising
Kidoz takes a transparent approach to advertising by distinctly labeling our ads, ensuring they are easily recognized as advertisements and not mistaken for content. This practice is fundamental to maintaining the integrity of our user experience, fostering trust among children, parents, and content publishers alike. By incorporating a clear, consistent watermark across all our advertisements, Kidoz guarantees that users can effortlessly distinguish between entertainment or educational content and promotional material
Ad Platform Innovation
In our pursuit of setting industry benchmarks for responsible and child-friendly digital advertising, Kidoz not only rigorously ensured its advertising platform met stricter GDPR-K compliance standards but also implemented an exhaustive manual review process.
Every campaign and ad creative submitted to our network is meticulously examined by our dedicated in-house team
. This hands-on approach ensures that all advertisements are not only relevant and appropriate for our young audience but also fully compliant with the strictest privacy standards.
Following this manual filtration our system is intricately designed to automatically
filter out any campaign or ad creative that could potentially collect personal information
, such as names, birth dates, email addresses, or locations. This comprehensive review process ensures all advertisements are relevant, appropriate for our young audience, and strictly adhere to privacy regulations. By integrating this dual-layered approach—combining automated safeguards with human oversight—Kidoz underscores its unwavering commitment to creating a secure and nurturing digital environment, completely free of privacy concerns.
COPPA and GDPRkids™ Compliance
In our dedication to exceed the standard requirements for children's online privacy, the Kidoz team has proactively sought and attained oversight from an FTC-approved
COPPA Safe Harbor
through
PRIVO
, affirming our platform's compliance with the stringent measures designed to protect children aged 13 and under.
Furthering our commitment to global privacy standards, Kidoz has also become a proud participant in
GDPR
kids
™ Privacy Assured Program
. This initiative aligns with the GDPR's nuanced approach to children's privacy, recognizing the varying ages of consent across EU member states and the UK, which range from 13 to 16 years old.
Sub-policy 15
https://liftoff.io/privacy-policy/:
This website stores cookies on your computer. These cookies are used to collect information about how you interact with our website and allow us to remember you. We use this information in order to improve and customize your browsing experience and for analytics and metrics about our visitors both on this website and other media. To find out more about the cookies we use, see our Privacy Policy
If you decline, your information won’t be tracked when you visit this website. A single cookie will be used in your browser to remember your preference not to be tracked.
Cookies settings
Accept All
Decline All
We use cookies to improve your experience on our site and offer you the most relevant information. Please accept cookies for an optimal experience. To learn more about how we use cookies, see our
Cookie Policy
.
The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.
The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.
The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.
The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.
Manage options
Manage services
Manage {vendor_count} vendors
Read more about these purposes
Accept
Deny
View preferences
Save preferences
View preferences
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
{title}
Privacy Policy
Liftoff
Privacy Policy
Effective: January 2025
Table of contents:
Who we are
The personal information we process
How we use your personal information (our purposes) and
our legal basis for processing it
Cookies and similar tracking technologies
International transfers
How we share your personal information and who we share it with
Security
Data retention
Automated decision-making
Your rights
Children’s privacy
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Complaints, questions and suggestions
We recommend that you read this Privacy Policy in full to ensure that you are completely informed about your personal data. To access a particular section, you can click on the relevant link above.
I. WHO WE ARE
Liftoff Mobile, Inc. (“Company,” “we,” “us,” “our”) is a mobile advertising company that provides customers with an advertising and optimization platform and software (the “Services”).
We are the data controller of the personal information that we collect from you. The company is registered in Delaware (registration number C3511707), with registered office at 555 Bryant Street, Suite #133, Palo Alto CA 94301.
We respect your right to privacy. “You” will fall into one of four categories:
“Site Visitor”: accessing or browsing the www.liftoff.io site (the “Site”);
“Customer”: requesting the provision of Services from us;
“Partner”: providing services to us, to allow us to provide Services to our Customers: or
“Targeted End User”: using mobile apps provided to you by our Customers (acting as an “End User”).
This Privacy Policy applies to the Site and our Services. It describes how we collect, use, share and store your personal information, as well as your privacy rights and choices. Please note that this Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of companies that we do not own or control.
You can contact us in relation to this Privacy Policy by email at DPO@liftoff.io or security@liftoff.io, or using the additional contact details provided in Section XIII titled “Complaints, Questions and Suggestions”.
II. THE PERSONAL INFORMATION WE PROCESS
The type of personal information that we collect and process falls into three categories, as further detailed below:
Information we collect from Customers and Partners in connection with the provision of our Services;
Information we collect and use when Targeted End Users interact with our Customers’ mobile applications; and
Information that we collect from Site Visitors using the Site.
We do not collect any sensitive personal information about you, such as health-related information or information about your race or ethnicity, or sexual orientation.
A. Information We Collect from Customers and Partners
If you are one of our Customers or Partners (e.g., a representative of one of our Customers or Partners), the table below describes the categories of personal information we collect from and about you, as well as the source (i.e., from whom we obtain it):
Categories of personal information
Source
Identification and Contact Data
such as your name, contact information (e.g., email and telephone), account credentials and profile information.
Directly from you
Transaction Data
such as your payment information.
Directly from you
Communication Data
such as information you provide in your communications with us.
Directly from you
Device Data
including technical information such as your IP address, your ISP, browser type and version, device type, operating system, generic geographic location, unique device identification numbers or other identifiers (including advertising identifiers).
Directly from you
Indirectly from you
Usage Data
such as account activity and Site interaction, including information that we capture using cookies and similar technologies (see Section IV titled “Cookies and similar tracking technologies”).  This will include page views and searches, clicks, information about content viewed, time and length of visits, traffic data, and other functional information on Site performance (for example, application version information, diagnostics, and crash logs).
Indirectly from you
Advertising and Marketing Data
including your interests based on your use of our Site and other websites and online services, your preferences in relation to receiving marketing materials from us, your communication preferences, and your preferences for particular products or services.
Directly from you
Indirectly from you
Third parties
Location Data
from which we can identify your approximate location.
Indirectly from you
B. Information We Collect and Use About Targeted End Users When They Interact With Our Customers’ Mobile Applications
If you are a Targeted End User, the table below describes the categories of personal information we collect from and about you, as well as the source (i.e., from whom we obtain it).
Categories of personal information
Source
Device Data
including technical information such as your IP address, Internet service provider (ISP), device information (inc. ID, make, manufacturer, operating system and language settings), browser type, generic geographic location (such as country or zip code, as well as the granular latitude and longitude coordinates), carrier, Android ID or Identifier for Advertisers (IDFA), connection speed.
Your device might be considered as likely linked to other devices that belong to you or your household (e.g., because you are logged in to the same service on both your phone and your computer, or because you may use the same Internet connection on both devices).
Characteristics specific to your device might be requested from you and used to distinguish it from other devices (such as the installed fonts or plugins, the resolution of your screen).
Indirectly from you
Third parties
Usage Data
such as your activity on a Customer’s app and other websites or apps (e.g., forms you submit, content you look at) and Site interaction, including information that we capture using cookies and similar technologies (see Section IV titled “Cookies and similar tracking technologies”). This will include app usage information, referring/ exit pages, pages and content viewed, clickstream data, and date/ time stamp.
Information about your activity on a Customer’s app service may be matched and combined with other information relating to you and originating from various sources (e.g., your activity on a separate online service, your use of a loyalty card in-store, or your answers to a survey).
Indirectly from you
Preferences
regarding the processing of your data.
Directly from you
Ad Engagement Data
such as information regarding which advertising is presented to you and how you interact with it (e.g., whether you saw an ad, whether you clicked on it, whether it led you to buy a product or download an app, etc.)
Indirectly from you
Location Data
from which we can identify your approximate location.
Indirectly from you
C. Information We Collect via Our Site
The table below describes the categories of personal information we collect from and about you when you visit our Site:
Categories of personal information
Source
Identification and Contact Data
such as your name, contact information (e.g., email), account credentials and profile information.
Directly from you
Communication Data
such as information you provide in your communications with us, and any other information that you actively provide to us via our Site
Directly from you
Device Data
including technical information such as your IP address, your ISP, browser type and version, device type, operating system, generic geographic location (country), unique device identification numbers or other identifiers (including advertising identifiers).
Indirectly from you
Usage Data
such as Site interaction, including information that we capture using cookies and similar technologies (see Section IV titled “Cookies and similar tracking technologies”).  This will include page views and searches, clicks, time and length of visits, traffic data, weblogs and other communication data, and other functional information on Site performance (for example, application version information, diagnostics, and crash logs).
Indirectly from you
Third-party Data
including marketing data
We combine this data with information we already have about you to help us to update, expand and analyse our records, identify new Customers, deliver our marketing services and provide more tailored advertising, products and Services.
If you provide us with personal information about others, or if others give us your information, we will only use that information for the specific reason for which it was provided to us.
Third parties (including email, marketing and analytics services, as well as publicly available databases)
III. HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION (OUR PURPOSES) AND OUR LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING IT
We use the personal information that we collect from and about you only for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy or for purposes that we explain to you at the time we collect your information. Depending on our purpose for collecting your information, we rely on one of the following legal bases:
Contract
– we require certain personal information in order to provide and support the Services you request from us;
Consent
– in certain circumstances, we may ask for your consent (separately from any contract between us) before we collect, use, or disclose your personal information, in which case you can voluntarily choose to give or deny your consent without any negative consequences to you;
Legitimate interests
– we will use or disclose your personal information for our or a third party’s legitimate interests, but only (i) in a way that is reasonable for you to expect as part of the running of our business and which does not materially affect your rights and freedoms, and (ii) when we are confident that your privacy rights will remain appropriately protected. These interests will normally be to: (i) operate, provide and improve our business, including our Services; communicate with you and respond to your questions; (ii) improve our Site or use the insights to improve or develop marketing activities and promote our Services; (iii) detect or prevent illegal activities (for example, fraud); and/or (iv) to manage the security of our IT infrastructure, and the safety and security of our employees, customers, vendors and visitors; or
Legal obligation
– there are instances where we must process and retain your personal information to comply with laws or to fulfil certain legal obligations.
A. Information We Collect from Customers and Partners
If you are one of our Customers or Partners (e.g., a representative of one of our Customers or Partners), the table below provides more details on our purposes for processing your personal information and the related legal bases. The legal basis under which your personal information is processed will depend on the data concerned and the specific context in which we use it.
Purpose/ activity
Categories of personal information
Legal basis
Provide our Services
Register, manage and administer your account
Fulfil your request for our Services
Service-related communications (inc. Service updates, confirmations and support)
Identification and Contact Data
Transaction Data
Communication Data
Device Data
Usage Data
Location Data
Performance of a contract with you
Improve our Services
Analyse metrics related to transactions and behaviour (online and offline) to assess trends and the effectiveness of our advertising and marketing campaigns (inc. our “Mobile Heroes” programme), to help us understand your needs and provide you with better service and offers, to drive customer engagement, promote our business, and inform business decisions.
Identification and Contact Data
Transaction Data
Communication Data
Device Data
Usage Data
Advertising and Marketing Data
Consent (where required under applicable law)
Otherwise, our legitimate interests (to operate, provide and improve our business)
Personalise and customise your experience
including to provide targeted content, marketing, ads and other information to Customers
Identification and Contact Data
Transaction Data
Communication Data
Device Data
Usage Data
Advertising and Marketing Data
Location Data
Consent (where required under applicable law)
Otherwise, our legitimate interests (to operate, provide and improve our business)
To receive services
from you or the business you represent (where you or your business is a Partner)
Identification and Contact Data
Communication Data
Performance of a contract with you
Manage compliance with our terms of service
and related internal reporting
Identification and Contact Data
Device Data
Usage Data
Advertising and Marketing Data
Performance of a contract with you
Otherwise, our legitimate interests (to operate, provide and improve our business)
Legal obligation
Administer and maintain our Site and IT systems
including monitoring, troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, repair and support, reporting and hosting of data
Identification and Contact Data
Device Data
Usage Data
Our and our third parties’ legitimate interests (to operate, provide and improve our business; to detect or prevent Illegal activities (e.g. fraud) and/or to manage the security of our IT infrastructure).
Protect our legal rights
including where necessary, to share information with law enforcement and others (e.g., to defend claims against us and to conduct litigation to defend our interests)
Identification and Contact Data
Transaction Data
Communication Data
Device Data
Usage Data
Our legitimate interests to protect our business interests
Legal obligation
Comply with legal and regulatory obligations
including our obligations to respond to your requests under data protection law
Identification and Contact Data
Transaction Data
Communication Data
Device Data
Usage Data
Legal obligation
Customers and Partners wishing to opt out of receiving marketing and advertising communications from Liftoff can click “UNSUBSCRIBE” in marketing emails or email us at DPO@liftoff.io or security@liftoff.io.
When you provide us with personal information about your contacts, we will only use this information for the specific reason for which it is provided in order to reach out to the individual (including those individuals nominated as a mobile hero). If you believe that one of your contacts has provided us with your personal information and you would like to request that it be removed from our database, please contact us at DPO@liftoff.io or security@liftoff.io.
B. Information We Collect and Use About Targeted End Users When They Interact With Our Customers’ Mobile Applications
If you are a Targeted End User, the table below provides more details on our purposes for processing your personal information and the related legal bases. The legal basis under which your personal information is processed will depend on the data concerned and the specific context in which we use it.
Purpose/ activity
Categories of personal information
Legal basis
Personalise, target and deliver advertising
including to create an advertising profile of you
We build or improve a profile about you to present advertising that appears more relevant based on your possible interests.
To ensure the technical compatibility of the content or advertising, and to facilitate the transmission of the content or ad to your device.
Device Data
Usage Data
Preferences
Location Data
Consent
Measuring advertising performance
To determine how well an advert has worked for you or other users, understand the impact of advertising campaigns and determine which target audiences are more receptive to an ad campaign or to certain contents.
Usage Data
Ad Engagement Data
Location Data
Our legitimate interests (to operate, provide and improve our business).
Developing and improving services
Information about your activity on a Customer’s app, such as your interaction with ads or content, can be used to improve or build new products and services. This specific purpose does not include the development or improvement of user profiles and identifiers.
Usage Data
Ad Engagement Data
Our legitimate interests (to operate, provide and improve our business; to detect or prevent Illegal activities (e.g. fraud) and/or to manage the security of our IT infrastructure).
Security
Ensuring security, preventing and detecting fraud (for example, regarding advertising, ad clicks by bots), and fixing errors (e.g., to correct any problems you, the publisher or the advertiser may encounter in the delivery of content and ads and in your interaction with them).
Device Data
Usage Data
Ad Engagement Data
Our and our third parties’ legitimate interests. It is in the interests of us, our clients, and you to ensure that ads are served in a safe and error free manner and that fraudulent third parties do not distort the true price to be paid for showing you ads.
Comply with legal and regulatory obligations
including our obligations to respond to your requests under data protection law.
Device Data
Usage Data
Preferences
Ad Engagement Data
Legal obligation
Our Privacy Principles for the use of data about Targeted End Users
Liftoff’s systems aggregate events/data at granularities that cover many users, as opposed to a specific user, unless the user consents. For instance: users with iPhone X’s in San Francisco have clicked on ads in app A 100 times and installed app B 50 times.
Liftoff does not tie together events/data across apps in a user-specific way, without the user’s consent. For instance: we do not track that a person did X in app A and also Y in app B from a different publisher, if the person opts-out of interest-based advertising.
Instead, Liftoff only ties events/data from a given specific user within the context of a given app. E.g. user with app-local ID 123 installed app A, then finished the tutorial, then made a purchase.
This allows Liftoff to understand the conversion rates from one event to another within an app, but not track the activities of a user across different apps.
Liftoff does not record or store personal information that the user cannot easily revoke, such as email address, physical address, photographs or phone number to personalize our advertising. Liftoff relies upon device IDs to uniquely identify a user, and Liftoff solely relies upon the user’s consent in allowing Liftoff to access this information.
Liftoff does not export per-user data outside of Liftoff, except for validation purposes to a company that already has access to that data
Details of how to opt-out of interest-based advertising from us can be found at:
https://liftoff.io/opt-out/
.
C. Information We Collect via Our Site
The table below provides more details on our purposes for processing your personal information and the related legal bases. The legal basis under which your personal information is processed will depend on the data concerned and the specific context in which we use it.
Purpose/ activity
Categories of personal information
Legal basis
Provide access to our Site
Identification and Contact Data
Communication Data
Device Data
Usage Data
Performance of a contract with you.
Communicate with you
including to deal with and respond to enquiries
Communication Data
Legitimate interests (to operate, provide and improve our business; to communicate with you).
Analyse how our Site is used and to improve our Site
including managing our use of cookies and other tracking technologies (including enabling you to manage your cookie preferences) and analyse collected data to learn about our Site, to improve our Site, and to develop new products and services.
Communication Data
Device Data
Usage Data
Consent (where required under applicable law)
Otherwise our legitimate interests (to operate, provide and improve our business)
Send you marketing communications
We combine Third-Party Data with information we already have about you to help us to update, expand and analyse our records, identify new Customers, deliver our marketing services and provide more tailored advertising, products and Services.
Identification and Contact Data
Communication Data
Third-party Data
Consent (where required under applicable law)
Otherwise our legitimate interests (to operate, provide and improve our business)
Manage compliance with our terms of service and related internal reporting
Identification and Contact Data
Device Data
Usage Data
Advertising and Marketing Data
Performance of a contract with you
Otherwise, our legitimate interests (to operate, provide and improve our business)
Legal obligation
Administer and maintain our Site and IT systems
including monitoring, troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, repair and support, reporting and hosting of data
Identification and Contact Data
Device Data
Usage Data
Our and our third parties’ legitimate interests (to operate, provide and improve our business; to detect or prevent Illegal activities (e.g. fraud) and/or to manage the security of our IT infrastructure)
Protect our legal rights
including where necessary, to share information with law enforcement and others (e.g., to defend claims against us and to conduct litigation to defend our interests)
Identification and Contact Data
Communication Data
Device Data
Usage Data
Our legitimate interests to protect our business interests
Legal obligation
Comply with legal and regulatory obligations
including our obligations to respond to your requests under data protection law
Identification and Contact Data
Communication Data
Device Data
Usage Data
Legal obligation
IV. COOKIES AND SIMILAR TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
We use cookies and similar technologies (collectively, “Cookies”) to analyse trends, administer the Site, track users’ movements around our Site, to gather demographic information about our user base, and to serve interest based advertising. For further information about the types of Cookies we use, why, and how you can control Cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
.
You can control the use of Cookies at the individual browser level, but if you choose to disable Cookies, it may limit your use of certain features or functions on our Site or Services.
V. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
Your personal information may be collected, transferred to, and processed in, countries other than the country in which you are located, including the United States and other countries where we or our group companies or service providers (among others) maintain facilities. Our group affiliates and our third-party service providers and partners operate around the world. We maintain primary data centers in the United States, Singapore, Japan and Germany. These countries may have data protection laws that are different to the laws of your country and may not provide for the same level of data protection as your jurisdiction. We take steps designed to ensure that the data we collect under this Privacy Policy is processed as described in this Privacy Policy and according to applicable law.
We have implemented appropriate safeguards to ensure that the recipient of your personal information offers an adequate level of protection, including by entering into the standard contractual clauses for the transfer of personal information, or where required, we will ask you for your prior written consent for such international data transfers.
Where we transfer your personal information to countries and territories outside of the EEA, UK and Switzerland which have been formally recognized as providing an adequate level of protection for personal information, we rely on the relevant “adequacy decisions” and “adequacy regulations” from the European Commission, Swiss and UK authorities.
Where the transfer is not subject to an adequacy decision, we take appropriate safeguards to ensure that your personal information will remain protected in accordance with this Privacy Policy and applicable laws. These safeguards include implementing the European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses as issued on 4 June 2021 under Article 46(2) GDPR for transfers originating in the EEA, UK and Switzerland; and the UK Addendum under Article 46(2) of the UK GDPR for the transfer of data originating in the UK.
Our Standard Contractual Clauses entered into by our group companies and with our third-party service providers and partners can be provided on request. Please note that some sensitive commercial information will be redacted. If you have any questions or concerns related to international data transfers, please contact us via the contact details set out below.
Data Privacy Framework
Liftoff Mobile, Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“EU-U.S. DPF”), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF (“UK Extension”), and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“Swiss-U.S. DPF”) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.  We have certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that we adhere to (i) the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles  with regard to the processing of personal information received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the UK (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and (ii)the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles with regard to the processing of personal information received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF (collectively, the “DPF Principles”).  If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the DPF Principles, the DPF Principles shall govern.  To learn more about the DPF program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
The types of personal information we receive in the U.S., as well as the purposes for which we collect and use it, are set out in Sections II and III titled “The personal information we process” and “How we use your personal information (our purposes) and our legal basis for processing it”. We will give you an opportunity to opt out where personal information we control about you is to be disclosed to an independent third party, or is to be used for a purpose that is materially different from those set out in this Privacy Policy. If you otherwise wish to limit the use or disclosure of your personal information, please contact us via the contact details set out below.
Information about the types of third parties to which we disclose personal information and the purposes for which we do so is described in Section VI titled “How we share your personal information and who we share it with”.
If we have received your personal information in the U.S. and subsequently transfer that information to a third party acting as an agent, and such third-party agent processes your personal information in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, we will remain liable unless we can prove we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
If you are located in the EEA, UK (inc. Gibraltar) or Switzerland, you have the right to request access to the personal information that we hold about you and request that we correct, amend, or delete it if it is inaccurate or processed in violation of the DPF Principles. If you would like to exercise these rights, please contact us via the contact details provided below. We may request specific information from you to confirm your identity and we will respond to your request in accordance with the DPF Principles and applicable data protection laws. You may also opt-out of receiving marketing and advertising communications from us by writing to us at the contact details provided below or by clicking on the “unsubscribe” or “opt-out” link in the marketing emails we send you.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, we commit to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information. EU, UK and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal information received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, UK Extension and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact Liftoff Mobile, Inc. at:
DPO@liftoff.io
. We will investigate and attempt to resolve any DPF-related complaints or disputes within forty-five (45) days of receipt.
We commit to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal information received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to JAMS, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.  If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolutionfor more information or to file a complaint.  The services of JAMS are provided at no cost to you. If your complaint is not resolved by us or by JAMS, you may, under certain conditions, invoke binding arbitration for complaints regarding compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension and the Swiss-U.S. DPF. Please see
here
for additional information.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over our compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension and the Swiss-U.S. DPF. We may be required to disclose personal information we handle under the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension and the Swiss-U.S. DPF in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
We reserve the right to amend this section from time to time consistent with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension and the Swiss-U.S. DPF requirements.
VI. HOW WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION AND WHO WE SHARE IT WITH
We do not sell your personal information in personally identifiable form to anyone. However, we do share your personal information with third parties as described below. If you have consented to us sharing your personal information but later change your mind, you may contact us and we will cease any such activity.
Affiliated Businesses and Third Party Websites We Do Not Control
In certain situations, businesses or third party websites we’re affiliated with may sell items or provide services to you through the Services (either alone or jointly with us). You will be able to recognize when an affiliated business is associated with such a transaction or service, and we will share your personal information with that affiliated business only to the extent that it is necessary and related to such transaction or service. We have no control over the policies and practices of third party websites or businesses as to privacy or anything else, so if you choose to take part in any transaction or service relating to an affiliated website or business, please review all such business’ or websites’ policies. This Privacy Policy applies only to personal information that we collect through the Site and Services. If you have any questions about these practices, please contact us at DPO@liftoff.io or security@liftoff.io.
Service Providers
We employ third party companies and people, for example cloud service providers (“Third Party Service Providers”), such as Amazon Web Services, Dropbox, Salesforce and
Unity Technologies
to perform tasks e.g., provide computer and network infrastructure services on our behalf or as advertising exchange partners and we may need to share your information with them to provide products or Services to you. We only share your personal information with Third Party Service Providers to the extent necessary for them to assist us and they do not have any right to use your personal information we share with them beyond what is necessary to assist us. We may also work with Google to deliver the best advertising opportunities to its clients through the use of remarketing tags. Traffic Clients and other data subjects can consult Google’s policies to learn more about Google’s processing policies
here
.
Third Party Digital Advertising Partners
If you are a Targeted End User, we will share data about you with Partners, to be used by those Partners for advertising-related purposes, including establishing (on behalf of advertisers) whether to bid on the opportunity to show you ads. When we share data in this manner, we will also share with the relevant Partner details about whether you have consented to, or objected to, the use of your data by the Partner for specified purposes.
Group Companies
We may provide your personal information to our subsidiaries or affiliated companies for the purpose of processing personal information on our behalf to provide the Site and the Services to you. These parties are required to process such information based on our instructions and in accordance with this Privacy Policy. They do not have any independent right to share this information.
Compliance with laws and legal proceedings
We may also disclose your personal information as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena or other legal process and when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request.
Merger or Acquisition
If Liftoff Mobile, Inc. or any of its subsidiaries are involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Site of any change in ownership, uses of your personal information, and choices you may have regarding your personal information. We may also disclose your personal information to any other third party with your prior consent.
VII. SECURITY
The security of your personal information is important to us.  Whilst we take appropriate technical and organisational measures to safeguard the personal information that you provide to us, no transmission over the Internet can ever be guaranteed secure. Consequently, please note that we cannot guarantee the security of any personal information that you transfer over the Internet to us
We take appropriate steps to pseudonymize your personal information. For Targeted End Users, the advertising device IDs (which are the only per-user identifiers that we track, and can be reset by the user at any time) are SHA1-hashed before insertion. Since SHA1 is a one-way hashing algorithm, the original raw advertising device ID cannot be reverse-engineered from the hashed version.
If you have any questions about the security of your personal information, you can contact us at DPO@liftoff.io or security@liftoff.io.
VIII. DATA RETENTION
If you have provided us with personal information for the purposes of holding an account with us, we will retain your information (including personal information) for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you Services.
If we hold information about you through any other means we shall only process this information for as long as is necessary for the purpose and in any event for no longer than 28 days.
Information relating to Targeted End Users is retained for 30 days in pseudonymized form before it is automatically deleted from our active database. Backups are stored indefinitely.
We will delete it after the timescales stated above, except we will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
IX. AUTOMATED DECISION-MAKING
We perform the following automated decision-making processes using your personal information:
To build lookalike targeting models to target users who are similar to the Customer’s existing users. Our Machine Learning does this automatically for every Customer. The more upfront device IDs Liftoff has, the more beneficial this is.
For power predictive ML features e.g. users who have purchased in the past are much more likely to purchase again in the future
To exclude existing users from User Acquisition campaigns, and power targeting rules for re-engagement campaigns e.g. target users who have registered but not purchased.
We have implemented measures to safeguard the rights and interests of individuals whose personal data is subject to automated decision-making. Our technical and organizational security measures can be provided on request.
When we make an automated decision about you, you have the right to contest the decision, to express your point of view, and to require a human review of the decision. You can exercise this right by contacting us using the contact details provided under Section IV titled “Complaints, Questions and Suggestions”.
X. YOUR RIGHTS
Opting-out of interest-based advertising from Liftoff
As described in this Privacy Policy, third parties may use cookies and similar tracking technologies to collect information and infer your interests for interest-based advertising purposes. If you would prefer to not receive personalized ads based on, for example, your browser or device usage, you may generally express your opt-out preference to no longer receive tailored advertisements by clicking
here
(or if located in the EEA, click
here
)
. Please note that you will continue to see advertisements, but they will no longer be tailored to your interests.
Refer to our
opt out page
for instructions on how to opt-out of interest-based advertising when you are a Targeted End User.
Data Subject Rights
You have certain rights in relation to your personal information. If you would like further information in relation to these or would like to exercise any of them, please contact us via email at DPO@liftoff.io at any time. You have the following rights:
Right of access.  You have a right of access to any personal information we hold about you.  You can ask us for a copy of your personal information; confirmation as to whether your personal information is being used by us; details about how and why it is being used; and details of the safeguards which are in place if we transfer your information outside of the UK or EEA.
Right to correct or update your personal information.  You have a right to request a correction or update to any of your personal information which is out of date or incorrect.
Right to request deletion of your personal information.  You have a right to ask us to delete any personal information which we are holding about you in certain specific circumstances.  You can ask us for further information on these specific circumstances by contacting us by email.
Right to restrict use of your information. You have a right to ask us to restrict the way that we process your personal information in certain specific circumstances.  You can ask us for further information on these specific circumstances by contacting us by email.
If we have collected and process your personal information with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
Right to opt-out or stop marketing communications. You have a right to ask us to stop using your personal information for direct marketing purposes.  You may contact us using the contact details provided below or by clicking on the “unsubscribe” or “opt-out” link in the marketing emails we send you. If you exercise this right, we will stop using your personal information for this purpose but we will still send you non-promotional emails (as applicable), such as emails about your account or our ongoing business relations.
Right to data portability. You have a right to ask us to provide your personal information to a third party provider of services. This right only applies where we use your personal information on the basis of your consent or performance of a contract; and where our use of your information is carried out by automated means.
Right to object.  You have a right to ask us to consider any valid objections which you have to our use of your personal information where we process your personal information on the basis of our or another person’s legitimate interest.
We will consider all such requests and provide our response within a reasonable period (and in any event within one month of your request unless we tell you we are entitled to a longer period under applicable law). Please note, however, that certain personal information may be exempt from such requests in certain circumstances, for example if we need to keep using the information to comply with our own legal obligations or to establish, exercise or defend legal claims.
You have the right to complain to a supervisory authority about our collection and use of your personal information. For more information, please contact your local supervisory authority. Contact details for supervisory authorities in the EEA are available
here
and for the UK
here
.  Certain supervisory authorities will require that you exhaust our own internal complaints process before looking into your complaint.
If an exception applies, we will tell you this when responding to your request.  We may request you provide us with information necessary to confirm your identity before responding to any request you make.
We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
XI. CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 16 or knowingly allow such persons to register for the Services (as that term is defined in our Terms of Use). If you are under 16, please do not attempt to use the Site or register for the Services or send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one under age 16 may provide any personal information to us or use the Site or the Services. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 16, we will delete that information as quickly as possible unless your parent or guardian has provided us with their consent for your use of our Site or Services. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 16, please contact us at DPO@liftoff.io or security@liftoff.io.
XII. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any material changes, we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
XIII. COMPLAINTS, QUESTIONS AND SUGGESTIONS
We have a Data Protection Officer to assist with all queries regarding our processing of personal information who can be contacted at DPO@liftoff.io. If you have complaints about our Site or Services, please contact us at: DPO@liftoff.io or security@liftoff.io.
In the EEA/ UK, you may contact our representatives:
Jurisdiction
Representative
EEA
Attn: Legal Department
Liftoff GmBH
Torstrabe 146/Linienstrabe 86, 10119, Berlin, Germany
UK
Attn: Legal Department
Liftoff Mobile Limited
Drapers House, 76-78 Clerkenwell Road, EC1M 5QA, London, UK
You may also make a compliant to the appropriate data protection authority for data protection matters or seek a remedy through local courts if you believe your rights have been breached.
Manage consent
Sub-policy 16
https://www.mintegral.com/en/privacy/:
PRIVACY POLICY
Privacy Policy of the Mintegral Services
Privacy Policy of Mintegral Website
PRIVACY POLICY
September 14
th
2024
Mintegral entities (for purpose of applicable data protection laws, Mintegral entities providing Mintegral Service which are subject to applicable disclosure requirements can be viewed
HERE
collectively, “Mintegral”, or “we”, “us”, “our”) provide this privacy policy to explain how we collect, use, and share information. This privacy policy (“Policy”) covers Mintegral’s handling of two types of information:
(1)Information we receive when we provide our service, including (i) device information about end users we collect through our software development kit (“SDK”), application programming interface (“API”), our platforms, services or technologies from traffic supply partners such as mobile app developer, ad exchange platform, supply-side platform, mediation platform; (ii) information about end users’ interaction with ads collect through our SDK, API or other technologies, or collected and transferred to us by our Business Partners (e.g. mobile app developers, advertisers, hereinafter referred to as “Business Partners”) or any third party designated by them; (iii) device information generated during end users’ use of our Business Partners’ mobile apps, websites, platforms or services and information collected and transferred to us by our Business Partners or any third party designated by them; (iv) information provided by Business Partners when they use Mintegral’s platforms, technologies, services. In the Privacy Policy of the Mintegral Services, the end users mentioned in this section are collectively referred to as “User”, “you” or “your”; the SDK, API, any technology, platform or service provided by Mintegral mentioned in this section are referred to as “Mintegral Service”.
Please click on the following link to access detail about
Protection for Minors
under the process of collecting this type of information
.
(2)Information we receive through the following websites from website visitors (hereinafter referred to as “Visitors”, “you” or “your”) in the Privacy Policy of Mintegral Website: (i) our website at:
www.mintegral.com
www.mintegral.net
or any other website on which this Policy is posted, as well as (ii) any website we provide to Business Partners or potential clients in order to provide our services.
Please click on the following link to access detail about
Protection of Minors
under the process of collecting this type of information.
This Policy is subject to any service agreement between Mintegral and you. By using the Mintegral Service or Mintegral Site, you acknowledge that you have read, understood and agreed to this Policy. Please review this Policy before using the Mintegral Service or the Mintegral Site.
We evaluate this Policy and procedures to implement improvements and refinements from time to time.We will review and update this Privacy Policy as necessary at least every 12 months.
Data protection and ensuring our Business Partners’ and your trust is at the core of Mintegral’s business principles. Accordingly, being compliance with applicable data protection laws is our top priority and this Policy is updated to be compliance with the applicable data protection laws, including but not limited to the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”),
the Brazilian General Data Protection Law (Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Pessoais) (“LGPD”), the any personal information protection law announced by Chinese governments
(“PIPL”)
, and
the US States Privacy Laws
(
“
US States Privacy Laws
”
)
including
California Customer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act ("VCDPA")
,
the Colorado Privacy Act
(
“CPA”
), t
he Utah Consumer Privacy Act
(
“UCPA”
),
the Connecticut Data Protection Act
(
“CDPA”
),
the
Oregon Consumer Privacy Act (“OCPA”)
, and
the Texas Data Privacy and Security Act (“TDPSA”)
.
For the purpose of this Policy, “Processor” means an “entrusted handler” under the PIPL, a “processor” under the
US States Privacy Laws, excluding CCPA
, and a “service provider” under the CCPA. “Controller” means a “personal information handler” under the PIPL, a “controller” under the
US States Privacy Laws, excluding CCPA
, and a “business” under the CCPA.
Privacy Policy of the Mintegral Services
1. Introduction
This Policy describes Mintegral’s information collection and use while (i) Users view ads served by the Mintegral Services or interact with Mintegral’s Services in any manner; (ii) Users interact with platforms, applications, websites or other services provided by Business Partners; (iii) Business Partners interact with Mintegral’s Service.
Except as explicitly stated in this Policy, Mintegral acts as a Controller under the GDPR when processing Users' personal information in the provision of Mintegral Services.
Our technology enables our partners to show Users more relevant advertising that is based on Users’ interests and behaviors. In order to provide Mintegral Services, we may collect and use certain information about User activity and preferences. We understand how important it is to keep such User’s personal information confidential and discrete, especially in today’s online world. To this end, we have designed this Policy in a format that is easy to navigate and read so that our privacy practices can be clearly understood.
The Mintegral Services may link to third party websites, Apps or other third party content. Please note that we cannot control the treatment of a User’s information by such third parties, and that the privacy practices of third parties likely differ from those described in this Policy.
2. How We Collect Users’ Information
Depending on the nature of a User’s interaction with the Mintegral Services, or any service provided by Mintegral’s Business Partners, we may collect information directly from such User or from our Business Partners (e.g. mobile application developers, ad exchange platforms, supply-side platform and advertisers). For example, (1) we may collect user information through SDK embedded in mobile apps; (2) our Business Partners such as ad exchange platform and supply-side platform may share user information with us when they initiates an ad request to our DSP; (3) our advertisers or their third-party attribution platforms may share user information with us.
Therefore, in the process of providing Mintegral's services, we have no direct contact with users. We will obtain authorized consent from users regarding the collection and use of personal information through Mintegral's business partners (e.g., mobile application developers or advertisers). In our cooperation agreements with Mintegral's business partners, we have required them to commit to and guarantee the legitimacy of the data source, and they will inform users of the specifics of our processing of personal information as required by applicable law and obtain valid consent from users (obtaining separate consent as required by applicable law if necessary), and guarantee that users can revoke such consent at any time.
3. Information We May Collect From Users
When you view ads served by Mintegral Service or interact with services provided by Mintegral’s Business Partners, we and/or our Business Partners may collect your information.
(1) The information we collect through our SDK may include the following types：
①
Location Information:
IP, Country, Time Zone and Locale Setting (include country information and preferred language).
②
Device ID/ Avertising ID:
IMEI, Android ID, OAID, IDFV, GAID
,
Ama
zon
ID
or MAC address
. We will not collect such information if you restrict your device or the app from acquiring device ID or advertising ID according to Article 7 of this Policy.
③
Device Information:
device make, device model, information of operating system, device type, information of screen, information of battery, device volume and font size, whether the it is an emulator, information of network, information of hardware, information of device sensor, Limited Ad Tracking (LAT) status, system boot time, device user name, information of storage capacity;
④
Application Information:
package name of the app of Mintegral’s Business Partners, whether it is downloaded from App Store, version and characteristic of the app used by you when you interact with Mintegral’s Service, SDK version, list of installed apps*;
Notes: For Users of Android device in Mainland China, after our SDK receives an ad offer from Advertisers/DSPs, we may check if you have installed the app promoted by our ad before showing this ad to you, and if you have already installed the app, we will not show this ad to you (“Impression-Filter”), and we will inform the service end not to serve this ad when the ad request is sent by your device in the future. Mintegral only collects information related to the ad which is Impression-Filtered, and Mintegral does not collect any other information related to any installed application.
⑤
Interactive Information:
when you view ads served by us or have other interaction with ads served by us, we may collect information about your interaction with such ads, for example, information that you have viewed or clicked an ad.
⑥
Others:
timestamp, device event information such as crashes, system activity, the date and time of your request and referral URL, user-agent.
(2)
When you install and use the product (e.g. app) after you view and click an ad served by us, we may collect information
f
rom a
dvertis
ers o
r
the
ir
att
rib
ution
mea
s
urem
ent
partn
ers
in
clu
ding
the fol
l
owin
g t
y
pes:
① Location information: IP address, country, city;
② Device/advertising ID: IMEI, OAID, IDFV, IDFA, GAID,
A
mazon
I
D
,
MAC address;
③ Device information: device manufacturer, device model, device operating system information, device language, device type, device network information, device operator;
④ Application information: application version;
⑤ Usage data: timestamp of when the installation event other other event occurred;
⑥ Other information: user agent.
TCF string.
Special note: The TCF string is a machine-readable string defined by IAB Europe that encodes your consent choices regarding the processing of your personal information by us. For more information about the TCF string, you can visit the
IAB Europe website
. Please note that we only collect your TCF string information when you are located in the European Economic Area (“EEA”).
We may also collect the following information from the mediation platforms that the advertiser works with:
① Location information: IP address, country, city;
② Device/advertising ID: IMEI, OAID, IDFV, IDFA, GAID,
A
mazon
I
D
,
MAC address;
③ Device information: device manufacturer, device model, device operating system information, device language, device type, device network information, device operator;
④ Application information: application package name;
⑤ Usage data: timestamp of the occurrence of the monetization event;
⑥ Other information: user agent.
(3) Where Mintegral acts as Demand Side Platform (“DSP”), the ad exchange platform or supply-side platform may share with us your personal information through API may include the following:
①
Location Information:
IP, Country, Time Zone and Locale Setting (include country information and preferred language).
②
Device ID/ Advertising ID:
IMEI, Android ID, OAID, IDFV, Mobile Ad Identifier such as Apple IDFA or Google Advertising ID,
A
mazon
I
D
,
MAC address.
③
Device Information:
device make, device model, information of operating system, device type, information of screen, information of network, Limited Ad Tracking (LAT) status;
④
Application Information:
version and characteristic of the app used by you when you interact with the Mintegral Services, user-agent;
⑤
Interactive Information:
we may also collect information about your interaction with ads served by us, such as information that you have viewed or clicked an ad;
⑥
Others:
other information transferred by the ad exchange platform or supply-side platform.
We cooperates with reputational ad exchange platforms and supply-side platform including Google Doubleclick Ad Exchange. The ad exchange platforms or the supply-side platform may receive an ad request containing your personal information and, to the extent permitted by applicable law or with User’s valid consent, transfer to Mintegral to build your profile, personalize your ad experience, and serve future ads you may see on the internet.
(4) As we provide Mintegral Service for our Business Partners, we may collect name, job title, email address, contact address and the account name and password used to access Mintegral websites, IP address of the individuals using Mintegral services on behalf of such Business Partners.
ABOUT SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION
Sensitive Personal Information refers to personal information that, once leaked or illegally used, will easily lead to infringement of the human dignity or harm to the personal or property safety of a natural person. The scope of sensitive personal information may vary pursuant to different applicable data protection law.
We will not collect your sensitive personal information without your consent. Our Business Partner will transmit or authorize us to process your sensitive personal information after notifying you the necessity of processing your sensitive personal information and the impact of your rights and interests with your consent.
4. How We Use Users’ Personal Information
We use your personal information for the following purpose:
Type
o
f Personal Information
Usage
Device Information
Including all types of personal information described in paragraphs (1) to (3) of Article 3 of this Policy
Basic business functions:
Your device might be distinguished from other devices based on information it automatically send. We use your personal information to display ads on your device through automatic decision making process. We use de-identification techniques and algorithms based on machine learning, model prediction, and more. Ads may be shown to you based on information we legally collected such as the content you’re viewing, the app you’re using, your approximate location, your device type and your device status. We may create tag, features and build profile about you and your interest. According to the calculation results of the recommendation algorithm based on the profile, we may show you personalized ads or behavioral ads which are relevant to you and customized to your inferred interests, preferences, approximate locations and other features. Our recommendation algorithm does not identify the true identity of a particular natural person.
We also perform secondary processing of aggregated data in accordance with data security technologies such as de-identification and anonymization, which are commonly implemented in the industry, to form a database of features and tags that cannot identify the true identity of a specific natural person, conduct group analysis, and optimize algorithm training models to better understand and analyze your usage trends and preferences in order to improve the quality of our Mintegral Services and develop our new products.
Extended Business Functions: Your device information will be used to collect information about the cause of application crashes for later crash problem solving.
Contact Information
Including all types of personal information described in paragraphs（4）of Article 3 of this Policy
We may collect and use personal information of Users who are representing our Business Partners to use Mintegral Service (e.g. employees of publishers or advertisers) for purpose of business contact and direct marking (e.g. sending marketing emails).
Sensitive Personal Information
/
We will not collect your sensitive personal information without your consent. Our Business Partners will transmit or authorize us to process your sensitive personal information after notifying you the necessity of processing your sensitive personal information and the impact of your rights and interests with your consent.
5. The Legal Basis for Our Processing of Users' Personal Information
(1) Where required by applicable laws, We have contractually agreed that our Business Partners (e.g. developer of mobile app integrated with Mintegral’s SDK, advertisers) will obtain consent of a user or their employees for and on our behalf for our processing of his/her personal information described in this Privacy Policy. A data subject can withdraw their consent at any time.
(2) According to the laws and regulations, the following are exceptions to obtaining the consent of the user:
① Necessary for the conclusion and performance of a contract with the data subject;
② Necessary to fulfill our legal obligations;
③ Necessary to respond to a public health emergency, or to protect the life, health, and property of the data subject in an emergency;
④For the implementation of news reporting, public opinion monitoring and other acts in the public interest, within a reasonable range of the handling of end-user personal information;
⑤In accordance with the provisions of applicable laws within a reasonable range to process the personal information disclosed by the data subject himself/herself or other personal information which has been lawfully disclosed.
(3) If you are located in the European Economic Area, we may use your personal information based on the "legitimate interests" set forth in the GDPR, in necessary cases. Our legitimate interests include: monitoring and preventing fraudulent activity, remove technical obstacles to system operation and ensuring systems and processes work properly and securely.
6. How We Share, Entrust the Processing, Transfer, Disclose And Transmit Users’ Personal Information
(1)
Sharing
We may share personal information collected by us with third parties for the following purposes and scenarios：
<
vertising agencies, ad attribution service providers, ad demand-side platforms
No.
Type of Third Parties
Information of Third Parties
Type of Information
Processing Purpose and Processing Method
1
Advertisers, advertising agencies, ad attribution service providers, ad demand-side platforms
See the list of Third Parties for details
①
Location Information:
IP, Country, Time Zone and Locale Setting (include country information and preferred language).
②
Device ID/ Avertising ID:
IMEI, IMSI, Android ID, OAID, IDFV, IDFA，GAID，Amazon ID  or MAC address. We will not collect such information if you restrict your device or the app from acquiring device ID or advertising ID according to Article 7 of this Policy.
③
Device Information:
device make, device model, information of operating system, device type, information of screen, information of battery, device volume and font size, whether the it is an emulator, information of network, information of hardware, information of device sensor, Limited Ad Tracking (LAT) status, system boot time, device user name, information of storage capacity;
④
Application Information:
package name of the app of Mintegral’s Business Partners, whether it is downloaded from App Store, version and characteristic of the app used by you when you interact with Mintegral’s Service, SDK version, list of installed apps*;
⑤
Interactive
Information:
when you view ads served by us or have other interaction with ads served by us, we may collect information about your interaction with such ads, for example, information that you have viewed or clicked an ad.
⑥
Others:
user-agent.
①for conducting advertising attribution and settlement with advertisers/advertising agencies. In relation to such processing activities of personal information, Mintegral acts as a Processor on behalf of the advertisers/advertising agencies to process Users' personal information;
②for monitoring the quality of advertising delivery;
③
for performing precise targeting.
2
Mintegral Affiliates
See the list of
Mintegral Affiliates
for details
including all types of personal information described in items (1) to (3) of Article 3 of this Policy
for internal data analysis among our affiliates to improve service quality and provide their clients with analytical services based on aggregate data;
3
See the list of
Mintegral Affiliates
for details
including all types of personal information described in items (4) of Article 3 of this Policy
for promoting the products or services of our affiliates to users.
Except as expressly stated in this Policy, we will not disclose User’s personal information to any third party without User’s consent.
We have agreed with the partners who have direct access to the user that the partner will inform the user of the above-mentioned third party information and obtain the user's separate consent.
We may also share aggregate or anonymous information with other third parties in accordance with the terms of this Policy.
(2)
Entrusted Processing
Type of Third Parties
Information of Third Parties
Type of Information
Processing Purpose and Processing Method
cloud service providers
See the cloud service providers
Including all types of personal information described in Article 3 of this Policy
① for responding to advertising requests;
② for ensuring systems and processes work properly and securely;
③ for purpose of data storage.
Except as expressly stated in this Privacy Policy, we do not entrust other third parties with the processing of Users' personal information.
(3)Assignmenet:
We will not transfer the user's personal information to any company, organization or individual, except in the following cases:
① W
e inform the user in advance of the type, purpose, manner and scope of the transfer of personal information and obtain the user's separate consent;
② In the event of a merger, separation, dissolution, bankruptcy, etc. that requires the transfer of personal information, we will inform the user of the name and contact information of the recipient and request the recipient to continue to perform the obligations of the processor of personal information. If the recipient changes the original purpose or method of processing, we will ask the recipient to obtain the user's consent again.
(4)Public Disclosure
We do not publicly disclose the personal information of end users, except in the following cases:
① After informing the user of the type, purpose, manner and scope of the personal information to be publicly disclosed and obtaining the user's separate consent;
② When compelled by laws, regulations, legal proceedings, litigation or government authorities.
(5) International Transfers
When you are located in the European Econocim Area (“EEA”), personal information collected about you will be transferred to recipients in countries located outside the EEA or can be remotely accessed in countries located outside the EEA, including in countries which may not be decided by the European Commission that it provides an adequate level of protection to personal information. We have followed requirements as set out in applicable law to provide adequate protection to your personal data. To the extent as required by applicable law, our Business Partner will obtain your valid consent to the extent for us to transfer your personal information to recipients including Mintegral’s affiliates and any other recipients as described in this Policy, which are located outside the EEA. You are entitled to withdraw your consent at any time.
Mintegral has entered into EU standard contractual clauses (“Model Contracts”) for intra-group transfers of personal information to its affiliates. You can request a copy of these Model Contracts by submitting your request via email to privacy@mintegral.com
If you are located in the mainland of the People's Republic of China, the personal information we collect about you under this Privacy Policy will be stored in the mainland of the People's Republic of China.
We will not transfer your personal information outside of the mainland of the People's Republic of China. If our business partners transfer your personal information overseas, they shall be solely responsible for fulfilling the compliance obligations related to data transfer. They should inform you of the name or identity, contact information, processing purposes, processing methods, types of personal information, and the ways and procedures for exercising your legal rights towards the overseas recipients. They should obtain your separate consent, fulfill the evaluation process as required by laws and regulations, and meet other conditions specified by applicable laws and regulations.
7. Your Data Rights
If you are in the EEA, you have a right to (subject to a limited number of exceptions as permitted by GDPR): (i) request access to and rectification or erasure of your personal information; (ii) obtain restriction of processing or to object to processing of your personal information; and (iii) ask for a copy of your personal information to be provided to them, or a third party, in a digital format. You also have the right to lodge a complaint about the processing of your personal information with your local data protection authority in the EEA.
If you are residents of the State of California in the United States, you can request the following information about how we have collected and used your personal information during the past 12 months:
The categories of Personal Information we have collected.
The categories of sources from which we collected the Personal Information.
The business or commercial purpose for collecting,  selling or sharing Personal Information.
The categories of third parties with whom we disclose the Personal Information.
The categories of Personal Information that we sold, shared or disclosed for a business purpose.
The categories of third parties to whom the Personal Information was sold, shared or disclosed for a business purpose.
Access. You can request a copy of the Personal Information that we have collected about you during the past 12 months.
You can ask us to delete the Personal Information that we have collected from you.
You can ask us to correct inaccuracies of your Personal Information.
You are entitled to exercise the rights described above free from discrimination as prohibited by the CCPA.You may (i) submit requests to exercise your California privacy rights described above by writing to us at:
privacy@mintegral.com
or send a written document to the following address: Legal Department, Room 4312, No. 222-3 Xingmin Road, Tianhe District, Guangzhou City, Guangdong Province, China; (ii) o
pt out of selling or sharing of your data by clicking on the following link:
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY DATA
and (iii) submit requests to restrict the use of your sensitive Personal Information by writing to us at:
privacy@mintegral.com
.
When you submit a request we will verify your request by the information you provide (e.g. device ID, company email) according to our internal guidelines. You may designate an authorized agent to make a request to know or a request to delete your personal information by providing the authorized agent written permission to do so; and by verifying your own identity with us directly.  We will deny any requests from agents that do not submit proof of authorization. For request metrics as designated by the CCPA, please see
here
.
We have sold (as defined under the CCPA) the following categories of Personal Information to the following categories of third parties: please see column “Type of Information” and column “Type of Third Parties” of the 1
st
line under Article 6(1) (“Sharing”) of this Policy. We do not sell Personal Information of minors under the age of 16 without affirmative authorization.
You can also find a list of the categories of Personal Information that we collect in the
“Information We May Collect From Users”
section above. For details regarding the sources from which we obtain personal information, please see the
“How We Collect Users’ Information”
section above. We collect and use personal information for the business or commercial purposes described in the
“How We Use Users’ Personal Information”
section above.
If you are
(i)
a resident of the State of Virginia in the United States, effective January 1, 2023,
(ii)
a resident of the State of Colorado
in the
United States, effective July 1, 2023,
(iii)
a resident of the State of Connecticut
in the
United States, effective July 1, 2023
,
or
(
iv
)
a resident of the State of
Texas in the
United States, effective July 1, 202
4,
you may exercise the following personal information rights with us.
to confirm whether we are processing your personal information and to access that personal information;
to correct any inaccuracies in your personal information;
to delete your personal information;
to obtain a copy of the personal information you have provided to us; and
to request a refusal to allow us to process your personal information for the purposes of (i) personalized advertising, (ii) selling your personal information, or (iii) user profiling that has significant legal or similar implications for you.
As set forth in the VCDPA,
CPA, CDPA
, and
TDPSA
you have the right to exercise the above rights without discrimination.
You may (i) exercise your rights to personal information as described above by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com
and (ii) click on this
link
to refuse personalized advertising, refuse the sale of your personal information, and refuse user profiles that have a significant legal or similar impact on you. If you fail to provide valid information for our effective feedback, etc. when exercising your rights as described above, we may deny your right to exercise your rights. If you have any dispute on such denial, you may raise such dispute by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com
.
If you are a resident of the State of Utah in the United States, effective December 31, 2023, you may exercise the following personal information rights with us.
to confirm whether we are processing your personal information and to access that personal information;
to delete your personal information;
to obtain a copy of the personal information you have provided to us; and
to request a refusal to allow us to process your personal information for the purposes of (i) personalized advertising, or (ii) selling your personal information.
As set forth in the UCPA you have the right to exercise the above rights without discrimination.
You may exercise your rights to personal information as described above by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com
. If you fail to provide valid information for our effective feedback, etc. when exercising your rights as described above, we may deny your right to exercise your rights. If you have any dispute on such denial, you may raise such dispute by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com
.
If you are a resident of the State of Oregon in the United States, effective July 1, 2024, you may exercise the following personal information rights with us.
a. to confirm whether we are processing your personal information and to access that personal information;
b. to obtain a list of third parties to whom we disclose personal information;
c. to correct any inaccuracies in your personal information;
d. to delete your personal information;
e. to obtain a copy of the personal information you have provided to us; and
f. to request a refusal to allow us to process your personal information for the purposes of (i) personalized advertising, (ii) selling your personal information, or (iii) user profiling that has significant legal or similar implications for you.
As set forth in the OCPA you have the right to exercise the above rights without discrimination.
You may (i) exercise your rights to personal information as described above by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com
and (ii) click on this
link
to refuse personalized advertising, refuse the sale of your personal information, and refuse user profiles that have a significant legal or similar impact on you. If you fail to provide valid information for our effective feedback, etc. when exercising your rights as described above, we may deny your right to exercise your rights. If you have any dispute on such denial, you may raise such dispute by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com
.
If you are in the mainland areas of China, you have the following rights related to your personal information except when laws and administrative regulations otherwise provide.
(1)Right to be informed, right to decide and right to restrict or refuse processing of your personal information.
(2)Right to access and copy your personal information except in special circumstance provided by law.
(3)Right to request to transfer your personal information to another data handler.
(4)Right to request to revise and supplement your personal information when you notice that the personal information we process is inaccurate or incomplete.
(5)Right to delete your personal information in the following circumstances:
Where the purpose of processing has been achieved or is unable to be achieved, or the personal information is no longer necessary for achieving the purpose of processing;
Where Mintegral ceases the provision of its product or service involved, or the retention period has expired;
Where consent is withdrawn by the User;
Where the processing of personal information by Mintegral is in violation of any law, administrative regulations or any agreement; or
Any other circumstance as provided by law or administrative regulations.
If it is technically difficult to delete the personal information, Mintegral shall cease the processing of the personal information, except for the storage and any necessary measure taken for security protection.
(6)For the algorithmic services we provide, you have the right to select or delete user tags for your personal characteristics used for such services.
(7)You have the right to request an explanation of this Policy.
You can contact us via
privacy@mintegral.com
and request your data rights.
Setting about Personalized Ads
If you are in the mainland areas of China, you can manage Mintegral’s ads your see and set for the personalized ads by clicking
here
.
No matter you are in which country or region, you can opt out personalized ads in the following way:
Guidance of Opt out
You can opt-out from receiving interest-based advertising or behavioural advertising from Mintegral on supported devices following the guideline below.
On an iOS device, if you are using iOS 14.5 or above, you can click on "Ask the App Not to Track" in the app's asking pop-up window or manage your "Tracking" settings in [Settings] - [Privacy] . If you ask the App not to track, Mintegral will not access your advertising identifiers and will not use advertising identifiers to infer your interests or serve advertisements to target devices based on your inferred interests.
On Android devices, your settings may allow you to “Opt out of Interest-Based Ads.” When you opt out using this setting on a device, Mintegral will not use information collected from that device to infer your interests or serve ads to that device that are targeted based on your inferred interests.
You can also manage your personalized advertising settings by clicking on the [Settings] section of the mobile app you have downloaded to find privacy-related settings. If you choose not to allow personalized advertising, Mintegral will not use information collected from your device to infer your interests or serve ads to target devices based on inferred interests.
Your mobile web browser may also provide a “Do Not Track” browser setting. When you have enabled this setting in your browser, Mintegral will not use mobile web browsing information from that browser to infer your interests or serve ads to that device that are targeting based on your inferred interests.
8. Security of Users’ Personal Information
The security of User’s information is our utmost priority, and we take strict measures in order to protect our data from unauthorized access, use, disclosure or destruction of data. We have implemented physical, technical and administrative security measures for the Services that comply with applicable laws and industry standards. For example, we use firewalls, encryption technology and other automated software designed to protect against fraud and identity theft; our data is only stored in centers that provide high-level security for User’s information. Physical access is strictly controlled both at the perimeter and at building ingress points by our staff utilizing video surveillance and other electronic means. We will establish a dedicated security team, security management system, and data security process to safeguard the security of your personal information. We adopt a strict data use and access system to ensure that only authorized personnel have access to your personal information, and conduct security audits of data and technology when appropriate. We will develop emergency handling plans and activate them immediately in the event of a user information security incident, in an effort to prevent the expansion of the impact and consequences of such security incidents. Once a user information security incident (leakage, loss, etc.) has occurred, we will promptly inform you in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations.
We also protect User’s privacy by seeking to minimize the amount of sensitive data that we store on our servers in the first place. We also seek appropriate contractual protection from our partners regarding their treatment of user data.
At present, Mintegral programmatic interactive advertising platform has passed the national information security level protection (Level 3) assessment and record, and passed the international authoritative ISO27001 information security certification and SOC 2 Type 1 and Type 2 audits. mintegral also passed the ePrivacy privacy protection certification of the famous European privacy protection certification agency Mintegral has also been certified by the kidSAFE Seal Program under the U.S. Children's Online Privacy Protection Act, which means that Mintegral's programmatic interactive advertising platform is certified as compliant with GDPR regulations and effective in safeguarding user privacy. Mintegral has been certified by TrustArc, an authoritative privacy and security certification authority, as compliant with CPPA requirements for Mintegral's handling of customer and end-user personal data, further demonstrating that Mintegral's services provide comprehensive privacy protection for customers and end-device users. Users provide comprehensive privacy protection.
Mintegral participates in the IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework and complies with its Specifications and Policies, Mintegral’s identification number within the framework is [Vendor ID: 867].
Mintegral may retain the information relating to you collected from our Business Partners as necessary for the provision of the services, internal analytical purposes, or to comply with its legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce agreements (e.g. settlement). We will only keep your personal information for as long as necessary and in any event in relation to personal information collected by us according to this Policy we will only keep this personal information for no more than two (2) years. The criteria used to determine the retention periods include: (i) how long the personal data is needed to provide the services and operate the business; (ii) the type of personal data collected; and (iii) whether we are subject to a legal, contractual or similar obligation to retain the data (e.g., mandatory data retention laws, government orders to preserve data relevant to an investigation, or data that must be retained for the purposes of litigation or disputes).
9. Protection for Minors
Mintegral’s service is not mainly for minors. If a User is deemed as minor under applicable law, please make sure that before the use of the application which integrates Mintegral’s product or service or the application of an advertiser that partners with Mintegral for delivering its ads, parents or other guardian and such User have together read the application’s privacy policy with the guardianship and guiding of parents or other guardian, and their consent have been provided for processing of personal information.
We process minor’s personal information according to requirements of related laws and regulations. Except as otherwise provided by law, we will only collect, use, store, disclose, or make available to the public the personal information where permitted by law, with consent of parents or other guardians, or for the necessity of protection of the minors. If we notice the collection of personal information of minors without verifiable consent of parents, we will take measures to delete related information as soon as possible.
If you are parents or other guardian of minors, please contact us via the email we provide in this Policy when you have any question regarding to the protection of minors.
If you are Users in the U.S., we ensure that we comply with COPPA. If our business partners (such as Publishers) operate apps directed to children under the age of thirteen (13) or knowingly collect, use or disclose personal information of children under the age of thirteen (13) during our cooperation, they will obtain verifiable parental consent for Mintegral to collect, use or disclose such personal information according to this Policy. Further, such business partners must enable the COPPA settings when using the Mintegral Services. This allows Mintegral to ensure that any persistent identifiers collected about Users of apps that are flagged as “child-directed” will be processed according to the requirements of COPPA, including not being used to serve behaviorally-targeted ads or track users for such purposes in violation of COPPA. In addition, we will not knowingly collect any other personal information (such as the precise geo-location of Users’ devices) from Users of Apps that we know to be directed to children under the age of thirteen (13).
If you are Users in California U.S.,we ensure that we comply with CCPA. We will not sell or conduct targeted advertising with the data of consumers under the age of 16, unless there is explicit opt-in consent. If the request for consent is declined, we will not ask again for 12 months. Minors under the age of 13 must get permission from a parent or guardian to opt-in.
If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should promptly contact us and we take reasonable steps to ensure that such information is deleted from our files.
10. Marketing
If you are our Business Partners, we or our affiliates may contact you periodically by e-mail to provide information regarding our products, services and content that may be of interest to you. If applicable law requires that we receive your consent before we send you certain types of marketing communications, we will only send you those types of communications after receiving your consent.
If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive such communications from us, you may follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of the communications or request to be opted-out of receiving such communications via email to
privacy@mintegral.com
11. Contact Us
If you are located in mainland China, you can (i) send a written request to privacy@mintegral.com or send written documents to the following address: Legal Department, Room 4312, No. 222 Xingmin Road, Tianhe District, Guangzhou, Guangdong Province, China.
If you are located outside mainland China, you can (i) contact our DPO by sending a written request to privacy@mintegral.com. You can also contact our data protection representative in the EEA, Eurocore B.V., with address: Hullenbergweg 278, 1101BV Amsterdam.
Privacy Policy of Mintegral Website
1. Introduction
This Privacy Policy of Mintegral Website applies to information collection and use including while you are visiting and using the Mintegral Site. According to the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), Mintegral is the data controller of your personal information.
2. What Information We Collect
As you navigate through this Mintegral Site, we may collect information include:
(1)
personal information you voluntarily provide (for example, names, birth dates, numbers or copies of your personal ID card/passport/social security card/driver's license/other license, addresses, telephone numbers, E-mail addresses, occupations, education, work experience, account log-in information, debit or credit card or other payment account information and related information).
Among them, numbers or copies of your personal ID card/passport/social security card/driver's license/other license may constitute sensitive personal information under the definition of CCPA; debit or credit card or other collection account information may constitute sensitive personal information under the definition of CCPA and China Personal Information Protection Law.
(2) s
ome information that are not voluntarily provided such as your browser type, domain name, IP address, pages visited, and the length of your user session using various technologies and means, such as Internet Protocol Address, cookies, Internet Tags and navigational data collection.
Mintegral is entitled to take measures to validate the authenticity of personal information you provide.
If you give us personal information of somebody else, you should warrant that you have gained their permission to do so.
If you are located in mainland China, we may use the Baidu Statistics Service provided by Baidu.com to help us analyze our website usage and help improve the quality of our website services. For more information about the information collected by Baidu's statistical services and its data processing activities, please visit:
Here
If you are located outside of mainland China, We may also use Google Analysis that assists us with analysing the usage of our website and help to improve the service quality of our website. For the personal information that may be collected by Google Analysis and its processing activities, please visit:
Here
3. How We Use Your Information
Based on your consent or based on our legitimate interests, we may use your personal information for the following purposes: (i) to provide you with Mintegral’s products or services or information; (ii) to sign you up for an event or training; (iii) to contact you and respond to your requests and enquiries; (iv) for business administration, including statistical analysis; (v) to personalize your visit to the Mintegral Site and to assist you while you use the Site; (vi) to improve the Mintegral Site by helping us understand who uses the Site; or (vii) to periodically provide you with information about our products and services and content that may be of interest to you by email.
If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive such communications from us, you may follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of the emails or request to be opted-out of receiving such communications via email to
privacy@mintegral.com
4. Disclosure of Your Personal Information
Subject to compliance with applicable laws and regulations, we may disclose User’s personal information to
Mintegral’s Affiliates
and other third parties.
We may use
Third-party Technology Service Providers
to provide us with services who may have access to your personal information, including
companies
that assist with technical aspects of hosting and operating the Mintegral Site, technical service provider  that assists with analyzing the usage of our website, or email service provider.
(please see our
Cookies Policy
for details).
Except as expressly stated in this Policy, according to the Personal Information Protection Law of the People's Republic of China, we will not disclose User’s personal information to any third party without User’s consent.
We may also share aggregate or anonymous information with other third parties in accordance with the terms of this Policy.
We may disclose users' personal information to our affiliates for the purposes set out in this Policy or to promote the products or services of our affiliates to users.
The servers used in the operation of the Mintegral Site automatically identify a computer by its IP address. Although, we will not be able to identify the computer using its IP address once you have left the Mintegral Site. If we, in good faith, determine that you have or are attempting to misuse or harm the Site, we may investigate and cooperate with appropriate law enforcement agencies to protect our rights or property.
Similarly, we may share your personal information as required or permitted by law to comply with a subpoena or similar legal process or government request, or when we believe in good faith that disclosure is legally required or otherwise necessary to protect our rights and property, or the rights, property or safety of others, including to advisers, law enforcement agencies, judicial and regulatory authorities. We may also transfer your personal information to a third party that acquires all or part of our assets or shares, or that succeeds us in carrying on all or a part of our business, whether by merger, acquisition, reorganization or otherwise.
5. International Transfers
When you are located in the European Econocim Area (“EEA”), personal information collected about you will be transferred to recipients in countries located outside the EEA or can be remotely accessed in countries located outside the EEA, including in countries which may not be decided by the European Commission that it provides an adequate level of protection to personal information. We have followed requirements as set out in applicable law to provide adequate protection to your personal data. To the extent as required by applicable law, our Business Partner will obtain your valid consent
to the extent for us to transfer your personal information to recipients including Mintegral’s affiliates and any other recipients as described in this Policy, which are located outside the EEA.
You are entitled to withdraw your consent at any time.
Mintegral has entered into EU standard contractual clauses (
“Model Contracts”
) for intra-group transfers of personal information to its affiliates. You can request a copy of these Model Contracts by submitting your request via email to
privacy@mintegral.com
If you are located in the mainland areas of China, we store your personal information inside the mainland areas of China.
We will not transfer your personal information outside of the mainland areas of China.
6. Your Data Rights
You have the right to access, modify, correct or delete any personal data which we may have collected. To exercise this right please contact privacy
privacy@mintegral.com
If you are in the EEA, you have a right to (subject to a limited number of exceptions): (i) request access to and rectification or erasure of your personal information; (ii) obtain restriction of processing or to object to processing of your personal information; and (iii) ask for a copy of your personal information to be provided to them, or a third party, in a digital format. You also have the right to lodge a complaint about the processing of your personal information with your local data protection authority in the EEA.
If you are residents of the State of California in the United States, you can request the following information about how we have collected and used your personal information during the past 12 months:
The categories of Personal Information we have collected.
The categories of sources from which we collected the Personal Information.
The business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling or sharing Personal Information.
The categories of third parties with whom we disclose the Personal Information.
The categories of Personal Information that we sold, shared or disclosed for a business purpose.
The categories of third parties to whom the Personal Information was sold, shared or disclosed for a business purpose.
Access. You can request a copy of the Personal Information that we have collected about you during the past 12 months.
You can ask us to delete the Personal Information that we have collected from you.
You can ask us to correct inaccuracies of your Personal Information.
You are entitled to exercise the rights described above free from discrimination as prohibited by the CCPA.You may (i) submit requests to exercise your California privacy rights described above by writing to us at:
privacy@mintegral.com
or send a written document to the following address: Legal Department, Room 4312, No. 222-3 Xingmin Road, Tianhe District, Guangzhou City, Guangdong Province, China; (ii) opt out of selling
or sharing
of your data by clicking on the following link:
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY DATA
and (iii) submit requests to restrict the use of your sensitive Personal Information by writing to us at:
privacy@mintegral.com
.
When you submit a request we will verify your request by the information you provide (e.g. device ID, company email) according to our internal guidelines. You may designate an authorized agent to make a request to know or a request to delete your personal information by providing the authorized agent written permission to do so; and by verifying your own identity with us directly.  We will deny any requests from agents that do not submit proof of authorization. For request metrics as designated by the CCPA, please see
here
.
For clarity, we do not sell or share (as defined under the CCPA) your Personal Information.
You can also find a list of the categories of Personal Information that we collect and details regarding the sources from which we obtain Personal Information in the “
What Information We Collect
” section above. We collect and use personal information for the business or commercial purposes described in the “
How We Use Your Personal Information
” section above.
If you are (i) a resident of the State of Virginia in the United States, effective January 1, 2023, (ii) a resident of the State of Colorado in the United States, effective July 1, 2023, (iii) a resident of the State of Connecticut in the United States, effective July 1, 2023, or (iv) a resident of the State of Texas in the United States, effective July 1, 2024, you may exercise the following personal information rights with us:
to confirm whether we are processing your personal information and to access that personal information;
to correct any inaccuracies in your personal information;
to delete your personal information;
to obtain a copy of the personal information you have provided to us; and
to request a refusal to allow us to process your personal information for the purposes of (i) personalized advertising, (ii) selling your personal information, or (iii) user profiling that has significant legal or similar implications for you.
As set forth in the VCDPA,
CPA, CDPA
, and
TDPSA
you have the right to exercise the above rights without discrimination.
You may (i) exercise your rights to personal information as described above by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com
and (ii) click on this
link
to refuse personalized advertising, refuse the sale of your personal information, and refuse user profiles that have a significant legal or similar impact on you. If you fail to provide valid information for our effective feedback, etc. when exercising your rights as described above, we may deny your right to exercise your rights. If you have any dispute on such denial, you may raise such dispute by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com
.
If you are a resident of the State of Utah in the United States, effective December 31, 2023, you may exercise the following personal information rights with us.
to confirm whether we are processing your personal information and to access that personal information;
to delete your personal information;
to obtain a copy of the personal information you have provided to us; and
to request a refusal to allow us to process your personal information for the purposes of (i) personalized advertising, or (ii) selling your personal information.
As set forth in the UCPA you have the right to exercise the above rights without discrimination.
You may exercise your rights to personal information as described above by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com.
If you fail to provide valid information for our effective feedback, etc. when exercising your rights as described above, we may deny your right to exercise your rights. If you have any dispute on such denial, you may raise such dispute by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com.
If you are a resident of the State of Oregon in the United States, effective July 1, 2024, you may exercise the following personal information rights with us.
to confirm whether we are processing your personal information and to access that personal information;
to obtain a list of third parties to whom we disclose personal information;
to correct any inaccuracies in your personal information;
to delete your personal information;
to obtain a copy of the personal information you have provided to us; and
to request a refusal to allow us to process your personal information for the purposes of (i) personalized advertising, (ii) selling your personal information, or (iii) user profiling that has significant legal or similar implications for you.
As set forth in the OCPA you have the right to exercise the above rights without discrimination.
You may (i) exercise your rights to personal information as described above by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com
and (ii) click on this
link
to refuse personalized advertising, refuse the sale of your personal information, and refuse user profiles that have a significant legal or similar impact on you. If you fail to provide valid information for our effective feedback, etc. when exercising your rights as described above, we may deny your right to exercise your rights. If you have any dispute on such denial, you may raise such dispute by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com
.
If you are in the mainland areas of China, you have the following rights related to your personal information except when laws and administrative regulations otherwise provide.
(1)Right to be informed, right to decide and right to restrict or refuse processing of your personal information.(2)Right to access and copy your personal information except in special circumstance provided by law.(3)Right to request to transfer your personal information to another data handler.(4)Right to request to revise and supplement your personal information when you notice that the personal information we process is inaccurate or incomplete.(5)Right to delete your personal information in the following circumstances:
Where the purpose of processing has been achieved or is unable to be achieved, or the personal information is no longer necessary for achieving the purpose of processing;
Where Mintegral ceases the provision of its product or service involved, or the retention period has expired;
Where consent is withdrawn by the User;
Where the processing of personal information by Mintegral is in violation of any law, administrative regulations or any agreement; or
Any other circumstance as provided by law or administrative regulations.
If it is technically difficult to delete the personal information, Mintegral shall cease the processing of the personal information, except for the storage and any necessary measure taken for security protection.
(6)You have the right to request an explain of this Policy.
You can contact us via
privacy@mintegral.com
and request your data rights.
7. Security of Your Personal Information
The security of User’s information is our utmost priority, and we take strict measures in order to protect our data from unauthorized access, use, disclosure or destruction of data. We have implemented physical, technical and administrative security measures for the Services that comply with applicable laws and industry standards. For example, we use firewalls, encryption technology and other automated software designed to protect against fraud and identity theft; our data is only stored in centers that provide high-level security for User’s information. Physical access is strictly controlled both at the perimeter and at building ingress points by our staff utilizing video surveillance and other electronic means.
We also protect User’s privacy by seeking to minimize the amount of sensitive data that we store on our servers in the first place. We also seek appropriate contractual protection from our partners regarding their treatment of user data.
We will only keep your personal information for as long as necessary and in any event in relation to personal information collected by us on the Site we will only keep this personal information for one (1) year. For personal information collected via Google Analytics the following retention periods apply:
Here
8. Protection of Minors
The Site does not knowingly collect any personal information from minors. The personal information of any minor you provide shall be agreed by the minor’s parent or guardian in advance. Minor is defined in accordance with the laws applicable to this Policy of Mintegral Website.
We process minor’s personal information according to requirements of related laws and regulations. Except as otherwise provided by law, we will only collect, use, store, disclose, or make available to the public the personal information where permitted by law, with consent of parents or other guardians, or for the necessity of protection of the minors. If we notice the collection of personal information of minors without verifiable consent of parents, we will take measures to delete related information as soon as possible.
If you are parents or other guardian of minors, please contact us via the email we provide in this Policy when you have any question regarding to the protection of minors.
If you are Users in the U.S., we ensure that we comply with COPPA. If our business partners (such as Publishers) operate apps directed to children under the age of thirteen (13) or knowingly collect, use or disclose personal information of children under the age of thirteen (13) during our cooperation, they will obtain verifiable parental consent for Mintegral to collect, use or disclose such personal information according to this Policy. Further, such business partners must enable the COPPA settings when using the Mintegral Services. This allows Mintegral to ensure that any persistent identifiers collected about Users of apps that are flagged as “child-directed” will be processed according to the requirements of COPPA, including not being used to serve behaviorally-targeted ads or track users for such purposes in violation of COPPA. In addition, we will not knowingly collect any other personal information (such as the precise geo-location of Users’ devices) from Users of Apps that we know to be directed to children under the age of thirteen (13).
If you are Users in California U.S.,we ensure that we comply with CCPA. We will not sell or conduct targeted advertising with the data of consumers under the age of 16, unless there is explicit opt-in consent. If the request for consent is declined, we will not ask again for 12 months. Minors under the age of 13 must get permission from a parent or guardian to opt-in.
If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should promptly contact us and we take reasonable steps to ensure that such information is deleted from our files.
9. Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
Mintegral may use cookies or other technology (collectively “Cookies”) to collect certain information about you when you are visiting the Site. Please read our
Cookies Policy
for more details.
10. Outside Sites and Linking
The Site may contain links and pointers to other sites on the Internet that are owned or operated by third party vendors and other third parties (the “
Outside Sites
“). Mintegral is not responsible for the availability of, or the content located on or through, any Outside Site, including any webcasting or other form of transmission received from any Outside Sites. You should contact the site administrator or Webmaster for those Outside Sites if you have any concerns regarding such links or the content located on such Outside Sites. Mintegral permits certain third party links to the home page of its Site, provided that Mintegral is provided with notice of such links and does not thereafter object to such linking. Mintegral a reserves the right to revoke unilaterally any consent that it may at any time give to any linkage, including linkages to the home page. The Outside Sites are being provided to you only as a convenience and any link or pointer contained on this Site does not imply endorsement of the Outside Sites.
11. Copyright
All Site content, design, text, graphics, images, logos, buttons, icons, interfaces, audio and video clips, and the selection and arrangements thereof are the exclusive property of Mintegral, or its respective content providers, and are protected by Hong Kong SAR and international copyright laws. All software used on the Site is the property of Mintegral or its respective software suppliers, and such software is protected by Hong Kong SAR and international copyright laws and other applicable laws and treaties. Users of this Site shall not transmit/post any information to this Site that infringes the copyright or other intellectual property rights of others.
12. Trademarks
All trademarks, service marks and trade names used on the Site (collectively the “Marks“) are solely owned by Mintegral. The Marks may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not a product or service of Mintegral or that is likely to cause confusion among customers, or that in any manner disparages or discredits Mintegral.
13. Online Conduct
Any conduct by a person that in Mintegral ‘s sole discretion restricts or inhibits any other person from using or enjoying the Site, is prohibited. You agree to use the Site only for lawful purposes and in accordance with that prohibition. You agree that you will not post on the Site or transmit any unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, sexually explicit, profane, hateful, racially, ethnically, or otherwise objectionable material of any kind, including, but not limited to, any material that encourages conduct that would constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability or otherwise violate any applicable local, state, national, or international law.
14. Termination of Usage
Mintegral may, without incurring any liability to you, terminate access by you or suspend any access to all or part of the Site, without notice, for any conduct that Mintegral, in its sole discretion, believes is in violation of any applicable law or this Agreement, or is harmful to the interests of another user, a third-party, a merchant, a sponsor, a licensor, a service provider, or the Site.
Due to the rapidly evolving technologies on the Internet, we may occasionally update this Policy. All revisions will be posted to this website
www.mintegral.com
15. Contact Us
If you are located in mainland China, you can (i) send a written request to privacy@mintegral.com or send written documents to the following address: Legal Department, Room 4312, No. 222 Xingmin Road, Tianhe District, Guangzhou, Guangdong Province, China.
If you are located outside mainland China, you can (i) contact our DPO by sending a written request to privacy@mintegral.com. You can also contact our data protection representative in the EEA, Eurocore B.V., with address: Hullenbergweg 278, 1101BV Amsterdam.
Contact Mintegral
boost your mobile growth
如您是中国大陆用户，请点击按钮切换网页站点，以获得更好的浏览体验
确定
By clicking “Agree”, you agree to our use of tools to send you marketing information and to record and analyse your browsing behaviors. For more details, please see "Customise Settings".
Agree
Customise Settings
Sub-policy 17
http://privacy.molocoads.com/:
New insights!
Unlock global growth with Beyond Borders: Mobile Gaming Insights for Global Growth.
ACCESS FREE REPORT
Products
products
Grow your users through performance advertising
Moloco Ads (Moloco Cloud DSP)
Monetize your commerce platform
Moloco Commerce Media (Retail Media Platform)
Launch a full-funnel advertising business
Moloco Streaming Monetization
Solutions
SOLUTIONS
For Mobile App Marketers
For Agency Partners
For Commerce Platforms
For Streaming Platforms
Resources
resources
Blog
Reports
Case Studies
Events
Moloco Ads Developer Hub
Moloco Ads Help Center
Commerce Media Developer Hub
Company
company
About Moloco
Careers
Newsroom
Solutions
Solutions
Moloco Ads (Moloco Cloud DSP)
Grow your app on the open internet
Moloco Commerce Media (Retail Media Platform)
Turn online retail and marketplaces into a thriving ads business
Moloco Streaming Monetization
Future-proof your streaming ad platform
Resources
resources
Blog
Reports
Case Studies
Events
Moloco Ads Developer Hub
Moloco Ads Help Center
Commerce Media Developer Hub
Company
company
About Moloco
Careers
Newsroom
Solutions
Solutions
For Marketers
Moloco Ads - Grow your app on the open internet
For Publishers
Moloco SDK - Maximize your app's revenue
For Retailers/Marketplaces
Moloco Commerce Media - Build your own performance ads business
For Streaming Platforms
Moloco Streaming Monetization - Future-proof your streaming ads platform
Solutions
Solutions
For Marketers
For Publishers
For Retailers/Marketplaces
For Streaming Platforms
Moloco Ads
Grow your app on the open internet
Moloco Ads for Agencies
Case studies, blogs, reports
Moloco Ads Developer Hub
Moloco Ads Help Center
Moloco SDK
Maximize your app's revenue
Case studies, blogs, reports
Moloco SDK Help Center
Moloco Commerce Media
Build your own performance ads business
Case studies, blogs, reports
Commerce Media GrowthU
Commerce Media Developer Hub
Moloco Streaming
Future-proof your streaming ads platform
Case studies, blogs, reports
Resources
resources
Blog
Reports
Case Studies
Events
Moloco Help Center
Moloco Ads Developer Hub
Commerce Media Developer Hub
Commerce Media GrowthU
Company
company
About Moloco
Careers
Newsroom
English
한국어
简体中文
日本語
Français
Deutsch
Contact us
Join us as Moloco takes the stage for Advertising Week NYC 2024, Oct 7-10
English
한국어
简体中文
日本語
Français
Deutsch
Products
Grow your users through performance advertising
Moloco Ads (Moloco Cloud DSP)
Monetize your commerce platform
Moloco Commerce Media (Retail Media Platform)
Launch a full-funnel advertising business
Moloco Streaming Monetization
Solutions
For Mobile App Marketers
For Agency Partners
For Commerce Platforms
For Streaming Platforms
Solutions
Moloco Ads
Grow your app on the open internet
Moloco Commerce Media
Turn online retail and marketplaces into a thriving ads business
Moloco Streaming Monetization
Future-proof your streaming ad platform
Solutions
For Marketers
Moloco Ads - Grow your app on the open internet
For Publishers
Moloco SDK - Maximize your app's revenue
For Retailer/Marketplaces
Moloco Commerce Media - Build your own performance ads business
For Streaming Platforms
Moloco Streaming Monetization - Future-proof your streaming ads platform
Solutions
Back
Moloco Ads
Grow your app on the open internet
Moloco Ads for Agencies
Case studies, blogs, reports
Moloco Ads Developer Hub
Moloco Ads Help Center
Back
Moloco SDK
Maximize your app's revenue
Case studies, blogs, reports
Moloco SDK Help Center
Back
Moloco Commerce Media
Build your own performance ads business
Case studies, blogs, reports
Commerce Media GrowthU+
Commerce Media Developer Hub
Back
Moloco Streaming Monetization
Future-proof your streaming ads platform
Case studies, blogs, reports
For Marketers
For Publishers
For Retailer/Marketplaces
For Streaming Platforms
Resources
Blog
Reports
Case Studies
Events
Moloco Help Center
Moloco Ads Developer Hub
Commerce Media Developer Hub
Commerce Media GrowthU
Company
About Moloco
Careers
Newsroom
Contact us
Machine learning-powered performance advertising solutions
LEARN MORE
Moloco Commerce Media (Retail Media Platform)
Maximize profit with on-site ads for retailers and marketplace
Take control of your ad business with a flexible on-site ad platform that uses advanced machine learning to drive performance, automation, and scale.
LEARN MORE
Moloco Ads (Moloco Cloud DSP)
Grow your app faster on the open internet
Find new users and new growth for your app by leveraging your first-party data where people spend more of their time online.
LEARN MORE
Moloco Streaming Monetization
Set up a full-funnel advertising business
Transform your advertising business to deliver outcomes for any advertiser goal and maximize the value of every user.
LEARN MORE
Designed for performance
Optimize for your unique goals with accurate predictions based on real-time, first-party data.
Outcomes at scale
Acquire users and monetize at scale, regardless of budget, campaign, and geography.
Full adaptability
Our models update in real-time to maximize performance and adapt to policy changes.
ABOUT MOLOCO
VIEW CAREERS
data measurement Partners
certifications
“Moloco’s results speak for themselves and we’ve been with them ever since. Not only are we happy with the results that Moloco is consistently delivering but we also have developed a level of trust that Moloco does the right things to optimize our campaign and maximize our budget.”
Rob Finch
Senior Director of Paid Media, Fetch Rewards
“No one provides better data-driven solutions than Moloco. Whether for programmatic user acquisition, in-house control of data, or as a fully managed service, Moloco's machine learning solutions give mobile businesses the edge they need.”
Maxim Kirilenko
Chief Business Development Officer, Playrix
“Moloco’s results speak for themselves and we’ve been with them ever since. Not only are we happy with the results that Moloco is consistently delivering but we also have developed a level of trust that Moloco does the right things to optimize our campaign and maximize our budget.”
Rob Finch
Senior Director of Paid Media, Fetch Rewards
“No one provides better data-driven solutions than Moloco. Their machine learning power gives mobile businesses the edge they need to scale.”
Maxim Kirilenko
Chief Business Development Officer at Playrix
Blog
Moloco in the Lion City: A hub for collaboration and connection
Reports
Valuable users can be found in unexpected places. For many mobile gaming marketers, it can feel comfortable to focus on familiar regions where they may have seen success in the past. However, new research suggests that stepping outside of the comfort zone can offer marketers an opportunity to rethink user acquisition strategies and unlock incremental growth.
Success Stories
Krafton collaborated with Moloco to drive CookieRun India’s success through CTV advertising on LG Channels. This partnership showcased CTV as an effective complementary channel to app campaigns, boosting not only brand exposure but also the acquisition of new, high-value users.
Get in touch
Publisher name
*
Search by app or company name...
Business Email
*
First name
*
Last name
*
Country / Region
*
Please Select
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia (Plurinational State of)
Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cabo Verde
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Congo (Democratic Republic of the)
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cuba
Curaçao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Côte d’Ivoire
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestine
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
Réunion
Saint Barthélemy
Saint Helena
Saint Kitts And Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and The Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Sint Maarten (Dutch part)
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
South Korea
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Unknown
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands (British)
Virgin Islands (U.S.)
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Åland Islands
Which option best describes you?
*
Please Select
Mobile App Advertiser interested in machine-learning advertising
Ad Agency interested in agency partner program
Marketplace or Retailer interested in building a commerce media ads platform
Streaming company interested in a building a streaming ads server
Publisher interested in SDK (priority list)
Other
Company name
*
UTM Medium
UTM Content
UTM Campaign
UTM Term
UTM Source
Anything else?
Moloco is committed to respecting your privacy, and we’ll only use your personal information for the purposes set forth in our Privacy Policy. From time to time, we would like to contact you about our products and services, as well as other content that may be of interest to you. If you consent to us contacting you for this purpose, please tick the box below:
I agree to receive updates, marketing, and other communications from Moloco.
You can unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information on how to unsubscribe, our privacy practices, and how we are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy, please review our
Privacy Policy
.
By clicking submit you consent to receive updates, marketing, and other communications from Moloco.
Subscribe to the Moloco newsletter
Email
*
UTM Medium
UTM Content
UTM Campaign
UTM Term
UTM Source
Moloco, Inc. and its entities (collectively, “Moloco”) will use the information you provide on this form to provide marketing content. You can unsubscribe by clicking the "unsubscribe" link in the footer of any marketing email you receive from us, or by contacting us at privacy@moloco.com. For more information about our privacy practices, go to: https://www.moloco.com/privacy-policy.
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Cookies Settings
Reject All
Accept All Cookies
Your Privacy
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Performance Cookies
Functional Cookies
Targeting Cookies
Your Privacy
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Back Button
Cookie List
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Sub-policy 18
https://www.pangleglobal.com/privacy:
Home
/
Privacy and Terms
Pangle Partner Data Privacy Policy
Pangle Partner Data Privacy Policy
Pangle End User Data Privacy Policy
Pangle End User Data Privacy Policy
パートナーデータプライバシーポリシー
パートナーデータプライバシーポリシー
エンドユーザーデータプライバシーポリシー
エンドユーザーデータプライバシーポリシー
Pangle 파트너 개인정보처리방침
Pangle 파트너 개인정보처리방침
최종 사용자 개인정보처리방침
최종 사용자 개인정보처리방침
合作夥伴資料隱私權政策
合作夥伴資料隱私權政策
終端使用者資料隱私權政策
終端使用者資料隱私權政策
Política de Privacidade de Dados do Parceiro Pangle
Política de Privacidade de Dados do Parceiro Pangle
Política de Privacidade de Dados do Usuário Final Pangle
Política de Privacidade de Dados do Usuário Final Pangle
Política de Privacidad de Datos del Socio Pangle
Política de Privacidad de Datos del Socio Pangle
Política de Privacidad de Datos del Usuario Final de Pangle
Política de Privacidad de Datos del Usuario Final de Pangle
Politique de protection des données des partenaires de Pangle
Politique de protection des données des partenaires de Pangle
Politique de protection des données de l’utilisateur final de Pangle
Politique de protection des données de l’utilisateur final de Pangle
Pangle Publisher Agreement
Pangle Publisher Agreement
EEA/SWISS/UK SPECIFIC DATA TERMS (“DATA TERMS”)
EEA/SWISS/UK SPECIFIC DATA TERMS (“DATA TERMS”)
Pangle Partner Data Privacy Policy
The Pangle Partner Data Privacy Policy applies to personal data that we process through Pangle (as defined below), where you access our site because you are already a partner of ours or are interested in becoming a partner of ours (“Partner”). For this purpose we define you as a “Account Holder”. This privacy policy will also apply if you are a visitor to this site for non-Account-holder purposes and you are not an end-user who interacts with Pangle through our Partners  mobile applications and/or websites that have integrated Pangle s advertising platform (“End User”). For this purpose we define you as a “Site Visitor”.
Last updated: 23 July 2021
I. Who we are and who this applies to
I.1 We are Bytedance Pte. Ltd., a company incorporated in Singapore whose registered office is at 1 Raffles Quay, #26-10 ,Singapore 048583 (" we", "our" or " us"). This Pangle Partner Data Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") explains who we are, how we collect, process, store, use, transfer, share and disclose ("process") personal data about you, and how you can exercise your data privacy rights.
I.2 For Account Holders: By clicking the "Agree" button during the registration process, you acknowledge that you have read and understood this Privacy Policy and that you agree to and, where applicable, give consent for us to process your personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
I.3 For Site Visitors: By accessing and using this site, you acknowledge that you have read and understood this Privacy Policy and that you agree to and, where applicable, give consent for us to process your personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please refrain from using the site.
I.4 If you have any questions or concerns about our processing of your personal data, please contact us using the contact details provided at the bottom of this Privacy Policy.
II. What is Pangle
II.1 Pangle is a mobile advertising platform, including support systems and services operated by Bytedance ("Pangle"). Pangle enables advertisers to serve advertisements on third party mobile applications and/or websites. We process personal data of Account Holders as described in this Privacy Policy.
III. What personal data we process
III.1 The types of personal data that we process depend on the circumstances of collection and on the nature of the services requested or transaction undertaken for our Partners.
III.2 When you create an Account with Pangle, we process certain information about you. This information may be collected directly from you or your authorised representatives, or when you interact with Pangle (for example, in the course of obtaining services from Pangle).
III.3 To register as an Account Holder, we require certain personal data from you. If you choose not to provide such data, you may not be able to utilize the services provided by us.
III.4 The information that we process about you may include some or all of the following categories:
a. Identity and contact information: We may process identity information that you provide to us when registering for an Account or using our services, such as your name, email address, contact number and address and bank account details. If you are an individual, we may also process your government-issued tax identification number in accordance with applicable laws.
b. Account information: We may process information about you which is associated with your Account, such as your username and password and IP address.
c. Newsletter details: If you sign up to receive our newsletter, we may process certain personal data about you which you provide to us when signing up for the newsletter. This includes your name, email address, company name and job title.
d. Information we collect automatically: We automatically collect certain information from you when you visit the Pangle website. Such information includes:
i. Identifiers and device information. We automatically log your IP address and collect information regarding the device you are using to visit the Pangle website such as the model of your device, your browser information, system language setting, your screen resolution and operating system.
ii. Usage data. We automatically log your activity on the Pangle website, including the content you view on the Pangle website, how long you spent viewing such content, the URL of the website from which you came to our site, and other details about your use of and actions on the Pangle website.
iii. Location data. We collect information about your location based on your IP address.
e. Cookies: We use strictly necessary Cookies that are required for the operation of the Pangle website. They include, for example, Cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of the Pangle website. We also use analytical/performance Cookies. They allow us to recognize and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around the Pangle website when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way the Pangle website works, for example, by ensuring that visitors are finding what they are looking for easily.
You may be able to refuse or disable Cookies by adjusting your browser settings. Because each browser is different, please consult the instructions provided by your browser. Please note that you may need to take additional steps to refuse or disable certain types of Cookies. For example, due to differences in how browsers and mobile apps function, you may need to take different steps to opt out of Cookies used for targeted advertising in a browser and to opt out of targeted advertising for a mobile application, which you may control through your device settings or mobile app permissions. In addition, your opt-out selection is specific to the particular browser or device that you are using when you opt out, so you may need to opt-out separately for each of browser or device. If you choose to refuse, disable, or delete Cookies, some of the functionality of the Platform may no longer be available to you.
IV. How we use personal data
IV.1 We process personal data of our Account Holders for the following purposes:
a. To manage your Account: To register you or the company you work with as a Partner, to manage your Account (including managing payments) and your relationship with us.
b. To provide you with our services: To perform our obligations in relation to Pangle and the services we provide to the Partner you represent.
c. To send you promotional material: To send you information about our events, announcements, promotions or other marketing campaigns. If required by law this will be subject to your permission.
d. To verify or maintain the quality of Pangle and improve, upgrade or enhance Pangle: For example, (i) for audit, research, and analysis of the information in order to maintain, improve, upgrade or enhance our advertising services, and to ensure that our technologies function properly; and (ii) other internal operations, such as debugging, support, and security.
e. To provide you with our newsletter: If you have signed up to receive our newsletter, we will only use the details you provide to us when signing up for the newsletter for the purposes of providing you with the newsletter.
f. For compliance with legal obligations: To comply with legal obligations that apply to us, for example to respond to law enforcement requests.
g. For any other purpose to which you consent: To use your personal data for any other purpose to which you have provided consent.
h. To contact you: To contact you in relation to any of the above.
i. For archiving purposes in the public interest, scientific or historical research purposes.
IV.2 In general, we will process personal data only for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy or for purposes that are explained to you at the time your personal data is collected. However, we may also use your personal data for other purposes that are not incompatible with the purposes we have disclosed to you if and where this is permitted by applicable data protection laws.
V. Who we share your personal data with
V.1 We may share your personal data for the purposes described above in this Privacy Policy with the following categories of recipients:
a. Our affiliates: We share personal data with our affiliates to help operate Pangle.
b. Any other person: We will only share personal data with any other person with your consent to the disclosure or as otherwise permitted or required under applicable data protection law.
VI. How we keep your personal data secure
VI.1 We use reasonable technical and organisational measures to protect the personal data that we process about you. The measures we use are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk of processing your personal data.
VII. International data transfers
VII.1 Your personal data may be transferred to, and processed in, countries other than the country in which you are located or in which your personal data was collected. However, we will not transfer or permit any of your personal data to be transferred outside of such country unless we have taken measures necessary to ensure the transfer is in compliance with applicable laws, and in any case to a recipient that has comparable privacy protections in place.
VII.2 Specifically, our servers are located in the United States of America and Singapore, and our group companies operate around the world. This means that we may process your personal data in any of these countries in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
VIII. Data retention
VIII.1 We retain your personal data for as long as it is necessary to provide you with services so that we can fulfil our contractual obligations and exercise our rights in relation to the information involved. Where we do not need your information in order to provide services to you, we retain it only for so long as we have a legitimate business purpose in keeping such data or as necessary to comply with the law.
VIII.2 When we have no ongoing legitimate business or legal need to process your personal data, we will either delete or anonymise it or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal data has been stored in backup archives or the law requires otherwise), then we will securely store your personal data and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
IX. Your data protection rights
IX.1 Pangle supports the exercise of your data protection rights which may be available in your country in accordance with applicable data protection laws. Specifically:
IX.2 You can request to access, correct or delete your personal data by contacting us using the contact details provided under the "How to contact us" section below, and we will fulfil your request if these rights are available under applicable data protection laws in your country.
X. Updates to this Privacy Policy
X.1 This Privacy Policy is effective as of the date set out at the top of this Privacy Policy.
X.2 We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time, including in response to changing legal, technical or business developments, in accordance with applicable law.
X.3 You can see when this Privacy Policy was last updated by checking the "last updated" date displayed at the top of this Privacy Policy. We will use reasonable endeavours to notify you of any material changes to this Privacy Policy, however we encourage you to check this Privacy Policy regularly and your continued use of Pangle will constitute your acceptance to the updated Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of the updated Privacy Policy, please do not continue to use Pangle.
XI. How to contact us
XI.1 If you have any questions or concerns about our use of your personal data, please contact us using the details below.
- For Account Holders and Site Visitors located in the European Economic Area, United Kingdom or Switzerland: europe_privacy@pangleglobal.com
- For Account Holders and Site Visitors located in any other part of the world: privacy@pangleglobal.com.
- For Account Holders and Site Visitors located in Brazil: americas_privacy@pangleglobal.com
XII. Language
XII.1 This Privacy Policy is made in English and translations into other languages may be provided. In the event of any conflict between the English version and any translations, the English version will prevail to the extent permitted by the prevailing laws.
Jurisdiction-specific terms
For individuals located in Israel:
The following paragraph shall be added to the end of section III. What personal data we process:
III.5 You are under no legal obligation to provide us any personal data.
The following paragraph shall be added to the end of section VII. International Data Transfers:
VII.3 You hereby consent to the transfer of your personal data as set out in this Section VII.
The following paragraph shall be added to the end of section IX. Your data protection rights:
IX.3 You have the right to appeal the refusal of Pangle to comply with your request to exercise your rights in a court of competent jurisdiction.
For Account Holders and Site Visitors located in Brazil
If you are using the Platform in Brazil, the following additional terms apply. If any conflict arises between the main Privacy Policy and the additional terms, the following terms shall prevail:
The following paragraph shall replace section IV, g of this Privacy Policy:
g. For any other purpose in compliance with the applicable data protection law: To use your personal data for any other purpose in compliance with the applicable data protection law.
The following paragraph shall replace section V, b of this Privacy Policy:
b. Any other person: We will only share personal data with any other person in compliance with the applicable data protection law.
The following paragraph shall replace section I, 1.2 and 1.3 of this Privacy Policy:
I.2 For Account Holders: By clicking the "I understand"button during the registration process, you acknowledge that you have read and understood this Privacy Policy.
I.3 For Site Visitors: By accessing and using this site, you acknowledge that you have read and understood this Privacy Policy and that you agree to this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please refrain from using the site.
The following paragraph shall replace section IX of this Privacy Policy:
Exercise of data protection rights. Brazilian law provides certain rights to individuals with regard to their personal data. Thus, we seek to ensure transparency and access controls in order to allow users to benefit from the mentioned rights.
We will respond and/or fulfill your requests for the exercise of your rights below, according to the applicable law and when applicable, to the Brazilian General Data Protection Law - LGPD:
I. confirmation of whether your data are being processed;
II. access to your data;
III. correction of incomplete, inaccurate or outdated data;
IV. anonymization, blocking or erasure of data;
V. portability of personal data to a third party;
VI. object to the processing of personal data;
VII. information of public and private entities with which we shared data;
VIII. information about the possibility to refuse providing personal data and the respective consequences, when applicable;
IX. withdrawal of your consent.
Verifying your identity: For your safety and to allow us to make sure that we do not disclose any of your personal data to unauthorized third parties, in order to verify your identity and guarantee the adequate exercise of your rights, we may request specific information and/or documents from you before we can properly respond to a request received concerning your data. All data and documents received from you in the process of responding to your requests will be used for the strict purposes of analyzing your request, authenticating your identity, and finally responding to your request.
Limitations to your rights: In certain situations, we may have legitimate reasons not to comply with some of your requests. For instance, we may choose not to disclose certain information to you when a disclosure could adversely impact our business whenever there is a risk of violation to our trade secrets or intellectual property rights. In addition, we may refrain from complying with a request for erasure when the maintenance of your data is required for complying with legal or regulatory obligations or when such maintenance is required to protect our rights and interests in case a dispute arises. Whenever this is the case and we are unable to comply with a request you make, we will let you know the reasons why we cannot fulfill your request.
DPO: If you wish to reach the Pangle s Data Protection Officer, contact us at: dpobrasil@pangleglobal.com
Access Logs. We keep your application access logs, under confidentiality, in a controlled and safe environment, for, at least, 6 (six)  months, in order to comply with legal obligations.
For Account Holders and Site Visitors located in the European Economic Area, United Kingdom or Switzerland:
The following paragraph shall be added under section VII. International Data Transfers:
7.3 Where you are located in the European Economic Area, United Kingdom or Switzerland and we transfer your personal data outside of these regions, we do so on the basis that either the recipient country’s data protection laws have been deemed adequate by the European Commission or through the use of safeguards such as the European Commission’s model contracts for the transfer of personal data to third countries, or in line with any other legally approved mechanism approved. For further details contact us using the details in the “How to contact us” section below.
The following paragraph shall replace section IX of this Privacy Policy:
9.1 Pangle supports the exercise of your data protection rights which may be available in your country in accordance with applicable data protection laws. Specifically:
a. Access Your Data: You can ask us, free of charge, to confirm we process your personal data and for a copy of your personal data.
b. Delete Your Data: You can ask us to delete all or some of your personal data.
c. Change or Correct Data: You can ask us to change or fix your data.
d. Portability: You can ask for a copy of personal data you provided in a machine-readable form.
e. Object or Restrict Use of Data and Withdraw Consent: You can ask us to stop using some or all of your data, e.g. if we have no legal right to keep using it. You can ask us to stop processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes; withdraw your consent or ask us to stop making any automatic individual decisions, including profiling. If you object to such processing, we ask you to share the reason for your objection in order for us to examine the processing of your personal data and to balance our legitimate interest in processing and your objection to this processing.
f. Complain: The right to lodge complaints before the competent data protection regulator.
9.2 For further information, contact us using the contact details provided under the "How to contact us" section below, and we will fulfil your request if these rights are available under applicable data protection laws in your country. If you have made a specific request to us, and do not provide personal data that we can use to identify you we will be unable to fulfil your request.
The following paragraph shall be added as section XII of this Privacy Policy:
XII. Legal basis
XII.1 In the European Economic Area and the United Kingdom we must have a legal basis to process your personal data. For users located in these regions, we will make the platform available to you on the basis of our legitimate interests. The legal basis for other processing of your personal data will depend on the personal data concerned and the specific context in which we process it. If we process your personal data in our legitimate interests, such as for security and product improvement purposes, this interest will normally be to provide an effective, secure and dynamic platform.
XII.2 In some cases, we process your data to comply with our legal obligations, with your consent or where it is in the vital interests of you or another person.
XII.3 If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal data, please contact us using the contact details provided under the “How to contact us” heading below.
By Clicking "Accept All Cookies", you agree to the storing of
Cookies
on your device to enhance your user experience.
Accept all
Reject all
Sub-policy 19
https://persona.ly/en/privacy_policy:
Privacy Policies
Click Here to read our DSP Privacy Policy
Click Here to read our SDK Privacy Policy
Information Security
Click here to read our Information Security Overview
Click here to read more about our compliance with the GDPR
Sub-policy 20
https://www.superawesome.com/privacy-hub/privacy-policy/:
Opens in a new window
Opens an external website
Opens an external website in a new window
Close this dialog
This website utilizes technologies such as cookies to enable essential site functionality, as well as for analytics, and personalization.
You may change your settings at any time or accept the default settings.
You may close this banner to continue with only essential cookies.
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Storage Preferences
Targeted Advertising
Personalization
Analytics
Save
Accept All
Reject All
English
SuperAwesome Privacy Policy
Last updated and effective as at: 1 November 2024
SuperAwesome.com (“Site”) is operated by SuperAwesome Trading Limited a private limited company incorporated in England (Company Number: 03885555), having its registered office at 167-169 Great Portland Street, 5th Floor, London W1W 5PF, United Kingdom (“us”, “we”, or our”) and this policy discloses our practices regarding information collection and use for the Site. This privacy policy does not apply to any other services or apps provided by us or our group companies unless the service or app specifically refers to this policy. If we provide links to third party sites which we do not own or control, we are not responsible for their privacy practices
1.             What
information is being collected and used on the Site?
1.1       
   Contact Information
We collect and process personal information from users in a variety of ways. For example, when they visit the Site, subscribe to our newsletters, register for an event or contact us in relation to an enquiry. Depending on the activity, you may be asked for your name, email address, phone number, website or work details/role. We will collect this information from site visitors only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Site visitors can always refuse to provide personal information; however this may prevent them from engaging in certain Site-related activities.
The Site is not intended for children and we do not knowingly solicit or collect personal information from children through the Site. If you believe that we may have unintentionally collected personal information from a child when using this Site please contact us using the information provided at the end of this Privacy Policy.
1.2       
   Technical Information
‍
We collect technical information about Site visitors whenever they
interact with our Site. This may include the name of the user’s browser, type
of computer, or its operating system. SuperAwesome, like many other website
operators, uses analytics tools for the purpose of analyzing our user base on
an aggregated anonymous basis and improving the performance of our Site. We use
Google analytics and you can find out more here and about your opt out choices:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
1.3       
   Cookies
The Site may use cookies and similar technologies to gather information about you to customise your visit, to enable us to improve visitor experiences and for other similar purposes. We use these technologies on the Site as well as in our email communications. For more information on how cookies are used, please click here to visit our
Cookie Policy
.
2.             Information
use
2.1
For users in the UK and the European Economic Area (EEA), we generally act as a data controller in respect of your personal information collected or submitted to this Site for the purposes of the United Kingdom General Data Protection Regulation and the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (the “GDPRs”). Other members of the SuperAwesome group of companies may also have access to your information where they perform services on behalf of the data controller, and will do so in accordance with applicable law.
2.2       
   To help with your use of the
Site
We
use technical information (as above) and Cookies to manage the Site. Where we
process personal information for our legitimate business interests, we do so in
order to provide and manage our Site and to offer our visitors an engaging user
experience.
2.3       
   To improve our Site and user
experience
‍
We may use information and feedback you provide to improve our
products and services and to investigate or correct any technical problems on
the Site.
2.4           To communicate with you
‍
You may have used our Site to request to attend an event we are
hosting, or seek further information on content we published on our Site, or
enquire about our services generally. It is in our legitimate interests to
process your personal data in Contact Information to respond to your requests
and to provide further relevant information, if requested.
2.5           To send you newsletters
‍
If you have used our Site to request one of our newsletters (generally
about our work in and concerning the kidtech industry), we will use the
personal information you have submitted to us for this purpose. The legal basis
we rely on is consent and you may unsubscribe from receiving newsletters at any
time by clicking on the unsubscribe button at the foot of the newsletter email
that you receive.
3.             How
we protect and retain your information
We adopt and implement appropriate and industry-standard security practices regarding the collection, storage and processing practices of personal information, including using SSL-secured communication channels, firewall-protected servers and encryption for personal information provided via the Site. We also take necessary security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of personal information and data stored on our servers. We have also put in place manual safeguards such as limited employee access and confidentiality agreements. We will retain your personal information in this secure manner for as long as is necessary to fulfil the purpose we collected it for, including for the purpose of satisfying any legal, accounting or reporting requirement. The retention period for your information may depend on the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your information, the purposes for which we process your information and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
4.         
   Sharing your personal
information
4.1
We use third party service providers to help us operate our Site (such
as hosting or development services), administer Site-related activities on our
behalf (such as gathering statistical data and sending out surveys) or to
organize events which you have signed up for.
4.2
We may disclose your personal information (a) in the good faith belief
that we are required to do so by law; (b) if doing so is reasonably necessary
to comply with legal process; (c) to respond to any claims; (d) to enforce the
terms and conditions of our Site; (e) to protect the rights, property, or
personal safety of SuperAwesome, its users or the public; (f) to third parties
with whom we may choose to sell, transfer or merge parts of our business or our
assets; or (g) to respond to requests from law enforcement agencies or
regulators.
4.3
Your browser may allow you to set a Do Not Track (DNT) signal
indicating that you do not wish your online activity to be tracked. Currently,
our system does not support and does not act on DNT signal headers that we may
receive.
4.4
We operate globally and may need to transfer your personal information outside the UK and EEA to our affiliate companies, partners or third party service providers in locations around the world for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. We do so in order to provide you with our services and for the other purposes outlined above. Please be aware that the data protection laws in some of these countries may not offer the same level of protection as those in your country of residence. Before transferring your information in this way, we will take reasonable steps to ensure that suitable safeguards are put in place aimed at ensuring that an appropriate level of protection applies to the privacy of your personal information and we will comply with all applicable laws. For further information on these safeguards, please contact us.
5.             Your
Rights
5.1
For residents of the UK and EEA
You have rights under your local data protection laws in relation to your personal data to:
●     
Request
access to the personal data that we hold about you
●     
Request
correction of the personal data that we hold about you
●     
Request
erasure of your personal data. Note, however, that we may not always be able to
comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be
notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request.
●     
Request the
transfer of your personal data to you or to a third party in machine -readable
format.
●     
Where you
have given us consent to use your information for any of the above purposes,
you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. You can opt-out of
receiving newsletters at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe button at the
foot of the newsletter email that you receive.
●      Object
to our processing of your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate
interest if there is something about your particular situation that makes you
want to object to our processing on this ground because you feel that it
impacts on our fundamental rights and freedoms.
We
may need to request information from you to help us confirm your identity.  If you wish to exercise any of the above
rights, please contact us using the information within the next section of this
Site Privacy Policy.
5.2
For residents of California
California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”)
The CCPA provides specific rights to individuals who reside in California including the right to know, delete and opt out of certain data collection activities. SuperAwesome, or its service providers, have collected the following categories of personal information using the categories enumerated in the CCPA:
●      IP
address and device type,
●      Name, email address or telephone number if you’ve contacted SuperAwesome with an inquiry
We use this personal information as disclosed above in Section 2, and share this personal information as disclosed above in Section 4.
We do not share, sell, rent, release, disclose, disseminate, make available, transfer, or otherwise communicate personal information to any other business or third party for monetary or other valuable consideration.
Right to Know. If you are a California resident, you may submit, free of charge, but no more than twice in a 12-month period, a verifiable request for the following information:
Right to Know.
If you
are a California resident, you may submit, free of charge, but no more than
twice in a 12-month period, a verifiable request for the following information:
●      The specific pieces of personal information
we have about you;
●      The categories of personal information we
collected, sold or disclosed for a business purpose about you within the last
12 months;
●      The categories of sources from which the
personal information was collected;
●      The purposes for which the information was
collected or sold; and
●      The categories of third parties to whom the
information was sold, disclosed for a business purpose, or otherwise shared.
If possible, we will provide this information to you in a readily usable format that allows transmission to another entity. To submit a request, cemail us at privacy@superawesome.com. If we need additional information to verify your identity, we will contact you to request that information.
Right to Delete. You may submit a verifiable request for us to delete any personal information we have collected about you. To submit a request, please email us at privacy@superawesome.com.
Right to be Free from Discrimination. We will not discriminate against you because you have chosen to exercise your rights, including, for example, by denying you access to our online services or charging you different rates or prices for the same online services, unless that difference is reasonably related to the value provided by your data.
Exercising Your Rights. To submit a verifiable request or to otherwise contact us for more information about how to exercise your rights, please follow the instructions above. If you would like to designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf, please provide the agent with written permission, signed by you, for the agent to submit the request on your behalf. We may contact you to verify your identity and the agent’s permission before a response to the request is sent.
5.3           “Shine
the Light” Law
Under California Civil Code § 1798.83,
California residents are entitled once a year to request and obtain certain
information regarding our disclosure, if any, of personal information to third
parties for their direct marketing purposes during the immediately prior
calendar year. We do not share your personal information with any unaffiliated
third parties for their own marketing purposes.
6. Contact Us
SuperAwesome works hard to ensure that the processing of personal data is carried out fairly and lawfully. If you have any questions, need information or require assistance, please contact us at:
Attn: Chief Privacy Officer
SuperAwesome Trading Limited, 167-169 Great Portland St, 5th Fl, London W1W 5PF, United Kingdom
Email:
privacy@superawesome.com
Alternatively, if you are located inside the European Economic Area (EEA) you can contact our EEA representative by post at Mishcon de Reya Representative Services (Europe) Limited, 2nd Floor, 1-2 Victoria Buildings, Haddington Road, Dublin 4, D04 XN32, Ireland, or by email at
representative@mishcon.com
.
7. Revisions to Privacy Policy
SuperAwesome has the discretion to update this Privacy Policy at any time. When we do, we will update the “last updated” date at the top of the Privacy Policy. If the change is material, we will place a notice on the Site by revising the link to read substantially as “Updated Privacy Policy” for a reasonable amount of time. The most current version of this Privacy Policy will be available on the Site and will supersede all previous versions of this Privacy Policy.
Sub-policy 21
https://www.tapjoy.com/legal/#privacy-policy:
Server Error
Well. This definitely shouldn't happen and we are probably working on it already.
Try
refreshing a page
or contact us at
support@tapjoy.com.
Sub-policy 22
https://www.tiktok.com/legal/privacy-policy-us?lang=en:
Introduction
What Information We Collect
How We Use Your Information
How We Share Your Information
Our Legal Bases and How We Process Your Information
Your Rights and Choices
Data Security and Retention
Our Global Operations and Data Transfers
Younger Users
Privacy Policy Updates
Contact Us
EEA/UK/CH
Privacy Policy
Effective Date:
04 December 2024
Introduction
What Information We Collect
How We Use Your Information
How We Share Your Information
Our Legal Bases and How We Process Your Information
Your Rights and Choices
Data Security and Retention
Our Global Operations and Data Transfers
Younger Users
Privacy Policy Updates
Contact Us
Introduction
This privacy policy ("
Privacy Policy
") applies to the personal information that TikTok processes in connection with TikTok apps, websites, software and related services (the “
Platform
”), that link to or reference this Privacy Policy.
Data Controller
: If you live in the European Economic Area (“
EEA
”), the United Kingdom (“
UK
”), or Switzerland, TikTok Technology Limited, an Irish company (“
TikTok Ireland
”), and TikTok Information Technologies UK Limited (“
TikTok UK
”), a UK company, ("
TikTok
," "
our
," "
we
," or "
us
") are the joint controllers of your information processed in connection with this Privacy Policy.
What Information We Collect
We collect your information in three ways:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
. More detail is provided below.
Information You Provide
Account Information.
We collect information that you provide when you set up an account, such as your date of birth, username, email address and/or telephone number, and password. You can choose to add other information to your account, such as a bio or image.
User Content.
We collect the content you create, import, upload or publish through the Platform, such as photographs, videos, audio recordings, livestreams, comments, hashtags, feedback, reviews, and the associated metadata (such as when, where, and by whom the content was created). Even if you are not a user, information about you may appear in content created or published by users on the Platform. We collect
User Content
through pre-loading at the time of creation, import, or upload, regardless of whether you choose to save or upload that
User Content
, for example, to recommend music based on the video. We also collect content (such as text, images, and video) from your device's clipboard if you choose to copy and paste content to or from the Platform or share content between it and a third party platform. In addition, we collect location information (such as tourist attractions, shops, or other points of interest) if you choose to add the location information to your
User Content
.
Messages.
We collect the content of the messages you send and receive on the Platform and the associated metadata (such as the time the message was sent, received or read, as well as the participants in the communication). We also collect the messages you send or receive through our chat functionality when using our shopping feature to communicate with sellers or using virtual assistants.
Your Contacts and Other Connections.
If you choose to sync your contacts, we will collect information from your device’s phone book such as names, phone numbers, and email addresses, and match that information to users of the Platform. If you choose to find other users through your social network contacts, we will collect your public profile information as well as names and profiles of your social network contacts. We also collect information about the accounts you follow and that follow you.
Purchase Information.
When you make a purchase, a payment, or other transaction on or through the Platform, including when you buy TikTok Coins or purchase products through our shopping features, we collect information about the transaction, such as payment card information, billing, delivery, and contact information, and products you purchased.
Surveys, Research, and Promotions.
We collect
Information You Provide
if you choose to participate in a survey, research, promotion, contest, marketing campaign, or event conducted or sponsored by us.
Information When You Contact Us.
When you contact us, we collect the information you send us, such as proof of identity or age, feedback or inquiries about your use of the Platform or information about possible violations of our
Terms of Service
(our “
Terms
”),
Community Guidelines
(our “
Guidelines
”), or other policies.
Information From Forms and Features You Use
. We collect the
Information You Provide
when you fill in a form on the Platform. You can let TikTok fill in forms automatically with your account info, like your addresses or payment info.
Automatically Collected Information
Technical Information.
We collect certain device and network connection information when you access the Platform. This information includes your device model, operating system, keystroke patterns or rhythms, IP address, system language and device settings. We also collect service-related, diagnostic, performance information, including crash reports and performance logs. We automatically assign you a device ID and user ID. Where you log-in from multiple devices, we use information such as your device ID and user ID to identify your activity across devices to give you a seamless log-in experience and for security purposes.
Location Information.
We automatically collect information about your approximate location (e.g. country, state, or city) based on your
Technical Information
(such as SIM card and IP address). Also, where you enable location services for the TikTok app within your device settings, we collect approximate location information from your device. Click
here
to learn more about how we collect Location Information.
Usage Information.
We collect information about how you engage with the Platform, including information about how you interact with content and ads, the duration and frequency of your use, your engagement with other users, and your search history.
Content Characteristics and Features.
We detect and collect characteristics and features about the videos, images, and audio recordings that are part of your
User Content
, for example, by identifying objects and scenery, the existence or location within an image of a face or other body parts; and the text of words spoken in your
User Content
. We do this, for example, for content moderation and to provide special effects (such as video filters and avatars) and captions.
Inferred Information.
We infer your attributes (such as age-range and gender) and interests based on the information we have about you. We use inferences, for example, to keep the Platform safe (such as for content moderation), to show you relevant information, and, where permitted, to serve you personalised ads based on your interests.
Cookies.
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to operate and provide the Platform. For example, we use cookies to remember your language preferences, make sure you don’t see the same video more than once, and for security purposes. We also use these technologies for marketing purposes. To learn more about our use of cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
. We will obtain your consent to our use of cookies where required by law.
Information From Other Sources
Advertising, Measurement and Other Partners.
Advertisers, measurement and other partners share information with us about you and the actions you have taken outside of the Platform, such as your activities on other websites and apps or in stores, including the products or services you purchased, online or in person. These partners also share information with us, such as mobile identifiers for advertising, hashed email addresses and phone numbers, and cookie identifiers, which we use to help match you and your actions outside of the Platform with your TikTok account. Some of our advertisers and other partners enable us to collect similar information directly from their website or app by integrating our
TikTok Advertiser Tools
(such as TikTok Pixel). These partners are required to have the necessary rights and permissions to share your information with us before doing so. We process certain information that we receive from these partners as a joint controller with them.
Learn more
about our arrangements with these partners.
Sellers, Payment and Transaction Fulfillment Providers.
We receive information about you from sellers as well as payment and transaction fulfillment providers, such as payment confirmation details, and information about the delivery of products you have purchased through our shopping features.
Third Party Platforms and Partners.
Third party platforms provide us with information (such as your email address, authentication ID, and public profile) when you choose to sign up for or log in to the Platform using sign-in features provided by those third parties. We may also receive contact information that you hold or is held about you when contact information is synced with our Platform by you or another user. When you interact with any third party service (such as third party apps, websites or products) that integrate
TikTok Developer Tools
, we will receive the information necessary to provide you with features like cross-service authentication or cross-posting. For example, this will happen if you log in to another platform with your TikTok account or if you use TikTok’s “share” button on a third party platform to share content from there to the Platform. We may also receive information from third party providers which we use for safety purposes, including to protect users on the Platform and for content moderation.
Additional Sources.
We may collect or receive information about you from organisations, businesses, people, and others, including, for example, publicly available sources, government authorities, professional organisations, and charity groups. We also collect information about you where you are included or mentioned in
User Content
,
Messages
, in a complaint, appeal, request or feedback submitted by a user or third party, or if your contact information is provided to us by a user.
How We Use Your Information
We use your information to operate, provide, develop, and improve the Platform, including for the following purposes. You can find more detail in “
Our Legal Bases and How We Process Your Information
”.
Provide and administer the Platform, such as enabling you to create, share, and consume content, to interact with other users and their content, and provide user support.
Provide our shopping features (such as personalised shopping benefits) and facilitate the purchase and delivery of products, goods and services, including sharing your information with sellers, payment and transaction fulfilment providers, and other service providers in order to process your orders.
Personalise and customise certain features and content such as providing your “For You” feed and content creation tools.
Enforce our Terms, Guidelines, and other policies that apply to you. We review
User Content
and other information through a mix of technology (including through automated means) and human moderation to protect the safety and well-being of our community.
Provide certain interactive features, such as enabling your content to be used in other users’ videos,
Suggest your account to other users and suggest accounts of others to you to help connect you with other users.
Provide and improve our advertising services, including to serve ads (including personalised ads, where permitted).
Create analytics reports so that partners, sellers and creators can see how their content, ads or products are performing and to better understand their audience and buyers.
Maintain and enhance the safety, security, and stability of the Platform by identifying and addressing technical or security issues or problems (such as technical bugs, spam accounts, and detecting abuse, fraud, and illegal activity).
Review, improve, and develop the Platform, including by monitoring interactions and usage across your devices, analysing how people are using it, and by training, testing, and improving our technology, such as our machine learning models and algorithms.
Share your information with third party platforms to provide you with features, like content sharing at your request when you integrate your TikTok account with a third party service.
Facilitate research conducted by independent researchers that meets certain criteria.
Promote the Platform or third party services through marketing communications, contests, or promotions.
Facilitate the sending of marketing communications by sellers to you on our Platform. We act as a joint controller with the sellers in this scenario.
Learn more
about our arrangements with these sellers.
Comply with our legal obligations, or as necessary to perform tasks in the public interest, or to protect the vital interests of our users and other people.
Protect the Platform and defend our legal rights and commercial interests, and those of our affiliates, users and the public.
How We Share Your Information
Service Providers
We engage service providers that help us provide, support, and develop the Platform and understand how it is used. They provide services such as: cloud hosting, and content delivery, customer and technical support, content moderation, marketing, analytics, and online payments.
We share
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
with these service providers as necessary to enable them to provide their services.
Partners
Third Party Platforms and Partners.
We share limited information which may include
Information You Provide
,
Technical Information
, and
Usage Information
with third party platforms and partners whose platform or services are integrated with the Platform, or with whom we have a commercial relationship. We do this to give you a seamless experience, allow your content to be shared on other platforms, allow sellers to view and manage your orders through our shopping features, and enable third party platforms and partners to better authenticate users. Some examples include if you:
log-in to a third party platform using your account, we will share your basic account information and any other
Information You Provide
,
sign-up or log-in to the Platform using your account details from a third party platform (such as Facebook or Google), we will share certain
Technical Information
to facilitate this,
share
User Content
you publish on the Platform on other social media platforms, we will share your
User Content
and related information.
Advertisers.
We provide advertisers with reports about the performance of their ads and other content on the Platform in order to help them measure their effectiveness and understand their audience. These reports contain aggregate information of certain
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
. We don’t share information with advertisers that can be used to contact you (such as your name or email address) unless you give us your permission.
Measurement and Data Partners.
We share
Information You Provide
,
Technical Information
and
Usage Information
with third party measurement providers who create aggregate reports that help us measure advertising served on the Platform and help our advertisers understand their effectiveness and their audience.
Sellers and their Service Providers.
When you make a purchase through the shopping features on our Platform, we share
Purchase Information
related to the transaction with the sellers and service providers acting on their behalf. This includes order items, contact details and delivery information so that your order can be processed. We also share certain
Technical Information
about your device or connection with these parties to help ensure the security of the transaction. When making a purchase through our shopping features, please review the product and seller location details provided on the Platform for information about where your information will be sent.
Users of Our Analytics Services.
We provide aggregated statistics and insights to help people and businesses understand how people are engaging with the Platform. For example, creators, advertisers and sellers can receive information about the number of views, likes, comments and shares of their content, as well as information to understand their followers, buyers and the audience of their content. We create this aggregate information using
Information you Provide
and
Automatically Collected Information
. In certain circumstances, TikTok is a joint controller with TikTok account holders for this processing.
Learn more
about the joint processing for TikTok Analytics.
Our Corporate Group
As a global company, the Platform is supported by certain entities within our corporate group (“
Corporate Group
”). These entities process
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
for us, as necessary to provide certain functions, such as storage, content delivery, security, research and development, analytics, online payments, customer and technical support, and content moderation. See
Our Global Operations and Data Transfers
for additional information.
Others
We share your information in other limited scenarios as follows:
Users and the Public.
Based on your privacy settings, your information, including your
Account Information
,
User Content
, and
Usage Information
may be visible to other users and the public. For example, if you have a public account and have not restricted the visibility of your posts individually, your
Account Information
and
User Content
can be viewed or shared by anyone on or off the Platform, whether or not they have a TikTok account. Depending on your privacy settings, your
Account Information
and
User Content
may also appear on search engines, content aggregators, and news sites. You can learn about account types and privacy settings, including how to limit the audience for your videos
here
.
Independent Researchers:
We share your information with independent researchers to facilitate research that meets certain criteria as described in
Our Legal Bases and How We Process Your Information
.
Corporate Transactions.
Your information may be disclosed to third parties in connection with a corporate transaction, such as a merger, sale of assets or shares, reorganisation, financing, change of control, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business.
Legal Obligations and Rights.
We may access, preserve, and share the information described in "
What Information We Collect
" with law enforcement agencies, public authorities, researchers, copyright holders, or other third parties if we have good faith belief that it is necessary to:
comply with applicable law, legal process or government requests, as consistent with internationally recognised standards,
protect the rights, property, and safety of our users, copyright holders, and others, including to protect life or prevent imminent bodily harm. For example, we may provide information (such as your IP address) to law enforcement in the event of an emergency where someone’s life or safety is at risk,
investigate potential violations of and enforce our Terms, Guidelines, or any other applicable terms, policies, or standards, or
detect, investigate, prevent, or address misleading activity, copyright infringement, or other illegal activity.
To learn more about how we handle requests from law enforcement agencies and public authorities, see our
Law Enforcement Guidelines
.
Our Legal Bases and How We Process Your Information
We may only use your information when we have a “legal basis” to do so. We use different legal bases depending on why we use your information (in other words, the “purpose” of our processing). These legal bases are contractual necessity, legitimate interests (ours, yours or those of another party), consent, compliance with a legal obligation, performing a task in the public interest, and protection of vital interests.
Here we explain the legal bases we rely on when we process your information. This section also describes why we use your information, how this information is processed, the categories of information involved, and the associated rights (which always includes the right to access your information). For more information on how to exercise any of your rights, please check out the “
Your Rights and Choices
” section in the Privacy Policy.
Contractual Necessity
If you have the legal capacity to enter into an enforceable contract, we use
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
where it is necessary to perform the contract you enter into (our Terms) when you register for, access, or use the Platform. This means we use your information to:
Provide you with the Platform.
We use your information to allow you to access and use the Platform, including allowing you to create, share and consume content, interact with others, utilise social features, and provide you with products and services you purchase.
Personalise features and content.
We also personalise certain features and content such as providing your “For You” feed, which shows you videos that we think you would be interested in (see
here
for more information) and by suggesting accounts to you.
Product orders and deliveries.
We use your information to process orders, such as to facilitate the purchase and delivery of products, and communicate with you about your orders. This includes sharing
Purchase Information
with Sellers, Payment and Transaction Fulfilment Providers, and Other Service Providers
Enforce our Terms, Guidelines, or policies.
We use your information to enforce our Terms, Guidelines, and policies (including through automated means and human moderation). This may include age restricting or removing content, maintaining our For You feed eligibility standards, or suspending or banning your account if we determine that you are violating our Terms or Guidelines.
Administer the Platform.
We also use the information we have to administer the Platform, such as to communicate with you on service related matters, provide you with updates and support regarding any purchase you make on or through the Platform, and respond to and process your queries, claims or disputes (including when you tell us about a problem, or ask for a copy of your information).
Your Rights
: Whenever we use your information on the basis that it is necessary for the contract we have with you, you have the right to port information you have provided to us.
Legitimate Interests
We use your information where this is necessary to achieve legitimate interests - whether belonging to us, you, or a third party - provided these interests are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. We use the information we collect to:
Enable users to create content with interactive features
.
Interactive features, like Duet and Stitch, enable other users to include your videos in their videos (if you allow this in your settings).
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To provide users with tools to inspire creativity, collaboration, and enjoyment, and to create opportunities for users to reach new audiences.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
and
Automatically Collected Information
.
Suggest your account to other users
.
We may suggest your account to other users, including when a user chooses to sync their contacts with the Platform.
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To enable users to quickly and efficiently find and connect with other users.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Provide all users with generic advertising
.
We show all users generic ads, including those who have chosen not to receive personalised ads.
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: We show generic ads to keep the Platform free of charge. We process limited categories of your information to make sure our advertising service is useful to our advertisers (for example, to serve ads to users in a particular country or to users who speak the same language).
Information used
:
Information You Provide
and
Automatically Collected Information
.
Provide measurement and analytics services
.
We help creators, sellers and advertisers measure the effectiveness and distribution of ads and other content viewed on the Platform.
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To enable creators, sellers and advertisers to view and understand how their ads or content performed and the audience that viewed or interacted with their ads or content. This is so that they can make informed decisions (such as what kinds of ad campaigns they may want to run, the type of audience they want to reach and the types of content that users enjoy the most). This helps keep the advertising and other content we show users relevant and entertaining, and keeps the Platform free for all users.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Ensure the safety and well-being of our community
.
We use your information to ensure the safety and well-being of our community, including by reviewing
User Content
(and if permitted under applicable law,
Messages
and associated metadata) for breaches of our Terms, Guidelines, and other policies. We also infer your age range, and under certain circumstances, may ask you to provide additional information to confirm your age.
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To keep our community safe, review compliance with our Guidelines, and identify misuse of the Platform.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Ensure the security and stability of the Platform
.
We use your information to ensure the stability and security of the Platform, including by identifying and combating technical or security issues (such as technical bugs, spam accounts, and detecting abuse, fraud, and illegal activity).
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To ensure the ongoing stability and security of the Platform and to ensure it is continuously available and functioning.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Review, improve, promote, and develop the Platform
.
We use the information we have to understand how people are using the Platform and to develop, test, and make improvements to the Platform, including to develop and improve our technology, such as our machine learning models and algorithms. We also use this information to better understand and promote the Platform, popular topics, and emerging trends, and offer certain personalised features. We also review messages you exchange with customer support to improve technologies supporting such functions.
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To improve, promote, and develop the Platform in an informed way.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Facilitate independent research.
We share your information with independent researchers to facilitate research that meets certain criteria, including where such researchers have demonstrable experience and expertise in their area. Click
here
to learn more
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To facilitate independent research that aims to develop society’s collective knowledge, including in the areas of misinformation and disinformation, violence, cybercrime, and social trends.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
and
Automatically Collected Information
.
Share your information with third parties
.
We share your information with third parties whose platforms or services are integrated with, or otherwise made available on, the Platform.
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To optimise your experience, allow your content to be shared on other platforms, enable third parties to authenticate users, and to allow for the performance of commercial agreements.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Protect the Platform and defend legal rights
We may use your information in connection with preparing for, taking and defending actual or anticipated legal claims or proceedings (including investigating any potential claims we may have or be aware of).
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: to protect the Platform and defend the legal rights and commercial interests of us, our affiliates, our users and the public.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Marketing communications
.
We may send you marketing messages about the Platform and third party products and services where we think they will interest you. Where required, we will obtain your consent to send you such communications.
Legitimate Interest relied upon
: To promote the Platform and third party products and services.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Your Rights
: Whenever we use your information on the basis that it is necessary for legitimate interests, you can object to, and request restriction of, such usage.
If you are under the age of majority (under 18 in most relevant countries), with a limited ability to enter into an enforceable contract only, where we may be unable to process your information on the grounds of contractual necessity, we rely on legitimate interests and use the information we collect to:
Provide you with the Platform
We use your information to allow you to access and use the Platform, including allowing you to create, share, and consume content, interact with others, utilise features, and provide you with products and services you purchase.
Legitimate Interests relied upon
: To provide, support, and maintain products and features that enable users who can’t enter into an enforceable contract with us to communicate, discover, and engage with content and express themselves. We also rely on the legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Platform in an easy and intuitive manner..
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Personalise features and content
We use your information to personalise
certain
features and content
on the Platform, such as providing your “For You” feed, which shows you videos that we think you would be interested in (see
here
for more information) and by suggesting accounts to you.
Legitimate Interests relied upon
: To provide, support, and maintain products and features that enable users who can’t enter into an enforceable contract with us to communicate, discover, create and engage with content and users relevant to their interests. We also rely on the legitimate interest of our users who can’t enter into an enforceable contract with us in being able to access the Platform and content relevant to their interests.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Enforce our Terms, Guidelines, or policies.
We use your information to enforce our Terms, Guidelines, and policies (including through automated means and human moderation). This may include age restricting or removing content, maintaining our For You feed eligibility standards, or suspending or banning your account if we determine that you are violating our Terms or Guidelines.
Legitimate Interests relied upon
: To keep the Platform free of harmful or inappropriate content, to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our Terms, Guidelines, or policies and to protect the safety of users who can’t enter into an enforceable contract with us, including to prevent exploitation or other harm to which such individuals may be particularly vulnerable. It is also in the legitimate interests of our users who can’t enter into an enforceable contract with us, and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Administer the Platform.
We use the information we have to administer the Platform, such as to communicate with users and respond to and process queries, claims or disputes (including when you tell us about a problem, or ask for a copy of your information).
Legitimate Interests relied upon
: To share meaningful updates with our users who can’t enter into an enforceable contract with us about service-related matters, and process their queries, claims and disputes.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Your Rights
: Whenever we use your information on the basis that it is necessary for legitimate interests, you can object to, and request restriction of, such usage.
Your Consent
We ask for your consent to access or use your information for specific purposes. If we do, you’ll always be able to revoke your consent through your device permissions or in-app settings.
Personalised advertising
.
With your consent, we serve you with personalised ads based on your activity on and off the Platform. Click
here
to learn more.
Information used
:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
for this purpose.
Retain your payment card information.
With your consent, we store your payment card information to facilitate future transactions through our Platform.
Information used:
Information You Provide
Sellers’ marketing communications.
With your consent, we facilitate the sending of marketing communications to you by sellers on our Platform and/or share your email address with sellers for the purpose of sending marketing communications to you.
Information used:
Information You Provide
and
Automatically Collected Information
.
Device permissions.
We collect information that you allow us to receive through your device-based settings (such as access to your camera, photos and location services) which we use for subsequent purposes as described in this Privacy Policy.
Information used:
Information You Provide
,
Automatically Collected Information
, and
Information From Other Sources
.
Your rights
: Whenever we use your information based on your consent, you can withdraw your consent at any time. However, your withdrawal of consent will not affect the lawfulness of processing your information based on your consent prior to your withdrawal of consent. You can withdraw your consent for applicable personalised ads related settings by following these
instructions
.
You also have the right to port information you have provided to us that we use based on your consent.
Compliance with a legal obligation
We may use your information including your
Account Information
or
User Content
where it is necessary to comply with a legal obligation. This includes situations where we have obligations to communicate with you, take measures to ensure the safety of our users, or comply with a valid legal request such as an order or disclosure request from regulators, law enforcement agencies or courts. We generally use
Information You Provide
and
Automatically Collected Information
, although it depends on the specific situation.
To perform a task in the public interest
We may use your information where it is necessary to perform a task in the public interest, including undertaking research, preventing and detecting crime, safeguarding children and promoting public safety, security, and integrity as laid down by applicable law. We generally use
Information You Provide
and
Automatically Collected Information
, although it depends on the specific situation.
Your rights
: When we use your information on the basis that it is necessary for a task carried out in the public interest, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, our usage.
To protect someone's vital interests
We may use your information where it is necessary to protect your or someone else's life, physical integrity, or safety. This could include providing law enforcement agencies or emergency services with information in urgent situations to protect health or life. We generally provide
Information You Provide
and
Automatically Collected Information
, although it depends on the specific situation.
Your Rights and Choices
You have rights and choices when it comes to your information. Some of these rights apply generally, while others will only apply in certain circumstances. Depending on the scenario, these rights may be subject to some limitations. TikTok Ireland will be responsible for responding to your request within the relevant periods provided by law. If necessary to resolve your request, TikTok Ireland will liaise with TikTok UK.
Access your information.
You can ask us, free of charge, to confirm what information we process about you, to provide certain information about the processing, and for a copy of your information. In-app controls enable you to:
access your information that is available to other users when you navigate to the "
me
" tab on your account.
request a copy of your information by using the “
Download your data
” tool. Click
here
for detailed instructions.
Delete your information.
You can delete or ask us to delete your information. In-app controls enable you to:
delete the content posted on your account, such as your
User Content
and your
Account Information
.
delete your full account. Click
here
for detailed instructions.
request the deletion of a particular piece of content using the in-app reporting feature (more information is available
here
).
Rectify your information.
You can change or ask us to change or correct your information where that information is not accurate. You can change or correct much of your information through the in-app controls and settings (such as your
Account Information
and video content).
Port your information.
You have the right to data portability in circumstances where we rely on contractual necessity or consent as our legal basis. This means that you have the right to receive your information in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format and to share it with a third party. You can exercise your right of portability by choosing to “
Download your data
” in your settings. Click
here
for detailed instructions. You can also port your TikTok data through TikTok’s Data Portability API. Click
here
for further information.
Object to the processing of your information
. You also have the
right to object
to the processing of your information in certain circumstances. This right applies when we are performing a task in the public interest, pursuing our legitimate interests or those of a third party, or when your data is processed for the purpose of facilitating scientific or historical research in certain circumstances. In submitting an objection request, please provide all relevant information, including the processing activity you are objecting to, why you want to object and how the processing activity affects you, and any additional information that you think will help us review your request. We will stop the particular processing if we don't have compelling legitimate grounds to continue that processing or don’t need it for legal claims.
Restrict the processing of your information
. You have the right to request the restriction of the processing of your information where (a) you are challenging the accuracy of the information, (b) the information has been unlawfully processed, but you are opposing the deletion of that information, (c) where you need the information to be retained for the pursuit or defence of a legal claim, or (d) you have objected to processing and you are awaiting the outcome of that objection request.
To exercise any of the above rights, please contact us through our
webform
. Before we can respond to a request to exercise one or more of the rights listed above, you may be required to verify your identity or your account details or provide additional information so that we can understand your request.
We encourage you to “
Contact us
” if you are not satisfied with how we have responded to any of your rights requests. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the Irish Data Protection Commission (TikTok Ireland’s lead supervisory authority) or with your local supervisory authority.
In addition to these rights, you can control privacy settings for your account. Click
here
for more information.
Your choice regarding the use of information across different services.
If you are a user in the EU, we offer you the choice of whether to combine and cross-use your TikTok activity data with our affiliated services, like TikTok Shop, where legally required.
Learn more
.
Data Security and Retention
Security of your information is important to us. We maintain appropriate technical, administrative, and physical security measures that are designed to protect your information from unauthorised access, theft, disclosure, modification, or loss. We regularly review our security measures to consider available new technology and methods.
We retain information for as long as necessary to provide the Platform and for the other purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We also retain information when necessary to comply with contractual and legal obligations, when we have a legitimate business interest to do so (such as improving and developing the Platform, and enhancing its safety, security and stability), and for the exercise or defence of legal claims.
The retention periods will be different depending on the type of information and the purposes for which we use the information. For example, when we process your information to provide you with the Platform, we keep this information for as long as you have an account. This information includes your
Account Information
,
User Content
, and
Messages
. If you violate our Guidelines or Terms, we may remove
Information You Provide
including your
Account Information
and/or
User Content
from public view immediately but keep your information as is necessary to process the violation.
Our Global Operations and Data Transfers
To support our global operations:
We store the information described in the “
What Information We Collect
” section in servers located in the United States, Malaysia and Singapore.
Certain entities in our Corporate Group, located outside your country of residence (see
here
), are given limited remote access to this information so they can provide certain functions, as described in the Our Corporate Group section in “
How We Share Your Information
”. This access is limited, secure and only granted where necessary under strict security controls and authorisation approval protocols.
We share “
What Information We Collect
” with service providers, partners and other third party entities, as described in “
How We Share Your Information
”. These third parties can be located outside your country of residence.
These entities commit to processing information in compliance with applicable privacy laws and to implementing appropriate security measures to protect your information.
When we transfer your information outside of the EEA, the UK, or Switzerland, we ensure it benefits from an adequate level of data protection by relying on:
Adequacy decisions. These are decisions from the
European Commission
under Article 45 GDPR (or equivalent decisions under other laws) where they recognise that a country offers an adequate level of data protection. We transfer your information as described in “
What Information We Collect
” to some countries with adequacy decisions, such as the countries listed
here
; or
Article 49. In the absence of an adequacy decision, We rely on Article 49 (1)(b) and (c) GDPR to transfer Purchase Information as described in “
What Information We Collect
” to sellers and transaction fulfilment providers in countries without an adequacy decision when necessary to provide shopping features to facilitate the purchase and delivery of products, goods and services, or to process your orders; or
Standard contractual clauses. The European Commission has approved
contractual clauses
under Article 46 of the GDPR that allows companies in the EEA to transfer data outside the EEA. These (and their approved equivalent for the UK and Switzerland) are called standard contractual clauses. We rely on standard contractual clauses to transfer information as described in “
What Information We Collect
” to certain entities in our Corporate Group (as described
here
)
and third parties in countries without an adequacy decision.
For a copy of these adequacy decisions or standard contractual clauses, please contact us via the details provided in the “
Contact us
” section below.
Younger Users
You must be at least 13 years old to use the Platform. If you believe that there is a user who is below this minimum age, please contact us using this
webform
.
To provide users younger than 18 with an age-appropriate experience, certain features are not available. Further details are available in our
Help Centre
.
If you are the guardian of a teen, our
Guardian's Guide
contains information and resources to help you understand the Platform and the tools and controls you or your teen can use, including “Family Pairing” features.
Privacy Policy Updates
We may amend or update this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any material changes to this policy by a notice provided through the Platform or by other means. The “Last Updated” date at the top of this policy reflects the effective date of such policy changes.
Contact Us
You can contact us about this Privacy Policy through our
webform
. You can reach TikTok's Data Protection Officer
here
.
You can also contact us at the following postal address.
For users in the European Economic Area and Switzerland
: TikTok Technology Limited, The Sorting Office, Ropemaker Place, Dublin 2, Dublin, D02 HD23, Ireland.
For users in the United Kingdom
: TikTok Information Technologies UK Limited, Kaleidoscope, 4 Lindsey Street, London, EC1A 9HP, United Kingdom.
Sub-policy 23
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy:
Legal Information
Privacy Policy Hub
Privacy Policy Hub
Developer Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs our information practices for our Developer Services, which includes any websites, where a link to this Policy is provided. Developer Services means products and services intended for a party that develops and/or distributes a game or other app made with and/or using Unity Services.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Developer Privacy Policy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Developer Privacy Policy
. They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Customers should understand that Unity does not provide legal advice, therefore the information on this page is not a substitute for seeking your own legal counsel to determine the legal requirements of your business and processes, and how to address them.
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy will provide you with information on how Unity Technologies will collect, use, store, share or otherwise handle your Personal Information that we are responsible for and collect or receive through your use of applications which are owned by third parties but utilize Unity’s technology.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Game Player and App User Privacy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
.They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Unity Educational Products for Schools Privacy Notice
This sets forth Unity’s policies and procedures regarding the Unity software products in schools.
Privacy Supplement Statement for Unity MARS Companion App
This sets forth special privacy terms regarding use of the Unity MARS Companion App.
Unity Data Processing Addendum (“DPA”)
This Data Processing Addendum (this “DPA”) is incorporated into and forms an integral part of the Unity Terms of Service. This agreement determines the rights and obligations of each party when processing personal information.
DPA Amendment for EU, UK, and Swiss SCCs
In 2021, the European Commission and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commission issued new Standard Contractual Clauses ("2021 SCCs"). Additionally, in 2022, the UK Parliament approved the UK International Data Transfer Addendum to the EU SCCs (“UK Addendum”). The 2021 SCCs and UK Addendum replace the Standard Contractual Clauses enacted in 2010 (“2010 SCCs”). This is a pre-signed copy of this document which you may download, execute on your side, and return to DPA@unity3d.com.
Technical and Organisational Measures including Technical and Organisational Measure to ensure the Security of the Data
Technical and Organisational Measures (TOMs) are strategic safeguards designed to protect data security and ensure adherence to data protection regulations. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum.
Sub-Processors
Sub-processors are third-party companies that assist Unity by handling personal data on Unity's behalf. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum
.
GENERATIVE AI SUPPLEMENTAL PRIVACY NOTICE
This notice explains Unity's processing activities with respect to Personal Information collected through users of Generative AI Tools
Sub-policy 24
http://vungle.com/privacy/:
This website stores cookies on your computer. These cookies are used to collect information about how you interact with our website and allow us to remember you. We use this information in order to improve and customize your browsing experience and for analytics and metrics about our visitors both on this website and other media. To find out more about the cookies we use, see our Privacy Policy
If you decline, your information won’t be tracked when you visit this website. A single cookie will be used in your browser to remember your preference not to be tracked.
Cookies settings
Accept All
Decline All
Vungle
privacy
Last Updated:
December 17, 2019
Vungle, Inc. and its group companies (“
Vungle
“, “
we
” or “
us
“) respect your privacy. This privacy notice (“Notice”) explains who we are, how we collect, use and share personal information about you, and how you can exercise your privacy rights.
This Notice covers personal information we collect:
when providing the Vungle Ad Services (see
Section 2
); and
when you visit one of our Websites, and in the usual course of our business, such as in connection with our events, sales and marketing activities (see
Section 3
).
QUICK LINKS
We recommend that you read this Notice in full to ensure you are fully informed. However, to make it easier for you to review those parts of this Notice which apply to you, we have divided up the document into the following sections:
1. WHO WE ARE
(applicable to everyone)
2. VUNGLE AD SERVICES
(applicable to End Users)
2.1 What information do we collect?
2.2 How do we use your information?
2.3 How does Vungle use its technology to collect information?
2.4 Your Opt-Out Choices
2.5 How Do We Share Information?
2.6 Privacy Practices of Vungle Clients
2.7 Minors and Children
3. VUNGLE WEBSITES
(applicable to End Users and visitors to our Websites)
3.1 What information do we collect?
3.2 How do we use your information?
3.3 Cookies and Similar Technologies
3.4 How Do We Share Information?
4. GENERAL INFORMATION
(applicable to everyone).
4.1 How do we share your information?
4.2 Your data protection rights
4.3 Additional information for California Residents.
4.4 Legal basis for processing personal information (EEA residents only).
4.5 Third-Party Websites and Apps
4.6 How do we keep your personal information secure?
4.7 Data Retention
4.8 International Data Transfers
4.9 EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Notice
4.10 Questions or complaints.
4.11 Changes to this Notice
4.12 Contact Us
We participate in and comply with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework to cover data we process from the European Union (“EU”). For further information, please review our EU-U.S.
Privacy Shield Notice
1. WHO WE ARE
Vungle is an ad network providing a technology platform (“
Platform
”) for Clients that want to advertise and/or monetize their applications, games, and other products. Our “
Clients
” include “
Advertisers
” that wish to distribute ad content through the Vungle Platform, and “
Publishers
” of applications that want to display relevant ads to end users (“
End Users
“) of third party applications (“
apps
“) that use our SDKs, APIs, hosted video advertising platform and/or any of our related advertising tools (collectively, the “
Vungle Ad Services
“).
Advertising revenue helps keep many games and apps free, and Vungle works hard to ensure that our ads are interesting, relevant, and safe for End Users.
2. VUNGLE AD SERVICES
This Section describes how Vungle collects and uses information we receive from End Users (“
you
“) of apps that use the Vungle Ad Services.
2.1 What information do we collect?
When you use an app supported by Vungle technology (see Section 2.3,
below
, our services can collect certain information about your mobile device. Some of this information (including for example, your IP address and certain unique identifiers), may identify a particular computer or device and may be “personal information” or “personal data” as defined under law in some jurisdictions (including in California and the EU, respectively) (hereinafter, collectively referred to as “
personal information
”). We collect this information the first time Vungle’s SDK is initialized on a Publisher Client’s app. Note, however, that Vungle’s Ad Services do not collect any information that that enables us to identify End Users personally (such as your name, address, or email address).
LEARN MORE
The information we collect includes:
Information about your device
, such as the type and model, manufacturer, operating system (e.g. iOS, Android, etc.), carrier name, time zone, network connection type (e.g., Wi-Fi, cellular), IP address, Vungle SDK version, information about the Publisher Client’s app currently active on your device (but not any other apps), and identifiers assigned to your device, such as its iOS Identifier for Advertising (IDFA), Android Advertising ID (AAID or GAID), or other unique device identifier (a number uniquely allocated to your device by your device manufacturer or Publisher Client’s app).
Information about your behavior on our Publisher Client’s app
, such as information about the activities or actions on those apps, and session start/stop time. Historic versions of Vungle technology may also collect geolocation information (e.g., latitude and longitude co-ordinates), but only (i) if the Publisher Client’s app has enabled location services on your device and (ii) you have granted the Publisher permission to collect this information). However, versions that are current as of the date of this Notice no longer collect geolocation information.
Information about ads served, viewed, or clicked on
, such as the type of ad, where the ad was served, whether you clicked on it, the number of times you have seen the ad, the number of Vungle ads viewed per session, and whether you visited the Advertiser’s website or relevant app store and/or purchased or installed the product or service advertised.
We may also combine and/or enhance the information we collect about your device, including the personal information, with information we may collect about your interactions with other ads served through Vungle’s Platform that you may view on other Publisher Client’s Apps, or with information collected from our Clients and third parties (such as data providers). This may include, for example, mobile device IDs, demographic or interest data, and content viewed or actions taken on an app to help make the ads served to you more relevant while limiting your exposure to less relevant ads. We (or our third party partners) may also use this additional information to undertake “user matching,” which means that in addition to the ID an End User has been assigned in our system, we may also receive a list of unique IDs our external partners or Clients have assigned to an End User.
2.2 How do we use your information?
We use the information, including the personal information, we collect (sometimes in combination with information provided and sourced by independent validation partners) for a variety of business purposes, including the following:
Serving Ads:
To allow Publishers to offer advertising inventory in their apps, and Advertisers to bid on and display ads in that inventory.
Ad Reporting and Conversions:
: To allow Vungle to confirm with Advertisers information about when and how End Users have been exposed to their ads, clicked on their ads, or visited their website and to ensure accurate billing for advertising services rendered.
Frequency Capping:
Preventing End Users from seeing the same ad too many times.
Customizing Ads:
To customize and more effectively tailor the ads we display to you and to optimize the display of ads (including limiting your exposure to less relevant ads).
Performance Analytics and Optimization:
To analyze and optimize ad performance, such as tracking views of ads, implementing end user “whitelists” or “blacklists” (to ensure, in some cases, that certain ads are being viewed by appropriate audiences), as well as click-through rates to websites or app stores and/or installs of apps that have been advertised.
Fraud Detection and Prevention:
Identifying invalid clicks, installs, or ad queries, and protecting us and our Clients from fraudulent behavior.
Providing and Improving the Vungle Ad Services:
Auditing, researching, and analyzing data in order to provide, protect, and improve the Vungle Ad Services and to ensure that our technologies function properly.
2.3
How does Vungle use its technology to collect information
?
We use our technology (in some jurisdictions, such as the EU, these may be referred to as “tracking technologies”) to collect information automatically from your device to perform many of the functions described in “
How do we use your information?
” above. To opt out of our use of such technologies, please follow the instructions for opting out in the apps, as described in “
Opt-Out Choices
” below.
LEARN MORE
The standard tracking technologies we use include:
Mobile “SDKs” or “Software Development Kits” (including our own SDKs):
These are blocks of code that are embedded into an app allowing Vungle to collect certain information (as described in “
2.1 What information do we collect?
” above relating to your use of apps using our technology. The embedded code from Vungle’s SDK allows the app to “speak” with Vungle’s Platform for purposes of delivering ads.
Mobile device identifiers:
We also use standard device identifiers, for example the IDFA advertising identifier used on Apple’s iOS devices and the GAID advertising identifier used on Android devices, to monitor and improve the performance of the ads we show you.
Third-Party Ad Measurement URLs/Links:
Additionally, in providing the Vungle Ad Services to our Advertiser Clients, the Vungle ads may include URLs or links from the Advertiser Client’s chosen third-party measurement partner to collect information about your interaction with those ads. The information collected is used for ad delivery, reporting, and billing purposes and may also be used for performance optimization.
“Tags and Pixels”:
These are blocks of code that we and our Clients may use to monitor your interaction with apps using our technology. We may use these to synchronize information that we have collected with information independently collected by our Clients and other third party advertising platforms and advertisers that are interested in providing you with ads.
2.4 Your Opt-Out Choices.
You can opt out of having your information being used by Vungle for performance-based advertising by accessing your mobile device settings and following the most recent published instructions. If you limit ad tracking, you will still see advertisements (even ones sourced from Vungle’s network), but Vungle will no longer be able to use the personal information described above in
Section 2.1
to serve you with more relevant ads. In addition, the advertising identifier (along with any information collected about that identifier) that was previously assigned to you will also be disassociated. This means that if at a later stage, you decide to opt back in, we will not be able to use any of your past information for advertising purposes, and you will (for all practical purposes) be a new user to our system. For apps using older versions of the Vungle SDK, you may also stop the collection of location information by particular apps that may allow collection of location of this information by changing the preferences on your mobile device.
2.5 How Do We Share Information?
Please see Section 4.1,
below
for information concerning how Vungle shares the information collected.
2.6 Privacy Practices of Vungle Clients.
Vungle is not responsible for the information practices of our Clients or their agents. We require our Clients to comply with all applicable laws and regulations and to provide End Users with notice of the collection of data for advertising purposes as outlined in this Notice. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of apps you visit for information about those apps’ data collection and use practices.
2.7 Minors and Children.
Our Clients are responsible for ensuring that their mobile apps comply with data privacy protection legislation applicable to minors and children, such as the United States’ Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“
COPPA
“), including where relevant by obtaining parental consent prior to the collection of personal information. With respect to COPPA specifically, we rely upon our Publisher Clients to confirm whether or not their app is subject to COPPA. As required by COPPA, Vungle will enable a flag in our system when a Client indicates their app is subject to COPPA such that the End User’s device history is disassociated, and the only End User personal information used by the Vungle Ad Services would be persistent identifiers (e.g., IP address and device identifiers) to provide “support for internal operations” of the Vungle Ad Services (as permitted by COPPA).
3. VUNGLE WEBSITES
This Section describes how we collect and use Information in the usual course of business, including through our websites (such as
“http://vungle.com”
or any other website on which this Notice is posted) and other corporate services, web portals, and dashboards we make available to our Clients and End Users (collectively “
Websites
“), as well as in connection with our events, sales and marketing activities. This section does not apply to information collection through apps that use the Vungle Ad Services.
3.1 What information do we collect?
Information that you provide voluntarily:
Certain parts of our Websites may ask you to provide personal information voluntarily. For example, when Clients are registering for a Vungle account, expressing an interest in obtaining additional information about Vungle or our products and services, subscribing to marketing or otherwise contacting us, Vungle collects required personal information from you. The personal information that you are asked to provide (and the reasons why you are asked to provide it) will be made clear to you at the point we ask you to provide your personal information. We will also let you know prior to collection whether the provision of personal information we are collecting is compulsory or may be provided on a voluntary basis, and the consequences (if any) of not providing the information. We also collect personal information you otherwise submit to us, such as when you send Vungle an email.
LEARN MORE
The personal information we collect may include contact information (such as your name, address, telephone number or email address) and contact preferences. It may also include professional information, such as your job title, department or job role, as well as the nature of your request or communication. We also collect information you choose to provide to us when completing any ‘free text’ boxes in our forms (for example, for event sign-up, product feedback or survey requests).
Information we collect automatically:
When using our Websites, we may automatically collect certain information from your device or computer. In some countries, including countries in the EU, this information may be considered personal information under data protection laws.Specifically, the information we collect automatically may include your IP address, your operating system, your browser ID, your browsing activity, and other information about your system and connection, and how you interact with our Websites and other websites. We may collect this information as a part of log files as well as through the use of cookies or other tracking technologies, as explained further under the heading “
Cookies and similar tracking technology
.”
Information we collect from third party sources:
We may obtain information about you from other sources, such as public databases, joint marketing partners, data providers, and social media platforms. Examples of the information we could receive from other sources include account information, page-views, and browsing information.
3.2 How do we use your information?
We use the information we collect or receive to:
Send you marketing and promotional communications.
For example, we and/or our third party marketing partners may use the personal information you send to us for our marketing purposes, if this is in accordance with your marketing preferences. However, you will always be able to opt-out of our marketing at any time (see the “
Your Choices
” section above).
Send administrative information to you.
For example, to send you product, service, and new feature information and/or information about changes to our terms, conditions, and policies.
Engage in and process transactions.
For example, we may use your personal information along with financial, credit card, and/or payment information that you provide to us to process your transactions and for billing purposes. Note that Vungle uses third-party vendors to collect and/or process any financial or payment information, and does not itself collect, receive, or process financial or payment information on its own.
Respond to your requests.
For example, we may use your personal information to fulfill your request for a quote or customer support, or to provide you with information you have requested about the Websites or Vungle Ad Services.
Post testimonials.
We post testimonials on the Websites that may contain personal information. Prior to posting a testimonial, we will obtain our consent to use your name and testimonial. If you wish to update, or delete your testimonial, please contact us at
privacy@vungle.com
and be sure to include your name, testimonial location, and contact information.
Manage your account and provide support or other services.
For example, for the creation or administration of your Vungle account, to communicate with you, and to provide you with customer support or other services you have ordered, such as product updates, product patches and fixes and other similar operational communications.
Select content and improve quality.
We may use your information to help improve the Website, Vungle Ad Services, and to ensure that content on the Websites is presented in the most effective manner for your device (for example, by presenting products and offers tailored to you).
Protect the Vungle Websites.
We may use your information as part of our efforts to keep the Websites safe and secure (for example, for fraud monitoring and prevention).
For our business purposes.
We may use your information for our business purposes, such as data analysis, audits, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns, and to evaluate and improve our products, services, marketing, and client relationships.
3.3 Cookies and Similar Technologies.
We may use cookies and similar technology (collectively “
cookies
”) on our Websites to collect and process personal information about you. At any time, you may use your browser settings to change your cookie preferences or control use of cookies.  By continuing to browse, you agree to our use of cookies.  We also use Google Analytics to learn more about usage of our Websites. You can learn more about Google Analytics, including how to opt-out, by visiting
here
.
3.4 How Do We Share Information?
Please see Section 4.1
, below for information concerning how Vungle shares the information collected.
4. GENERAL INFORMATION
4.1 How do we share your information?
We may disclose your personal information to the following categories of recipients:
Advertiser Clients.
If you are an End User, we may exchange information with our Advertiser Clients in connection with the Vungle Ad Services for purposes relevant to our business relationships with them, such as for billing purposes, dispute resolution, or fraud prevention, and to help them identify and/or buy our Publisher Client’s advertising inventory. Our Advertiser Clients are obligated to use the information they receive in compliance with applicable laws and regulations.
Attribution Partners and Mobile Measurement Partners.
Acting on behalf of and as third-party agents for our Advertiser Clients, if you are an End User, we may exchange information (such as your mobile device ID) with our Advertiser Clients’ attribution and mobile measurement partners to validate and measure the success of ads delivered via the Platform for billing purposes.
Vendors, consultants and other service providers.
We may share your information with third party vendors, service providers, contractors or agents who perform functions required for the operation of our business. Examples include to provide data storage and processing services, fraud prevention, technical support for our Platform, analyzing data and performing analysis related to the Website, Platform and related services, and delivering content.
Compliance with laws.
We may disclose information where we are legally required to do so in order to comply with applicable law, governmental requests, a judicial proceeding, court order, or other legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena (including in response to public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements).
Disclosures for national security or law enforcement.
Under certain circumstances, we may be required to disclose your personal information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
Vital interests and legal rights.
We may disclose information where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person, violations of our Terms of Use or this Notice, or as evidence in litigation in which Vungle may be involved.
Vungle affiliates.
Vungle is headquartered in San Francisco, CA, but we have subsidiary and affiliate offices in London, UK; Berlin, Germany; Tokyo, Japan; Seoul, Korea; Beijing, China; and Singapore, Singapore. A list of our group companies is available here
https://vungle.com/contact-us
. We may share information with our parent companies, subsidiaries and/or affiliates for use and processing purposes described in this Notice.
Business transfers.
We may share or transfer information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company, provided that we inform the buyer it must use your personal information only for the purposes disclosed in this Notice.
Consent.
We may share your information with any other person with your consent to the disclosure.
4.2 Your data protection rights.
Promotional Emails:
You can opt out of receiving promotional emails from us by clicking the “unsubscribe” link in the email, by emailing unsubscribe@vungle.com. If you choose to no longer receive marketing information, we may still communicate with you regarding such things as your security updates, product functionality, responses to service requests, or other transactional, non-marketing/administrative related purposes.
Other Rights (applicable to California and EEA residents only):
If you are a resident of California or the European Economic Area (“EEA”), legislation in your jurisdiction – such as the California Consumer Protection Act (“CCPA”) and the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), respectively – affords you certain specific data protection rights, as noted below. If you make a request, to protect your privacy and security, we will take steps to verify your identity and requests before granting the rights set forth in this Notice.
CCPA rights (California residents)
You can request
access to or ask that we delete
your personal information at any time. Please note that, under certain circumstances, we have the right to impose a small fee for access and disclosure of your personal information where permitted under applicable law, which will be communicated to you. Certain information may be exempt from such requests under California law.  For example, we may retain certain information for legal compliance and to secure our Services.
Vungle does not “sell” personal information
within the meaning of the CCPA. Nevertheless, Vungle will honor any “opt-out of sale” requests we may receive from our Clients, and accordingly take reasonable measures to prevent any further downstream sales. Vungle does share personal information as described in this Notice.
If you are a California resident seeking to exercise your CCPA rights, please (i) email us at
CCPA@vungle.com
, or (ii) visit our website and complete the webform to exercise your rights under the CCPA.
GDPR rights (EEA residents)
You can request
access to or that we change, update or delete
your personal information at any time by contacting us at
privacy@vungle.com
. Please note that we may impose a small fee for access and disclosure of your personal information where permitted under applicable law, which will be communicated to you. Certain information may be exempt from such requests under applicable law. For example, we may retain certain information for legal compliance and to secure our Services.
You can
object to processing
of your personal information, ask us to
restrict processing
of your personal information or
request portability
of your personal information. To exercise these rights email
privacy@vungle.com
.
If we have collected and processed your personal information with your consent, then you can
withdraw your consent
at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
You have the
right to complain to a data protection authority
about our collection and use of your personal information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority. Contact details for data protection authorities in the European Economic Area (“
EEA
“) are available
here
.
Please note that because most of the information we store can only identify a particular browser or device, and cannot identify you individually, you will need to provide us with some additional information to enable us to identify the personal information we hold about you and ensure that we accurately fulfil your request.
4.3 Additional information for California Residents.
California law requires us to provide California residents with some additional information regarding how we collect, use, and share your “personal information” (as defined in the CCPA). Throughout this Notice, we discuss in detail the specific pieces of information we collect from you or your device and discuss how we use and share such information.
As described in detail in
Section 2.1
above, we may collect the following categories of information about you through the Vungle Ad Services: device identifiers (such as IP address); internet or other network or device activity (such as browsing history or app usage); geolocation information; and other information that identifies or can be reasonably associated with your device.
As described in detail in
Section 3.1
above, we may collect the following categories of information about you through your use of the Websites: identifiers (such as name and contact information); commercial information (such as transaction data); financial data (such as credit card information through our payment processors); device identifiers (such as IP address); internet or other network or device activity (such as browsing history or app usage); geolocation information; and other information that identifies or can be reasonably associated with you.
We disclose the following categories of personal information for business purposes: identifiers; commercial information; financial data (via our payment processors); device identifiers; internet or other network or device activity; geolocation information; and other information that identifies or can be reasonably associated with you.
As described in detail in
Section 2.2
and
Section 3.3
above, we use and disclose the information we collect for the business purposes described in this Notice, including: to provide and improve the Vungle Ad Services and the Websites, for our operational purposes, for the operational purposes of our service providers, for audit purposes, to detect security incidents and prevent fraud, for debugging and repairing errors, to communicate with you, to provide customer service, to market Vungle services, and for other uses that we notify you about.
We may disclose your personal information to the categories of recipients described in detail in
Section 4.1
, above.
4.4 Legal basis for processing personal information (EEA residents only).
If you are an individual from the EEA, our legal basis for collecting and using personal information described above will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it. However, we normally rely on our legitimate interest to collect personal information from you, except where such interests are overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. Where we rely on our legitimate interests to process your personal information, they include the interests described in the sections headed “How do we use your information?” above (
Section 2.2
and
Section 3.2
.
In some cases, we may rely on our consent or have a legal obligation to collect personal information from you, or may otherwise need the personal information to protect your vital interests or those of another person. If we rely on consent to collect and/or process your personal information, we will obtain such consent in compliance with applicable laws.
If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information, please contact us using the details provided under the heading “
Contact Us
” below.
4.5 Third-Party Websites and Apps.
This Notice only applies to the Vungle Websites and Vungle Ad Services. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or disclosures of websites, developers, or apps that use or access the Vungle Services or Vungle Ad Services. In addition, ads within the Vungle Platform may contain links to third-party websites and apps. Any access to and use of such linked websites or apps is not governed by this Notice, but instead is governed by the privacy policies of those third parties. We are not responsible for the information practices of such third parties.
4.6 How do we keep your personal information secure?
We use appropriate administrative, organizational, technical, and physical safeguards to protect the personal information we collect and process about you. The measures we use are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk of processing your personal information and to help ensure that your data is safe, secure, and only available to you and to those you provided authorized access. Specific measures we will use include hashing and pseudonymization of data prior to storage. However, no electronic transmission over the Internet or information storage technology can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, so you should take care in deciding what information you send us in this way.
4.7 Data Retention.
We retain personal information we collect from you where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, to comply with applicable legal, tax or accounting requirements, to enforce our agreements or comply with our legal obligations). When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize such data or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
If you are an End User, we typically store the personal information we collect about you, such as your IP address and other information described above, for 13 months from the date of last collection before we delete, overwrite, or anonymize that data, unless we are required to keep it to comply with a legal or audit obligation.
Please contact us at privacy@vungle.com if you have any questions about the information we collect and/or how we use the information we collect.
4.8 International Data Transfers.
The Vungle Ad Services and Vungle Websites are provided, supported, and hosted in the United States. If you are using the Vungle Ad Services and Vungle Websites from outside the United States, be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored, and processed by Vungle in our facilities and by those third parties with whom we may share your personal information, in the United States and other locations including London, Berlin, Tokyo, Seoul, Beijing and Singapore, where we have offices. These countries may have data protection laws that are different to the laws of your country.
However, we have taken appropriate safeguards to require that your personal information will remain protected in accordance with this Notice. These include implementing the European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses for transfers of personal information between our group companies, which require all group companies to protect personal information they process from the EEA in accordance with European Union data protection law. Our Standard Contractual Clauses can be provided upon request. We have implemented similar appropriate safeguards with our third party service providers and partners and further details can be provided upon request. .
4.9 EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Notice.
Vungle, Inc. is located in the United States and participates in and complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the US Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from EU member countries in the United States.
Vungle adheres to and will abide by the Privacy Shield Principles of Notice, Choice, Accountability for Onward Transfer, Security, Data Integrity and Purpose Limitation, Access, and Recourse, Enforcement, and Liability when processing such personal information.
Vungle is responsible for the processing of personal information it receives under each Privacy Shield Framework and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. We comply with the Privacy Shield Principles for all onward transfers of personal information from the EU, including the onward transfer liability provisions.
With respect to personal information received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Frameworks, we are subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, we may be required to disclose personal information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
For more information about the Privacy Shield, see the US Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield website located at:
https://www.privacyshield.gov
. To review our certification on the Privacy Shield list, see the US Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield self-certification list located at:
https://www.privacyshield.gov/list
.
4.10 Questions or complaints.
You can direct any questions or complaints about the use or disclosure of your personal information to us at
privacy@vungle.com
. We will investigate and attempt to resolve any complaints or disputes regarding the use or disclosure of personal information within 45 days of receiving your complaint.
JAMS (EEA residents only)
If you are an EEA resident and you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider, JAMS, free of charge at
https://www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-privacy-shield
.
Binding arbitration (EEA residents only)
You may have the option to select binding arbitration for the resolution of your complaint under certain circumstances, provided you have taken the following steps: (1) raised your complaint directly with us and provided us the opportunity to resolve the issue; (2) made use of the independent dispute resolution mechanism identified above; and (3) raised the issue through the relevant data protection authority and allowed the US Department of Commerce an opportunity to resolve the complaint at no cost to you. To find out more about the Privacy Shield’s binding arbitration scheme please see
https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=My-Rights-under-Privacy-Shield
.
4.11 Changes to this Notice.
Vungle will review and update this Notice periodically and will note the date of its most recent revision above. If we make material changes to this Notice, we will notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes prior to implementing the changes or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to review this Notice frequently to be informed of how Vungle is protecting your information.
4.12 Contact Us.
If you have questions about our privacy practices, or would like to make a complaint, please contact Vungle’s Data Protection Officer by email at
privacy@vungle.com
or by post using the details provided below:
Residents outside of the European Economic Area (EEA)
Vungle, Inc.
Attn: Legal
1255 Battery Street, Suite 500, San Francisco, CA, 94111, United States
European Economic Area (EEA) residents
Vungle Limited
Attn: Data Protection Officer
4th Floor, Farringdon Point, 33 Farringdon Road, London, England, EC1M 3JF
Important note:
If you are resident in the EEA, the “data controller” of your personal information is Vungle, Inc.
This site uses cookies.
Read more
Home
Advertise
Monetize
Creative Labs
Creative Team
Creative Tech
Vungle SDK
Liftoff
GameRefinery
JetFuel
The Plug
TreSensa
Blog
Success Stories
News and Events
Resources
Partners
Careers
Support
About Us
Contact Us
An error has occurred, please try again later.
×
We Value Your Privacy
Settings
NextRoll, Inc. ("NextRoll") and our
19 advertising partners
use cookies and similar technologies on this site and use personal data (e.g., your IP address). If you consent, the cookies, device identifiers, or other information can be stored or accessed on your device for the purposes described below. You can click "Allow All" or "Decline All" or click Settings above to customise your consent regarding the purposes and features for which your personal data will be processed and/or the partners with whom you will share personal data.
NextRoll and our
advertising partners
process personal data to: ● Store and/or access information on a device; ● Create a personalised content profile; ● Select personalised content; ● Personalised advertising, advertising measurement, audience research and services development; ● Services development. For some of the purposes above, our advertising partners: ● Use precise geolocation data. Some of our partners rely on their legitimate business interests to process personal data. View our
advertising partners
if you wish to provide or deny consent for specific partners, review the purposes each partner believes they have a legitimate interest for, and object to such processing.
If you select Decline All, you will still be able to view content on this site and you will still receive advertising, but the advertising will not be tailored for you. You may change your setting whenever you see the
Manage consent preferences
on this site.
Decline All
Allow All
Manage consent preferences