Effective May 23, 2018
Last Amended Dec 21, 2023
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to Kinkajoo Ltd. ("Kinkajoo", “we” “us” or “our”). Therefore, Kinkajoo is committed to respecting your privacy and the confidentiality of your personal data, traffic data and communications content. The privacy policy below details the measures taken by Kinkajoo to protect your privacy in connection with your use of www.rummikub.com and other sites owned and operated by Kinkajoo (the "Sites") and certain applications, services or software, and content including games for use therewith, either at no charge or for a fee (such applications, services, software and any related content provided by Kinkajoo or its licensors is referred to herein collectively as "Applications"). Kinkajoo does not intend to collect any personal information from children under 13 unless Kinkajoo believes such collection to be permitted by law.

The key points of our privacy policy are:

1. We give you choices about the personally identifiable information you share with us and other Kinkajoo users.
2. You can end your membership at any time.
3. We only disclose information from which you may be personally identifiable to selected third parties in accordance with this privacy policy.
4. We do not spam.
5. By accessing the Site, you agree to this privacy policy.
Information Collected by the Site and Applications
We collect the following types of information about you when you use the Site and/or Applications:

1. Information provided by you. We collect personally identifiable information, such as your name and email address, when you register to become a member and if otherwise requested by the Site or an Application. As part of your personal profile, you may choose to submit or incorporate additional information, as well as other content. We also collect all postings, messages, user feedback, data, comments, suggestions, information, text, data, software, sounds, photographs, audio, audiovisual, video, artwork, graphics, files and other materials of any nature ("User Materials") that you submit to the Site and any correspondence between you and Kinkajoo.
2. Information collected automatically. Kinkajoo receives and stores information which is transmitted automatically from your computer when you use the Site and/or Applications. This information includes information from cookies (which are described below), your IP address and browser type. Your IP address is the unique address of your computer which is automatically provided to other computers when your web browser or email application requests a web page or email from those computers on the Internet. We also collect information about how you use the Site and Applications.
3. Information about you as a member may be supplemented with additional information, including publicly-available information and information from other companies.
Use and Disclosure of Information
We use this information in order to operate the Site and Applications and improve your experience:

1. We will display your personally identifiable information on your profile according to the preferences you set. We will use your name so that you are recognizable on our database and so that we can personalize your experience. We will use your email address to contact you from time to time and may also use it for security reasons to confirm that you are who you say you are. You can control the types and frequencies of certain emails you receive in your email preferences.
2. We may use the information collected automatically, such as your IP address, information stored via cookies, and information about how you use the Site and/or Applications to develop statistics and aggregate information about the number of people who visit the Site and to customize the Site and/or Applications. We may share this information with third parties to help us improve our service and better serve our users.
3. We use an outside company to serve advertisements on our site. In the process of serving advertisements, cookies are placed in your browser's cookie file and may use information, such as IP addresses but excluding your name, address, email address or telephone number, about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements on this site and other Web sites about goods and services that may be of interest to you. By delivering ads on the Site, our ad serving vendor is able to record what ads a user -- identified by the unique cookie -- has seen, and what pages on the Site the user was viewing when the ads were delivered. This Web usage information is combined with other ad delivery information (e.g., what type of operating system your computer uses) collected from your visits to the Site and other sites not affiliated with Kinkajoo. This non-personally identifiable information is used as part of the ad serving process for reporting and to select and direct the ads you see online at the Site and other sites not affiliated with Kinkajoo. Unlike the cookies Kinkajoo uses in other parts of our site, cookies received with banner ads are collected by our ad serving vendor and we do not have access to this information. Additionally, some ads served are generated by other third party ad serving systems that also may place a cookie or transparent GIF files on your browser to provide web usage information to those third parties.
4. We may provide your personally identifiable information and the data generated by cookies and the aggregate information to the vendors and service agencies that we may engage to assist us in providing our services to you. Such third party entities will be obligated to use your personally identifiable information solely to provide the services to us.
5. Personally identifiable information about you, including the contents of your online communications, may be accessed or disclosed in response to legal process (for example, a court order, search warrant or subpoena); in other circumstances in which we believe, in our sole discretion, that the Site or the Application is being used in the commission of a crime; when we have a good faith belief that there is an emergency that poses a threat to the safety of you or another person; or when necessary either to protect our rights or property, or for us to render the service you have requested.
6. Personally identifiable information collected in connection with your use of the Site or the Applications may be stored in any country where we or our service providers maintain facilities.
7. If a user elects to use our referral service for informing a friend about our site or particular features or content, we ask them for the friend's name and email address. We will automatically send the friend a one-time email inviting them to visit the Site. We store this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email.
8. We maintain archives of our web logs, database, and other systems and information. Please note that it is possible some of this information may remain archived after we delete the information from our active database. We also may maintain archives for disaster recovery, legal and other non-marketing purposes.
9. We reserve the right to transfer your personally identifiable information in the event of a transfer of ownership of Kinkajoo, such as acquisition by or merger with another company.
Collection of Information on Other Sites
This privacy statement applies only to information collected by Kinkajoo. The Site contains links to other sites and services that are not owned or controlled by Kinkajoo, including our affiliates. Please be aware that these sites have their own privacy policies and that Kinkajoo is not responsible for their privacy practices. We therefore encourage you to read the privacy statements of each and every site that collects personally identifiable information.
Cookies
1. Cookies are a common Internet technology. Many web sites use cookies to provide useful features for their users. Cookies are small files that are written or downloaded to your computer's hard drive when you access a site. They allow us to store and quickly retrieve login information on your computer and provide data that we can use to improve the quality of our service. Most Internet browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. If you prefer, you can set your browser to refuse cookies, although you may not be able to take full advantage of the Site or the Applications if you do so.
2. We may link information stored in cookies such as your age, gender and country with your personally identifiable information and we may use such information to gather statistics about the number of people who visit the Site and to customize the Site and/or Applications.
3. We and our advertisers may set and access cookies or use other technologies such as web beacons (which are electronic files that allow a web site to count users who have visited that page or to access certain cookies) in order to present advertisements on the Site or Applications. We and our advertisers may also use third party ad networks to help present and manage advertisements. These ad networks use cookies, web beacons, or similar technologies on your computer to help present, better target, and measure the effectiveness of their advertisements, using data gathered over time and across their networks of Web pages to determine or predict the characteristics and preferences of their audience. We may share certain non-personally identifiable information about you (such as user age and zip code) with ad network providers, to help them deliver more relevant advertisements through their ad networks.
You control who sees your profile information on the Site
Your profile information on the Site and Applications will only be shared with people you have specifically agreed to share such information with. You can limit who can view certain personal information, such as email addresses and phone numbers. Please bear in mind that if you choose to share your personal information (including any User Materials) with other people on the Site or an Application, you do so at your own risk. We recommend that you don't share your personal contact information.
Reviewing, deleting and changing your Profile
You can review, delete, correct and revise your personal profile, including who has access to your personal profile in your account at any time or contact us for assistance via the email to support@rummikub-apps.com ; requests of this nature will be completed within [30] days.
Internet awareness
Whenever you voluntarily post personal information in public areas, like journals, weblogs, message boards and forums, this information can be accessed by the public and can in turn be used by others to send you unsolicited communications. We recommend that you exercise discretion in deciding what information you disclose on the Internet.
Children
We recommend that children should not send any information about themselves to anyone over the Internet without asking their parents or legal guardians for permission beforehand.
Security and confidentiality
1. Kinkajoo uses a variety of safeguards to help protect your personal information, including technical, administrative and physical controls. Please bear in mind though, that it is impossible for Kinkajoo to guarantee that impenetrable security measures are in place. For example, we cannot control any illegal and/or unforeseen activity of other users that may allow them to get around the privacy or security settings on the Site and Applications. Consequently, you acknowledge that there are circumstances in which your personal information may be accessed by unauthorized persons.
2. The security of your personal information depends in part on your protection of your account password. Please do not disclose your account password to unauthorized people.
3. We limit access to your personal information only to employees that we authorize to access that information in order to do their jobs in connection with the Site and Applications.
4. If you become aware of any breach of data security or have any other questions about the security of our website, please contact us via the email to support@rummikub-apps.com
Acceptance of and Changes in Privacy Policy
Your use of the Site, including any dispute concerning privacy, is subject to this Privacy Policy and Kinkajoo's Terms of Service. By using the Site, you are accepting the practices set out in this Privacy Policy and those Terms of Service. We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time by posting the changes on this page. Please check the revision date at the bottom of this page to determine if the policy has been modified since you last reviewed it. Your continued use of any portion of the Site following posting of the updated Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of the changes.
Canceling membership
You always have the option to cancel your membership at any time. If you are a member and no longer wish to participate in the Site you can cancel your membership.
Information We Collect and How We Collect It
We’ll collect and store any information that you provide to us, including when you create your account or your player profile.
Information About You That You Share With Us Directly
When you use our Services and applications, you may give us information directly that we’ll store on our systems and use it for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
This information includes:
Your first and last name;
Your username;
Other information that helps us make sure it’s you accessing your account or helps us improve our services.
The approximate physical location information that you provide;
Links to your profiles on various social networks;
Details about the games you play.
Information You Generate Using Our Services
We’ll collect information about the ways you use and interact with our Services.
When you use our Services, we’ll collect information about the ways in which you use and interact with our Services, such as when and for how long you play our games, game features and other players you interact with, purchases you make, progress or levels you achieve, and other gameplay activities.
Payment Information
Information related to purchases you make while using our Services will be collected.
When purchasing in-game virtual currency or items in a game you play our third-party payment processor will collect the billing and financial information it needs to process your charges.
When you play games or access any of our other Services on connected third-party applications or platforms (like Facebook, Apple, Google, Paypal or Amazon), any purchases you make will be processed by that third-party application and subject to that third-party application’s terms of service and privacy policy. For these purchases, Kinkajoo LTD does not receive your financial information, but may receive non-financial information related to your purchases, like your name, approximate physical location, and the items purchased. The information Kinkajoo LTD receives depends on the game you’re playing and the third-party application. Kinkajoo LTD Terms of Service explain our policies and terms related to charges, billing, third-party credits, and virtual currencies. It is important to note that purchases of third-party credits or currencies are also subject to those parties’ terms of service and privacy policies.
Customer Support Correspondence
We’ll keep a record of any correspondence between us.
When contacting our Customer Support team, we will collect and store the contact information you provide them (generally, your name and e-mail address), information about your gameplay or activity on our Services and/or social network ID number. We will also store the communications you have with our Customer Service team and any additional information in those communications in order to provide better support and improve the quality of our Services.
Information About You That We Get From Connected Third-Party Applications, Including Social Networks
We’ll collect some information from other companies, including social networks, if you access our games through your accounts with those companies or you choose to connect your accounts with those companies to our games.
If you play  games or access any of our other Services on connected third-party applications or connect our Services to any third-party applications, including social networks like Facebook, Kinkajoo may receive certain information about you from the provider of the third-party application. The information we receive depends on the third-party application, your privacy settings, and, if applicable, your friends’ privacy settings on that third-party application.
Kinkajoo LTD may collect and store some or all of the following information from the provider of the connected third-party application:
your first and last name;
your profile picture or its URL;
your user identification number (like your Facebook ID number), which may be linked to publicly-available information like your name and profile photo;
your friends’ user ID numbers.
If you access our Services from a third-party application or connect our Services to a third-party application, you should also read that third-party application’s terms of service and privacy policy.
Cookies and Other Automated Information Collection
We’ll collect information about your device and how you use our Services, including using cookies.
We use cookies and other similar technologies (e.g., beacons, pixel tags, clear gifs, and device identifiers) to recognize you and/or your device(s) on, off, and across different Services and devices. You can control or opt out of the use of cookies and similar technologies that track your behavior on the sites of others for third-party advertising.
We, our service providers, and our business partners use these cookies and other similar technologies to collect and analyze certain kinds of technical information, including:
IP address;
the type of computer or mobile device you are using;
platform type (like Apple iOS or Android);
your operating system version;
your mobile device’s identifiers, like your MAC Address, Apple Identifier For Advertising (IDFA), and/or Android Advertising ID (AAID);
application performance and de-bugging information;
your browser type and language;
the number of clicks on an app feature or web page;
the amount of time spent on an app feature or web page;
domain names;
pages viewed and the order of those pages; 
game state and the date and time of activity on our Services.
In some cases, we will connect the above information with your social network ID.
If you play games on a mobile device, in addition to your device identifiers (described above), we may also collect:
your country;
your specific geolocation (with your permission);
If you want to adjust your privacy preferences on your device, please see How to Access, Update, and Manage Your Personal Information.
How We Use Information We Collect and Our Legal Bases for Processing It
We use your information to provide, personalize, maintain the security of, and improve the Services you use; to maintain our business operations; and to exercise, defend or establish our rights.
We use your information under several legal bases, including to perform our contract with you, for our legitimate business interests, to comply with our legal obligations, or otherwise with your consent.
The main use of the information we collect and store is to improve your gaming experience and to provide you with the Services you request from us. Additional uses for which we collect and store your information include:
Improving and optimizing our Services and our players’ experiences;
Creating your game accounts which allows you to play our games and track your progress;
Enabling connections with other players;
Enabling interactions between players;
Providing technical support and responding to player inquiries;
Protecting rights and property in connection with our Services;
Preventing fraud or potentially illegal activities, and enforcing our Terms of Service;
Managing and delivering contextual and behavioral advertising;
Administering rewards,contests, promotional activities, or events sponsored or managed by either us or our business partners;
Ensuring compliance with our legal obligations, resolve any disputes we may have with you or other players, and enforcing our agreements with third parties;
Conducting research.
If you are located in the European Countries, our legal basis for collecting and using the information described above depends on what the information is and the context in which we collect it.
However, we’ll normally collect information from you only where we need it to perform our contract with you (i.e.,our Terms of Service), where the processing is in our legitimate interests (provided that these aren’t overridden by your interests or rights), or if we otherwise have your consent.
In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect information from you or may otherwise need the personal information to protect your vital interests or those of another person (for example, another player).
If we ask you to provide information to comply with a legal requirement or to perform a contract with you, this will normally be clear from the context in which we are asking you to provide your information (for example, when we ask you to provide a username to access our services, this will be to create an account for you in accordance with our Terms of Service), and, if not, we will provide an explanation to you at the relevant time. We will also make clear whether providing information is mandatory.
Similarly, if we collect and use your information in reliance on our legitimate interests (or those of any third party), it will be made clear to you at the relevant time what those legitimate interests are (such as personalizing our services and marketing, for example).
If you have questions or need further information about the legal bases on which we collect and use your personal information, please contact support@rummikub-apps.com
How We Share Information
Your information will be shared with third parties when you use our Services under the circumstances described in this section.
Some of your information will be shared with your friends and other players that you’re playing with to facilitate your gaming interactions with them.
We may share your information, including personal information, with third parties or allow third parties to collect this information from our Services in the following circumstances:
Friends and Other Players
Our games and Services support and often encourage you to interact with other players. If you play through a social network or connect to a social network (for example, Facebook), your social network friends who also play the game may see your name, photo, in-game player’s profile and in-game online status.
In addition, in many games, other players, regardless of whether they are your social network friends, will be able to see your in-game player profile; view descriptions of your in-game activity; send you game requests or friend requests through our Services or the related social network.
Third-Party Advertising Including Behavioral Advertising and Analytics
We’ll share some of your information with advertisers to tailor the advertisements you see when you use our Services to your interests and to enable us to offer some of our Services for free or to reward players.
These advertisements may include, without limitation, banner ads, full-screen ads and rewarded video ads.
We do not actively share personal information that directly identifies you with third-party advertisers for their direct marketing purposes unless you give us your consent.
To enable advertisers, ad networks providers to serve you with more relevant ads, they may collect the following types of information when you use our Services:
performance data (like the number of clicks on an advertisement);
certain technical information (like IP address, non-persistent device identifier such as IDFA, and de-identified persistent device identifier such as a hashed Android ID);
In addition to serving you with relevant ads, the information collected may be used to:
measure how effective ads are;
offer you targeted advertising (both on and off our Services) in order to personalize your experience by showing you advertisements for products and services that are more likely to appeal to you (a practice known as interest-based advertising or behavioral advertising); and/or
undertake web analytics to analyze traffic and other player activity to improve your experience.
Advertisers or ad networks may collect this information through the use of cookies and other similar tracking technologies, and they may use a single tracking technology or multiple tracking technologies at the same time.
Please note, after clicking on a third-party advertisement or offer, you may no longer be on a site or app controlled by Kinkajoo LTD.
If you do not want to receive tailored in-application advertisements from third parties, please see How to Access, Update, and Manage Your Personal Information. Please note that the practices of third-party companies delivering advertisements on our Services are subject to those companies’ own privacy policies.
Third-Party Service Providers
We’ll share your information with the third-party service providers and business partners that we work with to bring you our Services.
We will share your information with third-party companies who perform services on our behalf, like payment processing, analytics, hosting services, and advertising optimization. We will also share your information with our third-party business partners who assist us in delivering and optimizing our Services, such as our platform partners (Apple, Google, Facebook, Amazon, etc.). Where we share your information with third-party service providers and business partners, we ensure that we have appropriate agreements in place to protect your information (as required by applicable data protection laws).
Your Rights and How to Access, Update, and Manage Your Personal Information
European Countries’ Users’ Rights
If you’re a user located in the European Countries, you have certain rights with respect to your personal information.
If you are located in the European Countries, you have the following data protection rights:
You can access or request deletion of your personal information by submitting a request by mail to: support@rummikub-apps.com
If we have collected and processed your personal information with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
If you want to stop receiving push notifications, which are messages an app sends you on your mobile device even when the app is not on, you can turn off push notifications by visiting your mobile device’s “settings” page.
Our Policies Concerning Children
We seek to ensure that we do not collect information from children.
Generally speaking, most of our Services are not intended for children under the age of 13 (or under 16 for children located in the European Countries) (collectively, “Children”). Children are not permitted to use these Services, and we do not knowingly collect any personal information from Children.
Though our Services do not target Children as the primary audience, we may collect age information before allowing a user to proceed for certain Services. For users who identify themselves as Children in our age-gate on such Services, if we allow Children to use the Services, we will either provide a version of that Service that does not collect, use, or disclose “personal information” (as defined in the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”)), except as permitted by COPPA, or obtain legally valid parental consent.
If we learn that we have inadvertently gathered personal information that is not subject to a COPPA exception from a Child, we will take reasonable measures to promptly remove that information from our records.
How Long We Keep Your Information
We’ll keep your information for as long as necessary to provide you with the Services, maintain our legitimate business operations, and/or exercise, defend or establish our rights.
How long we retain your personal information depends on why we collected it and how we use it, but we will not retain your personal information for longer than is necessary for our business purposes or for legal requirements.
We will retain personal information about you and connected with your account and/or the Services you use from us for as long as you have an active account with us. We may take reasonable measures to delete this personal information if you delete your account. However, you acknowledge that we may retain some information after you have closed, or we have deleted, your account with us where necessary to enable us to meet our legal obligations or to exercise, defend, or establish our rights.
Security of Your Information
We work hard to protect your information but you also have a role to play.
We implement reasonable and appropriate security measures to help protect the security of your information both online and offline and to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy. These measures vary based upon the sensitivity of your information.
When you sign into your account or enter payment information, we and our third-party payment processor use encryption to transmit that information.
While we take precautions against possible security breaches of our Services and our customer databases and records, no website or Internet transmission is completely secure. We cannot guarantee that unauthorized access, hacking, data loss, or other breaches will never occur, and we cannot guarantee the security of your information while it is being transmitted to our Service. Any transmission is at your own risk. If you have questions about the security of our websites, please Contact Us.
Contact Us
You can contact us with your questions, comments, or concerns.
support@rummikub-apps.com
©2024 All rights Reserved to Rummikub
®