VORTEC, INC. PRIVACY POLICY

This privacy policy (this "Policy") describes the practices Author, and any affiliates, (collectively "we", "us", "our") with respect to our collection, use, storage and disclosure of personal information provided to us from users of our App. This Policy forms an integral part of Terms of Use Agreement, which is incorporated by reference. Any capitalized term used but not defined in this Policy will have the meaning defined in the Terms of Use Agreement.

Introduction:
We respect and uphold individual rights to privacy and the protection of personal information. We know how important it is to protect Your personal information and want to make every customer experience safe and secure. In keeping with that goal, we have developed this Policy to explain our practices for the collection, use, and disclosure of Your personal information.

For the purposes of this Policy, "personal information" means information about an identifiable individual, including, for example, an individual's height, birth date, name, home address, telephone number, sex, income and marital status. We will only collect, use or disclose personal information in accordance with this Policy, or in accordance with laws applicable to the collection, use and disclosure of Your personal information by us ("Applicable Privacy Laws").

We have appointed a Privacy Officer who is responsible for our compliance with this Policy. Information on how to contact the Privacy Officer can be found below.

Collection And Use Of Personal Information:
We collect two types of information through our App: personal information and non-personal information. The types of information we collect depend on the nature of Your interaction with us.

Personal Information:
We may collect personal information such as:

Your contact information - for example, Your name and email address;
Your personal preferences - for example, language preferences, and marketing consent; and
Your profile information - for example, photographs You upload, and other information You provide in Your personal profile, such as Your interests, marital status, Your height, weight and occupation.

Non-Personal Information:
Non-personal information does not identify You as an individual. For example:

we may collect certain non-personal data when You use our App, such as the type of phone You are using or version of operating system; or
we may collect and summarize customer information in a non-personal, aggregate format for statistical and research purposes. We may, for example, summarize our data to determine that a certain percentage of users are male, aged 18 to 25.

You may choose not to provide us with Your personal information. However, if You make this choice we may not be able to provide You with the service, or information that You requested. For example, we require Your email address in order to verify Your account, which is necessary to reduce the number of invalid profiles.

Use Of Personal Information:
We may use Your personal information for a number of different business purposes, for example to:

create and display Your online dating profile to other users of the App;
show other users when You have viewed their profiles;
compare Your profile and preferences with that of other users to provide both You and other users with potential matches;
provide customer support to assist You with Your questions or complaints;
conduct surveys in order to improve our services;
advise You of changes to our services, or new services that we may implement from time to time;
measure and improve the effectiveness of our App or our marketing endeavours;
detect and protect against fraud and error;
track and analyze Your preferences to better understand Your service needs and eligibility; and
for other purposes as described in this Policy.

We limit the personal information we collect and use to that which is necessary to fulfill our business purposes. We will not collect, sell, distribute or use personal information for any other purposes without Your further consent, except to the extent as required by law or as authorized by Applicable Privacy Laws.

Your Consent:
When You choose to provide us with Your personal information You consent to the use of Your personal information as identified in this Policy and as may be further identified at the time of collection.

Express Consent:
Sometimes You will be asked to give Your express consent to our collection, use or disclosure of personal information - for example, by being asked to check a box to indicate Your consent to receive marketing communications.

Implied Consent:
Other times, You may provide Your implied consent to our collection, use or disclosure of personal information when we can reasonably conclude that You have given consent by some action You have taken or an action You have decided not to take. Generally, this occurs where the purpose for the use of Your personal information would be reasonably apparent to You - for example, when You provide us with personal information through forms to populate Your online dating profile, You provide us with implied consent to publish that information for other users of the App to view.

Withdrawing Your Consent:
You may notify us at any time that You wish to withdraw or change Your consent to our use and disclosure of Your information. We will accommodate Your request subject to legal and contractual restrictions.

Information We May Collect Directly From You:
Listed here are some further examples of the ways that we collect personal information directly from You and how we use it.

Follow-Up and Surveys:
From time to time, we may send You a follow-up letter to thank You for Your use of the App, or we may contact You to ensure that You are completely satisfied.

We may use contact information collected online to conduct occasional surveys and other customer research. These surveys are entirely voluntary and You may easily decline to participate.

Our Mobile Applications:
When You use a mobile device to access our site and download any of our applications, we may collect device information (such as Your mobile device ID, model and manufacturer), operating system and version information, and IP address.

We collect Your geolocational information only upon Your consent. 

Matching:
From time to time we will use some elements of Your personal information (such as Your personal preferences or Your profile information) to generate and send You a list of possible matches from among our other users.

Information We Collect Automatically:
In some cases, we automatically collect certain information.

Supplementing Information:
From time to time we may supplement information You give us with information from other sources, such as information validating Your address or other available information You have provided us. This is to help us maintain the accuracy of the information we collect and to help us provide better service.

Disclosure And Sharing Of Your Information:
We do not sell or license Your personal information to any other party. However, in the normal course of business we may share some of Your personal information with our affiliates and with third parties acting on our behalf or as permitted or required by Applicable Privacy Laws.

Service Providers:
We may use third party service providers (for example, web hosting providers, data management providers and/or payment processers) to manage one of more aspects of our business operations, including the processing or handing of personal information. When we do use an outside company, we use contractual or other appropriate means to ensure that Your personal information is used in a manner that is consistent with this Policy.

Information Shared Amongst Our Affiliates, Subsidiaries and Divisions:
We may share personal information gathered on our App with and amongst our corporate subsidiaries, affiliates or divisions for internal business purposes in accordance with this Policy. If we do, we will ensure that Your information continues to be used only in accordance with this Policy and Your expressed choices.

Legal Disclosure:
We may disclose Your information as permitted or required by law. For example, we may be compelled to release information by a court of law or other person or entity with jurisdiction to compel production of such information. If we have reasonable grounds to believe information could be useful in the investigation of improper or unlawful activity, we may disclose information to law enforcement agencies or other appropriate investigative bodies.

Security Of Personal Information:
The security of Your personal information is a high priority for us. We maintain appropriate safeguards and current security standards to protect Your personal information, whether recorded on paper or captured electronically, against unauthorized access, disclosure, or misuse. For example, electronic records are stored in secure, limited-access servers; we employ technological tools like firewalls and passwords; and we ensure our employees are trained on the importance of maintaining the security and confidentiality of personal information. Reasonably secure methods are used whenever we destroy personal information. For example, we currently use SSL encryption with a 2048 bit RSA key digital certificate. However, no system can be completely secure. While Author takes steps to secure Your information, we do not promise, and You should not expect, that Your personal information will always remain secure.

Requests For Access To And Correction Of Personal Information:
Applicable Privacy Laws allows any individual the right to access and/or request the correction of errors or omissions in his or her personal information that is in our custody or under our control. Our Privacy Officer will assist the individual with the access request. This includes:

identification of personal information under our custody or control; and
information about how personal information under our control may be or has been used by us.

We will respond to requests within the time allowed by Applicable Privacy Laws and will make every effort to respond as accurately and completely as possible. Any corrections made to personal information will be promptly sent to any organization it was disclosed to.

In certain exceptional circumstances, we may not be able to provide access to certain personal information it holds about an individual. For security purposes, not all personal information is accessible and amendable by the Privacy Officer. If access or corrections cannot be provided, we will notify the individual making the request within 30 days, in writing, of the reasons for the refusal.

Removal of your information:
We keep Your information only as long as we need it for legitimate business purposes and to meet any legal requirements. Personal information used to make a decision that directly affects an individual will be kept for at least one year after such a decision. We have retention standards that meet these parameters.


Last Updated On July 10, 2016