Privacy Policy
By visiting
acaia.co
or using any of our APPs, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
Personal information
The only personal information we collect is the information that you provide.
Our general policy is not to make personal information provided online available to anyone other than our employees and agents, and only when required, except in the limited circumstances described in this Policy.
We may collect personal information from users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when users visit
acaia.co
, place an order, subscribe to the newsletter, respond to a survey, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our website. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, location and/or certain personal information, such as your gender, and/or to log in through a social media account or third-party application. We will collect personal information from users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply their personal information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website related activities.
If you use our services by logging in through a social media account or through a third-party application we may also receive personal information about you which is provided by such social network and/or third-party application, including information regarding your lifestyle. Please check the policies of such social network and/or third-party application in order to understand what information we receive. If we enable direct payment through our services, we will collect and store billing and credit card information. We also collect information regarding your coffee preferences, which you voluntarily provide when creating an advanced profile. It is your voluntary decision whether to provide us with any such personal information, but if you refuse to provide such information we may not be able to register you to use our services.
Non-personal information
We may collect non-personal information about users whenever they interact with our website or apps. Non-personal information may include the device name, the type of device and technical information about a user’s means of connection to our application, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
How we use collected information
Acaia Corp. may collect and use a user’s personal information for the following purposes:
To improve customer service
Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
To personalize user experience
We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our users as a group use the services and resources provided on our website.
To improve our website and applications
We may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.
To send periodic emails
We may use the email address provided by users to send information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests. If a user decides to opt in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the user would like to unsubscribe, we include detailed instructions for doing so at the bottom of each email.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our website. Any usage information collected via our apps are anonymized and cannot be used to identify a user.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent users’ personal information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above. We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and apps or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that you have given us your permission.
With your consent, we may share your personal information with business partners with whom we may jointly offer products or services, or whose products or services may be offered through our services. You can tell when a third party is involved in a product or service because their name will appear, either alone or with ours. If you choose to use these products or services, we may share information about you, including your personal information, with those partners. Please note that we do not control the privacy practices of these third-party business partners. If you wish to no longer allow that third party to use your information you may opt out by contacting that third party directly. All data partners used by Acaia, if any, are GDPR compliant
Third party services
Users may find advertising or other content on our website that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to from our site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our site, is subject to that website's own terms and policies.
Changes to this privacy policy
Acaia Corp. has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
GDPR compliance
The EU’s General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR) took effect on May 25, 2018, and we are fully behind the spirit of these regulations for a safe and secure Internet. We aspire to embrace privacy by design and, whenever possible, to not collect and store personal information.
Our Privacy Policy contains mentions of the few instances where personal information is required. Typically, this will include an email address in order to log in to our apps or website.
Overall, we aim for privacy by default: if data collection is not integral to the way our product works, then we won’t collect it. This approach has felt very much in line with the spirit of GDPR, and we’re fortunate that a lot of these data collection practices have been in place at Acaia for some time. As such, you may see a few banners or forms requesting consent for us to collect personal information for tracking or other purposes. We don’t deem this information necessary to provide Acaia's services to you, and we choose not to engage in activities and strategies that make this data relevant.
At any time, you may request your information to be sent to you for review, and we honor any requests by you to have your information deleted and forgotten.
Request for App Account Deletion
The account you use for all Acaia apps is unified. Deleting it is an irreversible action.
To delete your account and all associated data stored in the Acaia cloud, please contact us at
support@acaia.co
. Please use your associated email address when inquiring. We may need to verify your information and request additional confirmation. Should this be necessary, we will contact you before proceeding with data deletion.
APP PERMISSIONS
Location Access:
Some of our apps require access to your location, even when running in the background, in order for Bluetooth connectivity to work. Rest assured that Acaia does not receive or store any location information from these apps.
Anonymous Analytics:
To help identify and address potential issues, some of our apps may incorporate third-party analytics components. As part of this process, these components may gather location data from users. Please note that this data is entirely anonymous, unconnected to individual user accounts, and is not shared with Acaia in any capacity.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact
us at:
privacy-officer＠acaia.co
This document was last updated on September 6, 2023