Table of Contents
Protecting Your Privacy
What Personal Information Do We Collect?
How Do We Use Your Information?
Who Do We Share Your Information With?
How Long Do We Keep Your Personal Information?
Is My Information Secure?
Does My Information Go Across Borders?
Is Sensitive Information Collected?
What Choices Do I Have Regarding The Collection, Use, and Distribution Of My Personal Information?
What Happens When I Remove A Game or Unsubscribe From A Newsletter?
Children’s Privacy
Information for Residents of California and Certain Other U.S. States
Changes to the Policy
Contact Us
PIKPOK PRIVACY POLICY NOTICE
Effective Date: June 17, 2024
(Last Updated June 17, 2024)
Previous policy
We respect your privacy rights and protect the personal information collected, stored and used in connection with our products, services and websites. Your privacy is important to us. To further this commitment, we have adopted this Privacy Policy to guide you on how we collect, store, and use the information you may provide to us, and to inform you of your rights under applicable law. Please take a moment to familiarize yourself with our privacy practices and let us know if you have any questions.
1. Protecting Your Privacy
This Privacy Policy applies to any PikPok game, website, application, service or tool (collectively, our “Services”).
We are committed to protecting the privacy of all people who use our Services. Being a New Zealand company, we comply with New Zealand’s Privacy Act 2020 (“
Privacy Act
”) and follow the privacy principles that are a part of the Privacy Act. Additionally, we seek to comply with relevant laws from the United States of America, including:  the federal Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“
COPPA
”), the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (collectively, the “
CCPA
”) and the Controlling the Assault of Non-Solicited Pornography And Marketing Act of 2003 (“
CAN-SPAM
”), which covers the transmission of commercial email messages with the primary purpose of advertising or promoting a product. For Individuals located in the EU, we also seek to follow the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“
GDPR
”). For purposes of this Privacy Policy and GDPR, PikPok is the data Controller with regard to any data we collect from you, unless otherwise specified.  For individuals located in Brazil, we also seek to follow the
Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados
(commonly referred to as the “
LGPD
”).  For individuals located in Colombia, we also seek to follow the Ley de Protección de Datos Personales (commonly referred to as
“Law 1581 of 2012”
), Decree 1377 of 2013, and other related regulations.
Disclosure to Residents of the US states:
In our efforts to comply with applicable laws,
we ask and advise that residents review the Disclosure at Section 12 of this Privacy Policy.
Although we do not sell user data, we will provide notice if at any time those circumstances change.
Disclosure to Residents of Brazil:
The LGPD grants residents of Brazil certain rights about the processing of their personal information and
we ask and advise that residents of Brazil review the Additional Rights at Section 9 of this Privacy Policy.
Disclosure to Residents of Colombia:
Law 1581 of 2012 and Decree 1377 of 2013 grant residents of Colombia certain rights regarding the processing of their personal information, and
we ask and advise that residents of Colombia review the Additional Rights Section 9 of this Privacy Policy.
Learn more: Protecting Your Privacy
Prodigy Design Limited, trading as PikPok (“PikPok”) provides interactive software products (“Games”) via online services such as Apple iOS App Store, Apple iOS TV App Store, Google Play Store, Amazon App Store, Amazon Underground App Store, Apple Mac App Store, PlayStation Network, Oculus Rift, Samsung App Store, Steam, Windows PC Store, Windows Phone Store, Xbox Live Arcade, Facebook, Bandcamp, and Zazzle.
We own and operate various websites and their subdomains including but not limited to www.pikpok.com (our “Sites”) to provide access to information about PikPok, the Games and products, message boards, head to head match play or provide technical support to PikPok users (collectively, our “Content”).
We are providing this Privacy Policy solely to inform you of our practices and procedures concerning our collection, use and processing of your data, as well as your rights with regard to that data. This Privacy Policy is not a contract, and your acceptance and approval are only required where we request your consent to collect certain types of data. However, you are required to comply at all times with the Terms of Use of our Services (located at:
http://www.pikpok.com/terms-of-use
), and any violation thereof or abuse of our Services, including violations that may impact your privacy rights or the privacy rights of other users, may lead to the suspension or termination of your access to our Services.
2. What Personal Information Do We Collect?
Learn more: What personal information do we collect?
Our Sites
While you are browsing our Sites, your computer’s operating system, Internet Protocol (IP) address, access times, browser type and language and referring website addresses may be logged automatically. We may use this information to monitor and analyze your use of our Services. In addition, we may ask you to submit and we may process data that is personal to you, including but not limited to your name, profile photo, gender, age or birthday, links to your profiles on social networking websites and other third party sites, usernames and email and postal addresses. We may use this information to create a user profile customized to you. We may use your email address or social media handle to contact you about your experience with our Sites and to notify you about PikPok news and promotions. Your gender and birthday may be used to analyze user trends and target certain promotions to you. Your postal address may be used if we have merchandise or other physical promotional materials to send to you.
Forums
You may, from time to time, have the ability to post content to a blog, message board, chat room or within our Services or other public forums such as our Facebook page (“Forums”). You should be aware that any visitor to the Forums may read anything you post or any information you voluntarily make available on the Forums. For example, any information that you post to a Forum, including your username or other account profile information, will be publicly displayed to all users and viewers of that Forum. Please be aware that we cannot secure any information or statements you personally make available on our public Forums, and you provide such information at your own risk. We do not author, edit, endorse, or monitor any Forum. However, we can remove information you have posted if you contact us at
privacysupport@pikpok.com
. In the alternative, and if the feature is available on the Forum in question, you may also have the option to delete your posts directly.  Although we cannot ensure that historical versions, such as cached versions of your post made available through search engines, will not be shared or stored by third parties, upon your request we will do our best to remove such posts from our own application and pages.
iOS and Android Platforms
When you use any of our Services on a mobile platform, we may collect and record certain information such as your unique device ID (persistent / non-persistent), hardware type, media access control (“MAC”) address, international mobile equipment identity (“IMEI”), the version of your operating system (“OS”), your device name, your email address (if you have connected to Facebook or you Google Account), and your location (based on your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address). This information is useful to us for troubleshooting and helps us understand usage trends. In addition, we create a unique user ID to track your use of our Services. This unique user ID is stored in connection with your profile information to track the Games you are playing, so that we can always make the Games you play available to you.
Facebook Connect, Apple’s Game Center, and your Google Account
You may connect your PikPok user account to your accounts on the following social networking services (“SNS”): Facebook, Apple’s Game Center, and your Google Account. We may collect and record information through an SNS in accordance with the policies and terms of that SNS. The information we collect when you connect your PikPok user account to an SNS may include: (1) your name, (2) your SNS user identification number and/or user name, (3) profile picture or its URL, and (4) the SNS user identification numbers for your contacts who are also connected to our Games.
If you want us to delete the data we receive from Facebook, Apple’s Game Center, or your Google Account about you, please contact us at
privacysupport@pikpok.com
Invite a Friend
PikPok may offer you the opportunity to invite your contacts from an SNS (such as your Facebook friends) so that those contacts can be located in our Games and/or you can invite them to join you in playing our Games. Such contact information will be used only for the purpose of sending communications to the addressee. You or the third party may contact us at
privacysupport@pikpok.com
to request the removal of this information from our database to the extent we store any of this information.
Customer Service
We may collect your name, email addresses, postal addresses, and/or telephone calls with names and numbers to return calls when you contact our customer service group. We use that information to contact you about your experience with our Services and notify you about PikPok news and promotions.
Game Data Collection
Whenever you play our Games, we collect data about your interactions with the Game and with the other users inside the Game via server log files. We use this information to help improve your Game experience and monitor the performance of the Game.
Other Collection
We may also acquire information from you through your access and participation in message boards on the Services, your participation in surveys regarding the Services, or your participation in a sweepstakes or contest through the Services.
Cookies
A cookie is a small text file that we transfer to your computer and/or device, to identify a user’s computer/device and to “remember” things about your visit to our Sites and use of our Services, such as your preferences or a username and password. Information contained in a cookie may be linked to your personal information for purposes such as improving the quality of our Services (e.g., improving a user interface or method of input based on how our end users use our Services), tailoring recommendations to your interests (e.g., personalized ads you want to see, personalized interface or Game play), and making the Services easier to use (e.g., including accessibility options or making certain features more prominent). You can disable cookies at any time, although by doing so, you may not be able to access or use all of the features of our Services.
We may feature advertisements served by third parties that deliver cookies to your computer/device so the Content you access and advertisements you see can be tracked. Since the third party advertising companies associate your computer/device with a number, they will be able to recognize your computer/device each time they send you an advertisement. These advertisers may use information about your use of our Services and third party sites and applications in order to measure advertisement performance and to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. This Privacy Policy does not apply to, and we are not responsible for the data collection practices of these third party advertisers, and we encourage you to review their privacy policies (provided below) to learn more about their use of cookies and other technology.
You may click on the following link:
http://www.networkadvertising.org
(or such other URL as may be specified by us from time to time) (or such other URL as may be specified by us from time to time) for information on how to opt-out of the use of cookies for the delivery of more relevant advertising.
Third Party Services
Our Services may contain third party tracking tools from our service providers, examples of which include tracking tools from Amazon Pinpoint, Google Analytics, Unity Analytics, Appsflyer and AppSumer. Such third parties may use cookies and other software tools in our Services to enable them to collect and analyze user information on our behalf. We use this information to: assist us in providing player feedback to improve player experiences in our Games and apps, manage crash reports and bug reporting, process payments, and prevent, detect, mitigate and prohibit security breaches and/or fraud.  These third parties may have access to information such as your device identifier, MAC address, IMEI, locale (specific location where a given language is spoken), geolocation information, and IP address.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to any third-party websites, services or applications, even if they are accessible through our Services.  We encourage you to review the privacy policies of any other service provider from whom you request services. If you visit a third party website that is linked to our Sites or Games, you should consult that website’s privacy policy before providing any personal information.
The service providers that PikPok uses can be found
here
.
Ad and Offer Networks
We may feature advertising and offers within our Services. The advertisers may collect and use information about you, such as your session activity within our Services, advertising identifier, device identifier, MAC address, IMEI, geolocation information, and IP address. They may use this information to provide advertisements of interest to you.
We encourage you to review the privacy policies of any other service provider from whom you request services. If you visit a third party website that is linked to our Sites or Games, you should consult that website’s privacy policy before providing any personal information.
The advertising partners that PikPok users across its Games can be found
here
.
In addition, you may see our Games advertised in other services. After clicking on one of these advertisements and installing our Game, you will become a user of our Services. In order to verify the installs, a device identifier may be shared with the advertiser.
Subscribe
We may use the email address you provide to us at
www.pikpok.com/subscribe
to contact you with newsletters, marketing, or promotional materials. You can easily opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email we send, or by contacting the Privacy Officer via the information provided in the “Contact Us” section below.
3. How Do We Use Your Information?
We use your personal information to provide and improve our Services, provide you with a personalized experience on our Sites, contact you about your account and our Services, provide you customer service, provide you with personalized advertising and marketing, and to detect, prevent, mitigate and investigate fraudulent or illegal activities.
Learn More: How Do We Use Your Information?
We use the personal information we collect from you for a range of different business purposes and according to different legal bases of processing. The following is a summary of how and according to which legal bases we collect and use your personal information.
We use your personal information to fulfill a contract with you and provide you with our Services, to comply with our legal obligations, protect your vital interest, or as may be required for the public good. This includes to:
Provide and deliver products and services at your request;
Create game accounts that allow users to play our Games;
Send you related information, including confirmations, invoices, technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;
Prevent, detect, mitigate, and investigate fraud, security breaches or other potentially prohibited or illegal activities; and
Enforce our Terms of Service or other policies, and to comply with this Privacy Policy, our internal data protection processes, and applicable laws.
We use your personal information to pursue our legitimate interests where your rights and freedoms do not outweigh these interests, and we only collect the minimal information necessary to pursue such legitimate interests. This includes to:
Operate and improve our Games and Sites;
Understand you and your preferences to enhance your experience and enjoyment using our Games and Sites;
Communicate with you about promotions, rewards, upcoming events, and other news about products and Services offered by PikPok and our selected partners;
Identify and suggest connections with other PikPok users;
Respond to your comments and questions and provide customer service;
Link or combine it with other information we get from third parties, to help understand your preferences and provide you with better Services;
Enable third parties to collect device information and personal information solely to deliver contextual or non-personalised advertising; and
Vetting and engaging in promotional partnerships for our games
Internally measure our marketing campaign performance.
Internally measure our social media and community engagement performance
With your consent, we may use your personal information to:
Provide personalised or interest-based advertising.
We actively minimize the amount of data we collect about you in connection with our legitimate interests, and only collect the minimal data necessary to provide our Services consistent with our legitimate interests. By way of example, our Games are generally free-to-play and supported substantially through in-game advertisements.  We only collect the minimal amount of information about your device as may be necessary to deliver such advertisements, such as your device information, IP address, the country where you are located, and other such information necessary to display non-personalised ads via our third party providers. Where additional information is collected for the purpose of providing personalised ads, we require your consent before we will collect or share that information.
4. Who Do We Share Your Information With?
We do not share your personal information except as approved with your consent or as described below. We do not sell or rent your personally identifiable information to any third party, although non-personally identifiable information may be used to assist advertisers in targeting their services to specific user demographics. For example, we may provide third party advertisers with the aggregate number of males of a certain age in a specific country who are playing one of our Games.
Learn More: How Do We Use Your Information?
We share statistics of each user’s activities and data within reports that are used internally and externally by our publishing and distribution partners to analyze our Games, their features and performance.
With your consent, for example, when you agree to us sharing your information with third parties and advertising networks for their own marketing purposes subject to their separate privacy policies.
We may release your information as permitted by law or when we believe that release is appropriate to comply with applicable law; enforce or apply our rights; or protect the rights, property, or safety of use or our uses or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection.
We may share your information in connection with any merger, sale of our assets, or financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
We may share aggregate or anonymous information about you with advertisers, publishers, business partners, sponsors, and other third parties.
5. How Long Do We Keep Your Personal Information?
We retain your personal information for as long as necessary to provide the Services you have requested, or for other essential purposes such as complying with our legal obligations, resolving disputes, and enforcing our Terms of Use, end user license agreements, and other contracts in place with third parties, including but not limited to our third party service providers and independent data controllers. Upon your request to remove your data, we will do our best to remove such data immediately, and in no event will we retain any data requested for removal more than thirty (30) business days after the date of the request.
6. Is My Information Secure?
The security, integrity and confidentiality of your information are extremely important to us. We have implemented technical, administrative and physical security measures that are designed to protect your information from unauthorized access, disclosure, use and modification. From time to time, we review our security procedures to consider appropriate new technology and methods. Please be aware though that, despite our best efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable.
All gameplay services provided to you by PikPok are hosted using various Amazon Web Services (AWS).  AWS is a global leader in cloud technology and has robust data protection, privacy policies and processes in place.  For more information, see
https://aws.amazon.com/security/
and
https://aws.amazon.com/compliance/data-privacy-faq/
.
7. Does My Information Go Across Borders?
We use third party servers in the United States to host some or all of our Games and we use our own servers at our facilities in New Zealand to store information and archives. Therefore, your personal information may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ from those from your jurisdiction.  We take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your personal information will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place, including the security of your data and other personal information.  Our third parties have executed or provided to us adequate safeguards in the form of our standard Data Protection Addendum to our agreements with those third parties, which we can provide to you upon your request by contacting
privacysupport@pikpok.com
.
Where you have the option to withdraw consent to opt out of any collection where your data is transferred across borders, you may do so.  The transfer of such data is typically for the purpose of providing our Services to you, as specified above. Consequently, any request to delete or modify such personal information may result in the termination or interruption of our Services with respect to your usage of such Services.
8. Is Sensitive Information Collected?
We do not ask you to provide any “sensitive information” as a requirement to use our Sites or any of our Games. “Sensitive Information” means any personal information related to your health or sex life, genetic or biometric data, race, ethnicity, political views, religion, professional status, philosophical view, and trade or union affiliation. Sensitive Information that you disclose to “everyone” on a discussion forum or through a social networking site in connection with a Game may be collected and held by us in accordance with this Privacy Policy. We do not use or share Sensitive Information with third parties. Please contact us if you have any questions or concerns about any Sensitive Information that you may have disclosed to us or to other users during your use of a Game that we may have collected. We do collect non-personally identifiable information regarding Game usage, including but not limited to, the top country, city and language by aggregate usage as provided by the social networking sites.
9. Your rights to access, control, and correct your personal information
You have the right to see what personally identifiable information we hold about you if you request it. If your request is particularly complex or requires detailed searching of our records, there may be a cost to you in order for us to provide you with this information.  We will aim to respond to any requests within thirty (30) days of receipt.
Learn More : Ways you can access, control, and correct your personal information
Accessing and Controlling your Information
If you wish to modify the information you have provided, or obtain a copy of your information, or if you wish to cancel your account or withdraw your consent to some or all of the personal information collected that requires your consent, there are two methods that we provide.
Option 1 (Recommended):
In select Games from mid-2018, you can access and control your personal information from the Settings screen of the Game, by tapping support and going to the privacy section.
We will respond to your request within thirty (30) days. Please note that certain records, for example those pertaining to payments or customer service matters, will be retained for legal and accounting purposes. We may not be able to delete certain information you have provided to us directly through our Services or on our Forum, especially information you make publicly available.
Option 2:
You may send an email to
privacysupport@pikpok.com
. Place “[Delete/Change/Access/Request a Copy of] My Data” in the subject line (choose the word that best suits your request) and include:
Your PikPokPlus (User) ID (per Game).  You can find this in the settings screen of most of our Games.
The name of the PikPok Game(s) or Site(s) you are using.
Your first name, last name, email address which are used for communication purposes and keeping accurate recordings of processing.
Identify the information you would like to delete, change, or access.
If you are requesting a copy of your information, the file format you prefer.
Controlling Personalised Ads
You have the right to withdraw consent at any time for ongoing data collection that requires your consent, such as use in personalized ads. To reset or limit any personal data collected for the purposes of serving personalised ads in our Games:
For iOS devices with IOS14 and above
You can enable or disable tracking of personal data globally in Settings->Privacy->Allow Apps to Request to Track
You can Opt in to apps allowing them to track on an individual basis if you do not set the global option.
For iOS device with older versions of iOS
You can reset your advertising identifier in Settings->Privacy->Advertising->Reset Advertising Identifier.
Or limit ad tracking by enabling the Limit Ad Tracking option.
For more information see:
https://support.apple.com/en-nz/HT202074
.
For Android devices
Open Google Settings on your Android device by tapping on menu and then on Google Settings once all apps are displayed on the screen.
Locate and tap on the Ads menu under Services.
Tap on “Reset advertising ID” on the new page to prevent further tracking.
Tap the On/Off slider to Opt out of Ads Personalization
Some ad networks used in our Games and Sites request your consent before collecting any personal data for the purposes of serving personalised ads.  These typically include in-ad controls to allow you to adjust your privacy settings.
For Facebook ads, you can control your personalised ad settings in the privacy settings
here.
Information We Receive From a Social Networking Service (SNS) Where You Play Our Games
To manage the information we receive about you from an SNS where you play our Games, you will need to follow the instructions at that particular SNS for updating your information and changing your privacy settings. The privacy management tools for applications on Facebook can be found
here
. The privacy management tools for you Google Account can be found
here
. You can also manage certain aspects of information collection and use by going to the settings of your (mobile) device and reviewing the permissions for each application.
Once we receive your information from an SNS, that information is stored and used by us in accordance with this Privacy Policy, and you may access and update that information as described below. Game or other accounts created with us are considered active until we receive a user request to delete or deactivate them.
Additional Rights
In addition to the rights described above, you also have the right to object to any collection practice where we have relied on a legitimate interest as described in detail herein. You may submit any such objection to
privacysupport@pikpok.com
. We will do our best to respond and take measures to mediate any such objection within thirty (30) days.
If you are dissatisfied in any way with our collection of your data, or if you have questions concerning this Privacy Policy, please contact us via the information provided in the “Contact Us” section below.
Individuals Located in the EU:
If we are unable to resolve any dispute with you, and you reside in an EU Member State, you may contact the regulatory authority in your Member State responsible for administering rights with regard to GDPR. You may also contact the reporting authority in the United Kingdom, the Information Commissioner’s Office, by following this link:
https://ico.org.uk/
.
Individuals Located in Brazil:
The LGPD grants you certain rights about the processing of your personal information.  In addition to any applicable rights mentioned above, eligible residents of Brazil also have the right: (i) to the anonymization, blocking, or elimination of your personal information, if you believe we are processing your personal information in an unnecessary, exceeding or non-compliant manner with the LGPD; (ii) to request the portability of your personal information; (iii) to request information about the entities with which we have shared your personal information; and (iv) to request information about the possibility and consequences of denying consent.  While our processing of personal information generally does not include automated decision-making, you are also entitled to a review of our decisions that are made solely based on automated processing of personal information that affect your interests.  Notwithstanding any other references to the contrary within this Privacy Policy, in accordance with the LGPD, we will respond to your request within fifteen (15) days after receipt and we will provide any requested information free of charge to you.  You may also file a complaint with the National Data Protection Authority in Brazil, the Autoridade Nacional de Proteção de Dados (“ANPD”) for alleged violations of the LGPD, in addition to or alternatively to seeking judicial redress.
Individuals located in Colombia:
Law 1581 of 2012 and Decree 1377 of 2013 grant you certain rights regarding the processing of your personal information. In addition to any applicable rights mentioned above, eligible residents of Colombia also have the right to (i) request proof of authorization, (ii) File complaints before the Colombian Superintendence of Industry and Commerce for violations of the provisions of the law, (iii) request information and/or file a claim if you consider that the information contained in a database must be corrected, updated or deleted, or when you notice an alleged breach of any of the duties contained in this law. Notwithstanding any other references to the contrary within this Privacy Policy, in accordance with Law 1581 of 2012, we will respond to your request within fifteen (15) days after receipt, and we will provide any requested information free of charge to you. When it is not possible to attend the claim within such terms, your party will be informed of the reasons for the delay and the date on which the claim will be attended. You may also file a complaint with the Colombian Superintendence of Industry and Commerce, the Superintendencia de Industria y Comercio (“SIC”), for alleged violations of Law 1581 of 2012 and other related regulations.
Individuals located in the United States of America:
For information and additional rights that may be available to individuals located in certain U.S. states, please review the “Additional Information for Residents of California and Certain Other U.S. States” at Section 12 of this Privacy Policy.
10. What Happens When I Remove A Game or Unsubscribe From A Newsletter?
You have the ability to opt-out of: receiving information and marketing emails from us; publishing your recent Game activity to your SNS page; bookmarking or displaying the Game page to others, and of course the ability to delete our Game and rescind any permissions required to operate such Game, at any time.
It is our responsibility to keep accurate, complete and up-to-date records, so any changes you make in a Game regarding your personal information will go into effect as quickly as technically possible. We reserve the right to retain the non-personally identifiable data collected during your use of the Game.
We have the right, pursuant to our Terms of Use, to delete messages, content and accounts in whole or in part, at our discretion, that we find offensive to the general public, uses profanity, causes complaints from other users, is not suitable for a general audience or infringes the intellectual property rights of any third party. For example, talk of drugs, alcohol, violence, strong language, gambling, crude humor, sexual themes or those suggestive in nature is prohibited.
11. Children’s Privacy
We recognize the need to provide further privacy protections with respect to personal information we may collect from children on our Services. Some of the features on our Sites and Games are age-gated so that they are not available for use by children, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children in connection with those features.
When we intend to collect personal information from children, we take additional steps to protect children’s privacy, including:
Notifying parents or guardians about our information practices with regard to children, including the types of personal information we may collect from children, the uses to which we may put that information, and whether and with whom we may share that information;
In accordance with applicable law, obtaining consent from a parent or guardian for the collection of personal information from their children, or for sending information about our products and Services directly to their children; and
Limiting our collection of personal information from children to no more than is reasonably necessary to participate in an online activity.
If you are a parent or guardian and wish to review or change the information we may have about your child, email us at
privacysupport@pikpok.com
.
12. Additional Information for Residents of California and Certain Other U.S. States
Under the laws of California and certain other U.S. states, including Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, and Virginia, the residents of those U.S. states who have an established business relationship with us may choose to opt out of our disclosure of personal information about them to third parties for direct marketing purposes. As detailed above, our policy is not to disclose personal information collected online to a third party for their direct marketing purposes without your approval. If you choose to opt-out at any time after granting approval, email
privacyofficer@pikpok.com
.
The California Online Privacy Protection Act (California Business & Professions Code §§22575-22579) requires operators of websites to disclose how they respond to “do not track” (DNT) signals from browsers used by consumers or other mechanisms that provide consumers a choice regarding the collection of personally identifiable information about the consumer’s online activities over time and across different websites or online services. You can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the Preferences or Settings page of your web browser.  While some newer browsers have incorporated “Do Not Track” features which, when turned on, send a signal or preference to the websites you visit indicating that you do not wish your online activity to be tracked, a DNT protocol that can be implemented across multiple devices and sites has not yet been widely adopted. Currently, our computer system does not support, and cannot act on DNT signal headers that we may receive; accordingly, the choices that we provide you concerning our collection and use of personally identifiable information will continue to operate as described in this Policy.  For information about Do Not Track, please visit:
www.allaboutdnt.org
How Do We Use Your Information?
In addition to the details provided in
3. How Do We Use Your Information?
, residents of California, Colorado, Connecticut, Colorado, Utah, and Virginia can refer to the table below, which identifies the categories of personal information we collect and provides examples of personal information in such categories.
Category
Data Collected
Reason for Collection
Has Information been “Sold” to 3rd Party In the preceding twelve (12) months?
Identifiers
PikPokPlus ID (Online identifier)
To operate a user account on PikPok’s servers for the respective Game
No
Internet protocol address (truncated)
Analytics (by coarse location), fraud detection, personalised ads, marketing campaign performance measurement
Yes (personalised ads)
Advertising identifier
Personalised ads, marketing campaign performance measurement
Yes (personalised ads)
MAC address
Personalised ads, marketing campaign performance measurement
Yes
(personalised ads)
Email Address
Customer support, opt in user surveys
No
Social Media Handle
Customer support, opt in user surveys
No
Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
None Collected
n/a
No
Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
None Collected
n/a
No
Commercial information.
Game install details, In App Purchase history
Analytics, personalised ads, marketing campaign performance measurement, customer support and fraud detection
Yes (personalised ads)
Biometric information.
None Collected
n/a
No
Internet or other similar network activity.
Game install details, In App Purchase history, Session events
Analytics
No
Advertising events (clicks, ad engagement)
Personalised ads
Yes
Geolocation data.
Coarse location (inferred from Internet truncated protocol address)
Analytics, fraud detection.
No
Sensory data.
None Collected
n/a
No
Professional or employment-related information.
None Collected
n/a
No
Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)).
None Collected
n/a
No
Inferences drawn from other personal information.
None Collected
n/a
No
We may obtain the categories of personal information listed above from the following sources:
Directly from our users. For example, from users who engage us for customer support or to provide customer feedback.
Indirectly from our users. For example, through information we collect from our users in the course of providing customer support to them.
Directly and indirectly from activity on our Sites or in our Games. For example, from APIs and cookies (described above) embedded in our Sites or Games to measure Game metrics and progress, play time per level, and other information related to improving our Services.
From third-parties that interact with us in connection with the Services we perform. For example, from third party analytics or anti-cheat providers, or to ad mediators for the purpose of providing personalized advertising and marketing customized to you.
All such personal information is used as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy.
Sharing Personal Information
We may disclose your personal information to a third party for a business purpose.  When we disclose personal information for a business purpose, we enter a contract that describes the purpose and requires the recipient to both keep that personal information confidential and not use it for any purpose except performing the contract.
In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have disclosed the following categories of personal information for a business purpose:
Identifiers, commercial information, internet or other similar network activity, and geolocation data.
We disclose your personal information for a business purpose to the following categories of third parties:
Our affiliates.
Service providers.
Third parties to whom you or your agents authorize us to disclose your personal information in connection with products or Services we provide to you.
Our vendors.
Your Rights To Access, And Control Your Personal Information
Depending on your location in the U.S., applicable state law may provide you with some or all of the data rights listed below.  However, such rights are not absolute and may be subject to certain exceptions.
Request access to or a copy of your personal information.
Request deletion of your personal information.
Request correction or modification of your personal information.
Be informed about the personal information we collect and/or process about you, the sources of personal information, and the third parties with whom information was shared or sold and for what purposes.
Withdraw consent, if processing is based on consent.
Opt-out of the sale or sharing of your personal information (including targeted advertising).
Opt-in/out of financial incentives.
Limit the use and disclosure of your sensitive personal information.
Exercising Your Rights
To opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information, please follow the instructions in
Controlling Personalised Ads
.
We recommend submitting data access requests using methods described in 9. Your rights to access, control, and correct your personal information.
You can also submit requests to exercise your data rights through any of the methods in Section 14 (Contact Us).  Once you contact us to exercise any of your rights, we will first acknowledge receipt of your request within 10 business days of receipt of your request.  Note we may ask for some confirmation details before actioning any request.  Please keep in mind that limiting use of, or deleting, your personal information may impact features and uses that rely on that information.[EC1]
Verification; Authorized Agents
We may need to verify your identity in order to process your request to exercise your data rights, and we reserve the right to confirm your identity and residency, and in our discretion, deny your request if we are unable to verify your identity or residency.  You may authorize someone to make a request to exercise your rights on your behalf (an authorized agent).  Authorized agents will need to demonstrate to us that you have authorized them to act on your behalf, or must demonstrate they have power of attorney pursuant to applicable probate law.  We retain the right to request confirmation directly from you confirming that the agent is authorized to make such a request, or to request additional information to confirm the agent’s identity and/or verify the authenticity of the request directly with you.
Response Timing and Format
We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within 45 days of its receipt.  If we require more time (up to 90 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. [EC2] The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable.  For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your personal information that is readily usable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded.  If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
Appeals; Non-Discrimination
In certain U.S. states, you may have the right to appeal our decision regarding a request related to the data rights described above.  If you wish to appeal a decision, please contact us through any of the methods in Section 14 (Contact Us).  We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your data rights. Unless permitted by the applicable law, we will not:
Deny you goods or services.
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.
Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
Other California Privacy Rights
Separate from the CCPA, California’s “Shine the Light” law (Civil Code Section
1798.83
) permits users of our Sites who are California residents to annually request, free of charge, information regarding our disclosure of personal information (if any) to third parties for direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year.  While we do not share personal information collected online with third parties for their own direct marketing purposes and will not do so unless you agree to such disclosure, California residents may make such a request, by sending an email to
privacysupport@pikpok.com
or using the information provided in the
“Contact Us”
section below.  In your request, please identify yourself as a California resident and provide sufficient information so we can take appropriate action, such as your name, email address or any additional information required.
13. Changes to the Policy
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. If we decide to change this Privacy Policy, we will post those changes on this page and update the date at the top of the page. We will also notify changes on various channels we might have to reach you including push notifications (if available), our
Facebook page
, our
Company Website
, or via notification directly in our apps.  The changes will be effective when posted. Please check this page on a regular basis so that you remain aware of what information we collect and how we use it.
14. Contacting Us
For enquiries regarding this Privacy Policy and personal information, please contact:
By Email:
Contact Us
or
privacyofficer@pikpok.com
By Mail:
Prodigy Design Limited
Privacy Officer
Level 7, Willbank House
57 Willis Street
PO Box 6203
Marion Square
Wellington
New Zealand
By Phone:
+64 (4) 978 9400
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.legislation.govt.nz/act/public/2020/0031/latest/LMS23223.html:
New Zealand Legislation
List of access keys
Skip to main content
Advanced search
Browse
About this site
How the site works
Contact us
News
Site map
Glossary
Access keys
Accessibility
Copyright
Privacy
Disclaimer
About legislation
Home
Advanced search
Browse
About this
                                site
Web feeds
Tagged sections/clauses
Printing order
Quick search
HelpQuickSearch
?
Type
Acts
Bills
Secondary legislation
Other Instruments
All
Text
title
content
HelpDRegQuickSearch
?
My recent searches
Ready-made feeds
Document list
Click to subscribe:
Remove all
Feed name
Days (1-90)
Cancel
Recreate an existing web feed
To reload a previous document list or search, copy and paste your existing web feed URL into the field below, and press the Recreate button.
URL
Recreate an existing web feed
Learn more about web feeds...
Close
Order commercially printed copies from Print Legislation
Remove all
Learn more about ordering prints...
Learn more about printing your own copies...
Close
Get quote
Privacy Act 2020
If you need more information about this Act, please contact the administering agency:
Ministry of Justice
Search within this Act
By sections
View whole (903KB)
Versions and amendments
Secondary legislation
Add to web feed
Order a commercial print
Print/Download PDF [1.0MB]
Contents
Previous section
Next section
Tag section
Remove
Previous hit
Next hit
Version as at 26 January 2025
Privacy Act 2020
Public Act
2020 No 31
Date of assent
30 June 2020
Commencement
see section 2
Note
The Parliamentary Counsel Office has made editorial and format changes to this version using the powers under
subpart 2
of Part 3 of the Legislation Act 2019.
Note 4 at the end of this version provides a list of the amendments included in it.
This Act is administered by the
Ministry of Justice
.
Contents
1
Title
2
Commencement
Part 1
Preliminary provisions
Subpart 1—Preliminary matters
3
Purpose of this Act
4
Application of this Act
5
Transitional, savings, and related provisions
6
Act binds the Crown
Subpart 2—Interpretation and related matters
7
Interpretation
8
Meaning of New Zealand agency
9
Meaning of overseas agency
10
Personal information held by agency if held by officer, employee, or member of agency
11
Personal information treated as being held by another agency in certain circumstances
12
Actions of, and disclosure of information to, staff of agency, etc
Part 2
Privacy Commissioner
Subpart 1—Appointment of Privacy Commissioner
13
Privacy Commissioner
14
Deputy Privacy Commissioner
15
Holding of other offices
16
Superannuation or retiring allowances
Subpart 2—Functions of Privacy Commissioner
17
Functions of Commissioner
18
Other functions of Commissioner
19
Responsible Minister must present copy of report on operation of Act to House of Representatives
20
Duty to act independently
21
Commissioner to have regard to certain matters
Part 3
Information privacy principles and codes of practice
Subpart 1—Information privacy principles
22
Information privacy principles
23
Application of IPPs in relation to information held overseas
24
Relationships between IPPs and other New Zealand law
25
IPPs 1 to 4 do not apply to personal information collected before 1 July 1993
26
Restricted application of IPP 13 to unique identifiers assigned before 1 July 1993
27
Restricted application of IPPs to personal information collected or held for personal or domestic affairs
28
IPPs 2, 3, and 4(b) do not apply to personal information collected by intelligence and security agencies
29
IPPs 6 and 7 do not apply to certain information
30
Commissioner may authorise collection, use, storage, or disclosure of personal information otherwise in breach of IPP 2 or IPPs 9 to 12
31
Enforceability of IPPs
Subpart 2—Codes of practice
32
Codes of practice in relation to IPPs
33
Issue of code of practice
34
Urgent issue of code of practice
35
Commencement of code
36
Application of Legislation Act 2019 to codes
37
Amendment and revocation of codes of practice
38
Effect of codes of practice
Part 4
Access to and correction of personal information
Subpart 1—Access to personal information
39
Interpretation
40
Individuals may make IPP 6 request
41
Urgency
42
Assistance
43
Transfer of IPP 6 request
44
Responding to IPP 6 request
45
Decision to grant access to personal information
46
Decision to refuse access to personal information
47
Decision to neither confirm nor deny personal information is held
48
Extension of time limits
49
Protection, etc, of individual as reason for refusing access to personal information
50
Evaluative material as reason for refusing access to personal information
51
Security, defence, international relations as reason for refusing access to personal information
52
Trade secret as reason for refusing access to personal information
53
Other reasons for refusing access to personal information
54
Agency may impose conditions instead of refusing access to personal information
55
Withholding personal information contained in document
56
Ways personal information in document may be made available
57
Responsibilities of agency before giving access to personal information
Subpart 2—Correction of personal information
58
Interpretation
59
Individuals may make correction requests
60
Urgency
61
Assistance
62
Transfer of correction request
63
Decision on request to correct personal information
64
Decision on request to attach statement of correction
65
Extension of time limits
Subpart 3—Charges
66
Charges
67
Commissioner may authorise public sector agency to impose charge
Part 5
Complaints, investigations, and proceedings
68
Interpretation
69
Interference with privacy of individual
Subpart 1—Complaints
70
Complaints
71
Who may make complaint
72
Form of complaint
73
Procedure on receipt of complaint
74
Commissioner may decide not to investigate complaint
75
Referral of complaint to another person
76
Referral of complaint to overseas privacy enforcement authority
77
Exploring possibility of settlement and assurance without investigating complaint
78
Referral of complaint to Director without conducting investigation
Subpart 2—Investigations by Commissioner
79
Application of this subpart
80
Commencing investigation
81
Conducting investigation
82
Commissioner may regulate own procedure
83
Exploring possibility of settlement and assurance during investigation
84
Referral of complaint to Director without completing investigation
85
Compulsory conferences of parties to complaint
86
Power to summon persons
87
Power to require information and documents
88
Disclosure of information may be required despite obligation of secrecy
89
Protection and privileges of persons required to provide information, etc
90
Disclosed information privileged
91
Procedure after completion of investigation relating to access to personal information
92
Access direction
93
Procedure after completion of investigation relating to charging
94
Procedure after completion of other investigations
95
Special procedure relating to intelligence and security agency
96
Commissioner to report breach of duty or misconduct
Subpart 3—Proceedings before Human Rights Review Tribunal
Proceedings in relation to complaints or investigations
97
Director may commence proceedings in Tribunal
98
Aggrieved individuals may commence proceedings in Tribunal
99
Right of Director to appear in proceedings commenced under section 98
100
Apology not admissible except for assessment of remedies
101
Onus of proof
102
Remedies in respect of interference with privacy
103
Damages
Access order
104
Enforcement of access direction
Appeal against access direction
105
Appeal to Tribunal against access direction
106
Time for lodging appeal
107
Interim order suspending Commissioner’s direction pending appeal
108
Determination of appeal
Miscellaneous
109
Proceedings involving access to personal information
110
Costs
111
Certain provisions of Human Rights Act 1993 to apply
Part 6
Notifiable privacy breaches and compliance notices
Subpart 1—Notifiable privacy breaches
112
Interpretation
113
Assessment of likelihood of serious harm being caused by privacy breach
114
Agency to notify Commissioner of notifiable privacy breach
115
Agency to notify affected individual or give public notice of notifiable privacy breach
116
Exceptions to or delay in complying with requirement to notify affected individuals or give public notice of notifiable privacy breach
117
Requirements for notification
118
Offence to fail to notify Commissioner
119
Section 211 does not apply to processes and proceedings relating to failure to notify notifiable privacy breach
120
Liability for actions of
officers, employees,
agents, and members of agencies
121
Knowledge of
officers,
employees, agents, and members of agencies to be treated as knowledge of employers, principal agencies, and agencies
122
Publication of identity of agencies in certain circumstances
Subpart 2—Compliance notices
123
Compliance notices
124
Issuing compliance notice
125
Form of compliance notice
126
Agency response to compliance notice
127
Commissioner may vary or cancel compliance notice
128
Commissioner’s power to obtain information
129
Publication of details of compliance notice
Proceedings
130
Enforcement of compliance notice
131
Appeal against compliance notice or Commissioner’s decision to vary or cancel notice
132
Interim order suspending compliance notice pending appeal
133
Remedies, costs, and enforcement
134
Application of Human Rights Act 1993
135
Commissioner may be represented in proceedings
Part 7
Sharing, accessing, and matching personal information
Subpart 1—Information sharing
136
Purpose of this subpart
137
Relationship between subpart 1 and other law relating to information disclosure
138
Interpretation
139
Information sharing between agencies
140
Information sharing within agencies
141
Parties to information sharing agreement
142
Agreement may apply to classes of agencies
143
Lead agency
144
Form and content of information sharing agreement
145
Governor-General may approve information sharing agreement by Order in Council
146
Requirements for Order in Council
147
Further provisions about Order in Council
148
Status of Order in Council
[Repealed]
149
Matters to which relevant Minister must have regard before recommending Order in Council
150
Consultation on proposed information sharing agreement
151
Commissioner may prepare and publish report on approved information sharing agreement
152
Requirement to give notice of adverse action
153
When requirement to give notice of adverse action applies
154
Responsibilities of lead agency
155
Report of lead agency
156
Commissioner may specify frequency of reporting by lead agency
157
Amendment of approved information sharing agreement
158
Review of operation of approved information sharing agreement
159
Report on findings of review
160
Relevant Minister must present copy of report under section 159(1) and report setting out Government’s response to House of Representatives
161
Power to amend Schedule 2 by Order in Council
Subpart 2—Identity information
162
Purpose of this subpart
163
Relationship between this subpart and other law relating to information disclosure
164
Interpretation
165
Access by agencies to identity information
166
Manner and form of access
167
Annual reporting requirement
168
Power to amend Schedule 3 by Order in Council
Subpart 3—Law enforcement information
169
Purpose of this subpart
170
Relationship between this subpart and other law relating to information disclosure
171
Interpretation
172
Access by accessing agencies to law enforcement information
173
Power to amend Schedule 4 by Order in Council
Subpart 4—Authorised information matching programmes
174
Purpose of this subpart
175
Application of this subpart
176
Relationship between this subpart and other law relating to information disclosure
177
Interpretation
178
Information matching agreements
179
Use of results of authorised information matching programme
180
Extension of time limit
181
Notice of adverse action proposed
182
Reporting requirements
183
Reports on authorised information matching programmes
184
Reports on information matching provisions
185
Responsible Minister must present copy of report under section 184 and report setting out Government’s response to House of Representatives
186
Avoidance of controls on information matching through use of exceptions to information privacy principles
187
Avoidance of controls on information matching through use of official information statutes
188
Power to amend Schedule 5 by Order in Council
189
Power to amend Schedule 6 by Order in Council
190
Amendments to other enactments related to this subpart
[Repealed]
191
Repeal of section 190 and Schedule 7
Part 8
Prohibiting onward transfer of personal information received in New Zealand from overseas
192
Interpretation
193
Prohibition on transfer of personal information outside New Zealand
194
Commissioner’s power to obtain information
195
Transfer prohibition notice
196
Commissioner may vary or cancel transfer prohibition notice
197
Offence in relation to transfer prohibition notice
198
Appeals against transfer prohibition notice
199
Application of Human Rights Act 1993
200
Power to amend Schedule 8 by Order in Council
Part 9
Miscellaneous provisions
General
201
Privacy officers
201A
Responsibility under Parts 4 to 6 for interdepartmental executive board
202
Commissioner may require agency to supply information
203
Inquiries
204
Powers relating to declaratory judgments
205
Protection against certain actions
206
Commissioner and staff to maintain secrecy
207
Commissioner may share information with overseas privacy enforcement authority
208
Consultation
209
Exclusion of public interest immunity
210
Adverse comment
Liability and offences
211
Liability of employers, principals, and agencies
212
Offences
Regulations
213
Regulations: prescribed binding schemes
214
Regulations: prescribed countries
215
Other regulations
Repeal, revocation, and consequential amendments
216
Repeal and revocation
217
Consequential amendments
[Repealed]
218
Repeal of section 217 and Schedule 9
Schedule 1
Transitional, savings, and related provisions
Schedule 2
Approved information sharing agreements
Schedule 3
Identity information
Schedule 4
Law enforcement information
Schedule 5
Information matching provisions
Schedule 6
Information matching rules
Schedule 7
Amendments to other enactments related to subpart 4 of Part 7
[Repealed]
Schedule 8
Basic principles of national application set out in Part Two of OECD Guidelines
Schedule 9
Consequential amendments
[Repealed]
Notes
The Parliament of New Zealand enacts as follows:
The Parliamentary Counsel Office
www.govt.nz
Home
Advanced search
Browse
About this site
Contact us
News
Site map
Glossary
Accessibility
Copyright
Privacy
Disclaimer
Sub-policy 1
https://aws.amazon.com/compliance/data-privacy-faq/:
Select your cookie preferences
We use essential cookies and similar tools that are necessary to provide our site and services. We use performance cookies to collect anonymous statistics, so we can understand how customers use our site and make improvements. Essential cookies cannot be deactivated, but you can choose “Customize” or “Decline” to decline performance cookies.
If you agree, AWS and approved third parties will also use cookies to provide useful site features, remember your preferences, and display relevant content, including relevant advertising. To accept or decline all non-essential cookies, choose “Accept” or “Decline.” To make more detailed choices, choose “Customize.”
Accept
Decline
Customize
We use cookies and similar tools (collectively, "cookies") for the following purposes.
Essential
Essential cookies are necessary to provide our site and services and cannot be deactivated. They are usually set in response to your actions on the site, such as setting your privacy preferences, signing in, or filling in forms.
Performance
Performance cookies provide anonymous statistics about how customers navigate our site so we can improve site experience and performance. Approved third parties may perform analytics on our behalf, but they cannot use the data for their own purposes.
Allow performance category
Allowed
Functional
Functional cookies help us provide useful site features, remember your preferences, and display relevant content. Approved third parties may set these cookies to provide certain site features. If you do not allow these cookies, then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Allow functional category
Allowed
Advertising
Advertising cookies may be set through our site by us or our advertising partners and help us deliver relevant marketing content. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less relevant advertising.
Allow advertising category
Allowed
Blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of our sites. You may review and change your choices at any time by selecting Cookie preferences in the footer of this site. We and selected third-parties use cookies or similar technologies as specified in the
AWS Cookie Notice
.
We display ads relevant to your interests on AWS sites and on other properties, including cross-context behavioral advertising. Cross-context behavioral advertising uses data from one site or app to advertise to you on a different company’s site or app.
To not allow AWS cross-context behavioral advertising based on cookies or similar technologies, select “Don't allow” and “Save privacy choices” below, or visit an AWS site with a legally-recognized decline signal enabled, such as the Global Privacy Control. If you delete your cookies or visit this site from a different browser or device, you will need to make your selection again. For more information about cookies and how we use them, please read our
AWS Cookie Notice
.
Cross-context behavioral ads
Allow
Don't allow
To not allow all other AWS cross-context behavioral advertising,
complete this form by email
.
For more information about how AWS handles your information, please read the
AWS Privacy Notice
.
We will only store essential cookies at this time, because we were unable to save your cookie preferences.
If you want to change your cookie preferences, try again later using the link in the AWS console footer, or contact support if the problem persists.
Skip to main content
Security, Identity, and Compliance
›
Compliance
›
Data Privacy
Data Privacy FAQs
Commitments
FAQs
Resources
Commitments
At AWS, customer trust is our top priority.
Maintaining customer trust is an ongoing commitment. AWS continually monitors the evolving privacy regulatory and legislative landscape to identify changes and determine what tools our customers might need to meet their compliance goals. We strive to inform you of the privacy and data security policies, practices, and technologies we’ve put in place.
Our commitments include:
Access:
As a customer, you maintain full control of your content that you upload to the AWS services under your AWS account, and responsibility for configuring access to AWS services and resources. We provide an advanced set of access, encryption, and logging features to help you do this effectively (e.g.,
AWS Identity and Access Management
,
AWS Organizations
and
AWS CloudTrail
). We also provide APIs for you to configure access control permissions for any of the services you develop or deploy in an AWS environment. We do not access or use your content for any purpose without your agreement. We do not use your content or derive information from it for marketing or advertising purposes.
Storage:
You choose the AWS Region(s) in which your content is stored. You can replicate and back up your content in more than one AWS Region. We will not move or replicate your content outside of your chosen AWS Region(s) without your agreement.
Security:
You choose how your content is secured. We offer you industry-leading encryption features to protect your content in transit and at rest, and we provide you with the option to manage your own encryption keys. These data protection features include:
Data encryption capabilities available in over 100 AWS services
.
Flexible key management options using AWS Key Management Service (KMS)
, allowing customers to choose whether to have AWS manage their encryption keys or keep complete control over their keys.
Security assurance program, using best practices for security and data protection to help you operate securely within AWS, and to make the best use of our security control environment. These security protections and control processes are independently validated by
multiple third-party independent assessments
.
Disclosure of customer content
: We will not disclose customer content (see How does AWS classify customer information? below) unless we're required to do so to comply with the law or a valid and binding order of a government body. If a governmental body sends AWS a demand for your customer content, we will attempt to redirect the governmental body to request that data directly from you. If compelled to disclose your customer content to a government body, we will give you reasonable notice of the demand to allow you to seek a protective order or other appropriate remedy unless AWS is legally prohibited from doing so.
FAQs
What is customer content?
We define customer content as software (including machine images), data, text, audio, video, or images that a customer or any end user transfers to us for processing, storage, or hosting by AWS services in connection with a customer's account, and any computational results that a customer or their end user derives from the foregoing through their use of AWS services. For example, customer content includes content that a customer or their end user stores in Amazon Simple Storage Service (S3). Customer content does not include account information, which we describe below. Customer content also does not include information included in resource identifiers, metadata tags, access controls, rules, usage policies, permissions, and similar items related to the management of AWS resources. AWS recommends that you do not include personally identifying, confidential, or sensitive information in these items. The terms of the
AWS Customer Agreement
and the
AWS Service Terms
apply to your customer content.
What is account information?
We define account information as information about a customer that a customer provides to us in connection with the creation or administration of a customer account. For example, account information includes names, usernames, phone numbers, email addresses, and billing information associated with a customer account. The information practices described in the
AWS Privacy Notice
apply to account information.
Who owns customer content?
As a customer, you own your customer content, and you select which AWS services can process, store, and host your customer content. We do not access or use your customer content for any purpose without your agreement. We do not use customer content or derive information from it for marketing or advertising.
Who controls customer content?
As a customer, you control your content:
You determine the geographic region where your customer content will be stored and the type of storage.
You choose the secured state of your customer content. We offer you industry-leading encryption features to protect your content in transit and at rest, and we provide you with the option to manage your own encryption keys.
You manage access to your customer content, and access to AWS services and resources through users, groups, permissions, and credentials that you control.
How do you use my account information?
The
AWS Privacy Notice
describes how we collect and use account information.
How does AWS use information included in resource identifiers and other items related to the management of AWS resources?
AWS uses that information to provide the AWS services, and to protect and improve the customer experience. For example, AWS uses resource identifiers to help customers generate cost and usage reports, which can be used to break down AWS spend by cost center, and IAM permissions to determine whether a specific user can purchase reserved instances. When customers contact AWS for technical assistance, AWS may also analyze resource identifiers and permissions to help resolve their issues.
What happens when AWS receives a legal request for customer content?
We are vigilant about our customers' privacy. We will not disclose customer content unless we're required to do so to comply with the law or a valid and binding order of a governmental body. If a governmental body sends AWS a demand for customer content, we will attempt to redirect the governmental body to request that data directly from the customer. Governmental and regulatory bodies need to follow the applicable legal process to obtain valid and binding orders. We review all orders and object to overbroad or otherwise inappropriate ones. If compelled to disclose customer content to a government body, we will give customers reasonable notice of the demand to allow the customer to seek a protective order or other appropriate remedy unless AWS is legally prohibited from doing so. It is also important to point out that our customers can encrypt their customer content, and we provide customers with the option to manage their own encryption keys.
We know that transparency matters to our customers, so we regularly publish a report about the types and volume of information requests we receive on the
Amazon Information Requests
webpage.
Where is customer content stored?
The
AWS Global Infrastructure
gives you the flexibility to choose where and how you want to run your workloads using the same network, control plane, APIs, and AWS services. If you would like to run your applications globally you can choose from any of the AWS Regions and Availability Zones. As a customer, you choose the AWS Region(s) in which your customer content is stored, allowing you to deploy AWS services in the location(s) of your choice, in accordance with your specific geographic requirements. For example, if an AWS customer in Australia wants to store their data only in Australia, they can choose to deploy their AWS services exclusively in the Asia Pacific (Sydney) AWS Region. If you want to discover other flexible storage options see the
AWS Regions
webpage.
You can also replicate and back up your customer content in more than one AWS Region. We will not move or replicate your content outside of your chosen AWS Region(s), except as necessary to provide the services you initiated, or as necessary to comply with the law or a binding order of a governmental body. However, it is important to note that some AWS services may not be available in all AWS Regions. For more information about which services are available in which AWS Regions, see the
AWS Regional Services
webpage.
What is my role in securing my content?
When evaluating the security of a cloud solution, it is important for you to understand and distinguish between the security of the cloud, and your security in the cloud. Security of the cloud encompasses the security measures that AWS implements and operates. We are responsible for security of the cloud. Security in the cloud encompasses the security measures that you implement and operate, related to the AWS services you use. You are responsible for your security in the cloud. For more information, see the
AWS Shared Responsibility
webpage.
What step does AWS take to protect my privacy?
At AWS, our highest priority is securing our customers’ data, and we implement rigorous contractual, technical, and organizational measures to protect data confidentiality, integrity, and availability regardless of which AWS Region a customer has selected.
AWS complies with ISO 27018, a code of practice that focuses on protection of personal data in the cloud. It extends ISO information security standard 27001 to cover the regulatory requirements for the protection of personally identifiable information (PII) or personal data for the public cloud computing environment and specifies implementation guidance based on ISO 27002 controls that is applicable to PII processed by public cloud service providers. For more information, or to view the AWS ISO 27018 Certification, see the
AWS ISO 27018 Compliance
webpage.
Additionally, AWS publishes a SOC 2 Type II Privacy report, based on the SOC 2 Privacy Trust Criteria developed by the American Institute of CPAs (AICPA), which establishes criteria for evaluating controls related to how personal data is collected, used, retained, disclosed, and disposed to meet the entity’s objectives. The AWS SOC 2 Type II Privacy report provides third-party attestation of our systems and the suitability of the design of our privacy controls. The scope of the privacy report includes information about how we handle the content that you upload to AWS and how it is protected in all of the services and locations that are in scope for the latest
AWS SOC reports
. The SOC 2 Type II Privacy report can be downloaded through
AWS Artifact
in the
AWS Management Console
.
Who should I contact if I have questions regarding AWS and data protection?
We recommend that customers with questions regarding AWS and data protection contact their AWS account manager. If customers have signed up for Enterprise Support, they can also reach out to their Technical Account Manager (TAM) for support. AWS account managers and TAMs work with Solutions Architects to help customers meet their compliance needs. AWS can’t provide legal advice to customers, and we recommend that customers consult their legal counsel if they have legal questions regarding data protection.
We also have teams of Enterprise Support Representatives, Professional Services Consultants, and other staff to help with privacy questions. You can contact us with questions
here
.
Resources
Data Privacy Center
Privacy Features of AWS Services
Amazon Information Requests
AWS Privacy Notice
From beginners to experts, we've got digital training courses to fit every skill level.
Explore AWS Skill Builder
»
Have Questions? Connect with an AWS Business Representative
Contact Us
Exploring compliance roles?
Apply today »
Want AWS Compliance updates?
Follow us on Twitter »
AWS support for Internet Explorer ends on 07/31/2022. Supported browsers are Chrome, Firefox, Edge, and Safari.
Learn more »
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
Login
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
View profile
Log out
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
View profile
Log out
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
Login
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
View profile
Log out
Close
Cryptographic Computing
Culture of Security
Open Source Security
Post-Quantum Cryptography
Provable Security
Ransomware Protection
Zero Trust
Close
Cloud Audit Academy
Compliance Overview
Compliance Programs
Services in Scope
Shared Responsibility Model
Close
Data Protection
Data Privacy Center
Digital Sovereignty
Close
AWS Marketplace
Digital Sovereignty Competency
MSSP
MSSP Competency
Partner Resources
Security Competency
Close
Confidential Computing
Customer Success Stories
Security Best Practices
Security Bulletins
Security Content
Security Learning
Sub-policy 2
https://pikpok.com/privacy-policy/privacysupport@pikpok.com:
