Home
We value the privacy of our users. We may collect and use your information when you use our services. We hope that through this Privacy Policy we will explain how we collect, use, store and share this information and how we access, update, control and protect it when we use our services. This Privacy Policy is closely related to the services you use, and we encourage you to read them carefully and, if necessary, make the choices you deem appropriate in accordance with the guidelines of this Privacy Policy. The relevant technical terms involved in this Privacy Policy are as concise as possible and provide links to further explanations for your understanding.
By using or continuing to use our services, you consent to the collection, use, storage and sharing of your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Sensitive personal information you share
When you authorize the use of personal information about you, we will fully protect your personal information, such as your race, religion, personal health and medical information. Sensitive personal information is more strictly protected than other personal information.
We do not store or sell, sell, rent, share or trade your personal information privately or to any unrelated third party. No third party is allowed to collect, edit, sell or distribute your personal information by any means.
Advertising Services
Our application contains third-party SDKs, This third-party SDK may apply for device identification code  (IDFA) as a personalized advertising display, and may be used in conjunction with other APP data, you have the right to choose to accept or refuse to accept the device identification code is use.
Our third-party partners may collect and use your information through cookies and web beacons and store such information as log information.
We use our own cookies and web beacons to provide you with a more personalized user experience and services for the following purposes:
Remember your identity. For example: cookies and web beacons help us identify you as our registered user or save information about your preferences or other information that you provide to us;
Analyze your use of our services. For example, we can use cookies and web beacons to find out what activities you use to conduct our services, or which pages or services are most popular with you;
Advertising optimization. Cookies and web beacons help us provide you with ads that are relevant to you based on your information rather than general advertising.
While we use cookies and web beacons for the above purposes, we may use non-personally identifiable information collected through cookies and web beacons to be processed and provided to advertisers or other partners for analysis of how users use our services and For advertising services.
There may be cookies and web beacons placed by our advertisers or other partners on our products and services. These cookies and web beacons may collect non-personally identifiable information about you to analyze how users use the services, to send you advertisements that may be of interest to you, or to evaluate the effectiveness of the advertising services. The collection and use of such information by these third party cookies and web beacons is not subject to this Privacy Policy, but is subject to the privacy policy of the relevant users and we are not responsible for third party cookies or web beacons.
You can refuse or manage cookies or web beacons through your browser settings. However, please note that if you disable cookies or web beacons, you may not be able to enjoy the best service experience and some services may not work properly. At the same time, you will receive the same number of ads, but these ads will be less relevant to you.
Safety precautions
We protect the security, integrity and confidentiality of information in accordance with industry standards. Access to your personal information is limited to those who need to process your personal information for tasks that are completed in accordance with this policy or for technical maintenance. The personal information we collect is kept in a secure operating environment that is not open to the public. To avoid unauthorized access to your personal information, we store it in a server that is protected by a firewall and may be encrypted. However, no system is 100% safe. Even if we make reasonable efforts, someone may still have access to your personal information without permission. In addition, people's words and deeds may be unreliable, or misleading and illegal. We can't tell you what other users are saying. If you use our services, you are responsible for the risk of the above data being stolen or misled, fraudulent, or illegal.
If you do not accept this policy and provide the information we request, you may not be able to use our services and the features we provide in full or in part. However, you need to understand that if you provide this information, you will be at risk of being stolen, illegally possessed, or misused. If this happens, your safety, property and reputation may be compromised.