Privacy Policy
Last Updated: June 13, 2018
Thank you for using HarvestYield!
1. Introduction
Your Privacy and the protection of your data is important to HarvestYield. That’s why we have created a HarvestYield Privacy Policy which you and all users must agree to, in full, in order to use our Site, App, or Service.
2. Your Information
HarvestYield will not sell or otherwise give away personally identifying information without your permission. In order to use the HarvestYield app, website, or service you agree that HarvestYield may use your information to:
Make improvements to the user experience.
To understand how you use the service.
To share your non-identifying information with other parties.
To process any transactions between you and HarvestYield or between you and another HarvestYield user.
To stay in touch with you in order to inform you of site updates, related services and products, or to respond to any inquiries by email or by any other available communication method provided.
Resolve disputes, if any should arise, between you and HarvestYield.
Take steps to protect the security or proper functioning of our Site or Service.
To assist with law enforcement, where required by subpoena.
3. Information collected
Your name, address, e-mail address and optional premium plan payment information are all personally identifying information that HarvestYield will collect from you.
Any information made available by any wireless device used to access HarvestYield, including your the unique device identification number, may also be collected.   We will be able to view personally identifiable information made available through your wireless device. We may collect your Unique Device identification number and other information made available through your wireless device.
You have the right to request what information we have collected from you. You can send your request to support@harvestyield.com and our team will respond within 48 hours to notify you that your request has been received and will be processed as quickly as possible, please note that processing times can vary but we will do our best to complete your request within 7 business days.
You have the right to cancel your account with HarvestYield at anytime. By cancelling your account, all of the information that we have collected from you will be destroyed. You can send your request to support@harvestyield.com and our team will respond within 48 hours to notify you that your request has been received and will be processed as quickly as possible, please note that processing times can vary but we will do our best to complete your request within 7 business days.
Whenever you visit our Site, we may collect non-identifying information from you, such as your IP address, referring URL, browser, operating system, cookie information, and Internet Service Provider. Additionally, by using our software and App we will collect usage statistics about your interactions with our Service.
We take no responsibility for stored information in your cache, or in other devices that may store information, and disclaim all liability of such. In addition, we may, from time to time, retain residual information about you in our backup and/or database.
4. Make sure to enable cookies in your browser
We use cookies to save your preferences and remember your preferences and locations. For this reason, you must have cookies enabled in your browser to use our Site and Services.
5. Third party websites not screened for privacy
HarvestYield may post links to third party websites on its Site or App, which may include information that we have no control over. Whether you access third party websites through a link on our Site, or as a consequence of using our Service, you acknowledge that you are aware that the third party websites are not screened for privacy or security issues by us, and you release us from any liability for the conduct of these third party websites.
HarvestYield bears no responsibility for the information collected or used by any advertiser or third party website.
6. Third party partners
Although you are entering into an Agreement with HarvestYield to disclose your information to us, we do use third party individuals and organizations to assist us, including contractors, web hosts, and others. We may delegate our authority to collect, access, use, and disseminate your information in order to provide the best service. For example, we use a third party payment processor to process credit card transactions and must disclose your information to process such transactions.
You hereby agree to grant the same authorization which you grant to us in this Privacy Policy, to any third party that we may hire, contract, or otherwise retain the services of for the purpose of operating, maintaining, repairing, or otherwise improving or preserving our website or its underlying files or systems. You agree not to hold us liable for the actions of any of these third parties, even if we would normally be held vicariously liable for their actions, and that you must take legal action against them directly should they commit any tort or other actionable wrong against you.
7. Commercial and Non-Commercial Communications
By providing information to the Site that forms the basis of communication with you. However, you may choose to opt out from receiving certain communications during your registration to our service or you may also unsubscribe from such communications at anytime in your account settings or via the link on the communication.
8. Recommended Security Measures
We work to keep our website secure, but we recommend that you use anti-virus software, strong passwords, routine credit checks, firewalls, and other precautions to protect yourself from security and privacy threats.
9. Your California Privacy Rights
HarvestYield permits residents of the State of California to use its Service, and complies with the California Business and Professions Code §§ 22575-22579. If you are a California resident you may request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to any third parties for their direct marketing purposes. Various provisions throughout this Privacy Policy address requirements of the Californian privacy statutes. Although we do not disseminate your information to third parties without permission, you must presume that we collect electronic information from all visitors. You may contact us at support@harvestyield.com with any questions.
10. International Transfer
Your information may be transferred to - and maintained on - computers located outside of your state, province, country, or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction. If you are located outside the United States and choose to provide information to us, HarvestYield may transfer personal information to the United States or elsewhere and process it there. Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
11. Amendments
We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. When we amend this Privacy Policy, we will place a note on our Site as to when the Privacy Policy was last modified. You must agree to the amendments as a condition of your continued use of our Site and Service. If you do not agree, you must immediately cease using our Site and Service and notify us of your refusal to agree by e-mailing us at support@harvestyield.com
12. Definitions
Throughout this Privacy Policy, we used certain words or phrases, and it is important that you understand the meaning of them. The list is not all-encompassing and no definition should be considered binding to the point that it renders this Privacy Policy nonsensical:
"HarvestYield", "we" or "us" refers to the business which owns this website (HarvestYield, Inc.), our Site, our App or our Service, depending on the context of the usage;
"Service(s)" refers to the services that we provide through our Site, including but not limited to our software and App;
"App" refers to the application that may be available for download through your wireless device, third party application store or your wireless telephone service provider.
"Site" refers to our website, www.HarvestYield.com;
"You" or "user" refers to you, the person who is entering into this Agreement with HarvestYield, Inc., the owner and operator of HarvestYield.com.