Three+ - Terms and Conditions
1.
For the purposes of these terms and conditions when we say “Three”, “we”, “us” and “our” we mean Three Ireland (Hutchison) Limited of 28-29 Sir John Rogerson’s Quay, Dublin 2. When we say “you”, “your” or “customer” we mean you, our customer, who is using the Three+ service. The following definitions will also apply to these terms and conditions:-
Offer(s) - an offer or code which we make available for subscribing Three customers and set out at
https://plus.three.ie/
or the equivalent Three+ app from time to time;
Badge(s) – a Three+ award granted to a customer where they have used a certain number of Offers within a specified timeframe;
Promotion(s) - a promotion which is incidental to the Offers, such as the award of Badges and other incentives given in respect of Three+
Three+ Service – means the making available of Offers and Promotions
2.
If you would like Three to provide you with access to the Three+ Service then you must agree, and adhere, to the terms set out below. By registering for the Three+ Service or applying an Offer or Promotion you are deemed to have accepted these terms and conditions and recognise that all Offers and Promotions are subject to these terms and conditions. If you do not agree to any of the terms set out below please do not register for or use the Three+ Service. You can opt-out of the Three+ Service (or elements of the Three+ Service) without cost in the ways we allow. Please see
http://plus.three.ie/
, the “My Profile” area of the Three+ App or call Customer Care on 1913 for further details on how to opt-out.
3.
The Three+ Service is open to Three customers and customers of our group companies based in the Republic of Ireland who are aged 16 years or over on the date of registration for the Three+ Service. Some Offers and Promotions are only available to users aged 18 years or over (we will tell you when this is the case).
4.
You confirm to us that all information submitted by you is accurate and you agree that we have the right to verify your eligibility to use the Three+ Service.
5.
Additional terms and eligibility criteria apply from time to time before you can be provided with the Offers and Promotions we make available as part of the Three+ Service. Please check the ‘Three+’ section of
http://www.three.ie
for details on additional terms and eligibility criteria.
6.
Third party partners are used by us to provide you with some of the Offers and Promotions we make available as part of the Three+ Service. These Offers and Promotions are subject to additional terms and conditions which our third party partners require you to agree to if you want to be provided with the relevant Offer or Promotion. Any conditions on the use of such Offers and Promotions are a matter between you and the third party partner. You must deal directly with the third party partner who is providing you with the Offer or Promotion and any dealings are a matter between you and the third party partner. We are not responsible for any third party bookings or products and services provided to you by third party partners.
7.
Charges may apply if you receive a message from the Three+ Service that offers you the opportunity to browse the internet or make a call to learn more. These charges will be increased if you do this when you are travelling abroad.
8.
Unless we tell you otherwise, the Offers and Promotions we make available as part of the Three+ Service can only be selected and used in the ways described and cannot be used with any other vouchers or promotions or be exchanged for cash or any other reward.
9.
The Offers and Promotions made available to you as part of the Three+ Service are subject to availability and are regularly updated and changed. You will have a limited period of time to use some of the Offers and Promotions provided to you and some of the Offers and Promotions can only be used on particular days or before specific dates. We do not make any commitments about how long any Offer or Promotion will remain open for and we will not be responsible if your request for a particular Offer or Promotion is not completed correctly by you or is not received by us in the ways we allow. Please check the ‘Three+’ section of
http://www.three.ie
for details on the availability and redemption rules which apply to the Offers and Promotions we make available as part of the Three+ Service.
10.
Three shall have sole discretion to decide whether to make certain Offers and Promotions available from time to time to customers on an individual, group or collective basis,
11.
We reserve the right to make any changes to the Three+ Service or to discontinue any aspect or feature of the Three+ Service without notice to users. We may modify or withdraw the Three+ Service or elements of it at any time. If we change these terms to your significant disadvantage we will notify you.
12.
We reserve the right to change these terms and conditions at any time for reasonable commercial or operational reasons. Your continued use of the Three+ Service will be deemed to be acceptance of the amended terms and conditions which will be posted on
http://www.three.ie.
13.
Any use of the Three+ Service by you is, to the fullest extent allowed, on an "as is" and an "as available" basis. You agree and accept that the Three+ Service is not a fault-free service and is for your own personal use and will not be used for commercial purposes.
14.
Links to third party websites and companies may appear on the Three+ Service. Such third party websites are not the responsibility of Three and we do not accept responsibility for the availability, suitability, reliability or content of such third party websites.
15.
Any use of the Three+ Service is at your own risk and in no event will we be responsible for any loss of income, loss of use of the Three+ Service, loss of data, lost business or missed opportunities or any loss that is not directly caused by us or which we could not reasonably expect at the time we entered into this agreement with you. We will not be responsible to you if we cannot provide the Three+ Service because of something outside of our reasonable control.
16.
The Three+ Service and features within the Three+ Service may be protected by intellectual property rights belonging to Three, its licensors or to third parties. No license is granted to you in respect of any such rights, except to the extent required for your personal use of the Three+ Service in accordance with these terms and conditions.
17.
Three is under no obligation to retain customer registration details and other customer information which you may furnish us with from time to time, and Three will be entitled to delete some or all record of same at any time. For more on our Retention Policy, see the 3 Plus Privacy Notice, below.
18.
These terms and conditions are governed by the laws of the Republic of Ireland. We both agree to bring any legal actions about the Three+ Service in an Irish court.
19.
The promoter is: Three Ireland (Hutchison) Limited of 28/29 Sir John Rogerson’s Quay, Docklands, Dublin 2 Ireland.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://plus.three.ie/privacy:
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages.    If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookies Details‎
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms.    You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Cookies Details‎
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site.    All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Performance Cookies
Vendor Search
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
33Across
host description
View Cookies
Name
cookie name
We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners.
Accept All Cookies
Cookies Settings