Who we are
Focused on Fit, LLC (“
Focused on Fit
“) operates focusedonfit.com and may operate other websites, mobile applications and services. It is Focused on Fit’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our services.
Our website address is: https://focusedonfit.com
Company name and address
Focused on Fit LLC
3420 Pump Rd. #304
Richmond, VA 23233
email
info@focusedonfit.com
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
We do not store credit cards. We do not sell or rent your personal information to marketers or third parties.
Website Visitors & Mobile Application/Web Services
Like most website operators, Focused on Fit collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Focused on Fit’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Focused on Fit’s visitors use its website. From time to time, Focused on Fit may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Focused on Fit also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on focusedonfit.com blogs/sites. Focused on Fit only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site where the comment was left.
We use Mailchimp for our email marketing and automation.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Focused on Fit’s websites choose to interact with Focused on Fit in ways that require Focused on Fit to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Focused on Fit gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at
focusedonfit.com
to provide a username, email address, and other personal information. Those who engage in transactions with Focused on Fit are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, Focused on Fit collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with Focused on Fit . Focused on Fit does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Focused on Fit may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. Focused on Fit may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Focused on Fit does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Focused on Fit discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Focused on Fit’s behalf or to provide services available at Focused on Fit’s websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Focused on Fit’s websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Focused on Fit will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Focused on Fit discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when Focused on Fit believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Focused on Fit, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an Focused on Fit website and have supplied your email address, Focused on Fit may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with Focused on Fit and our products. If you send us a request (for example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Focused on Fit takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Focused on Fit uses cookies to help Focused on Fit identify and track visitors, their usage of Focused on Fit website, and their website access preferences.
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for 1 year. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
Focused on Fit visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Focused on Fit’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of Focused on Fit’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If Focused on Fit , or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that Focused on Fit goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Focused on Fit may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Focused on Fit and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website may download and be able to extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
By default, WordPress does not include a contact form. If you use a contact form plugin, use this subsection to note what personal data is captured when someone submits a contact form, and how long you keep it. For example, you may note that you keep contact form submissions for a certain period for customer service purposes, but you do not use the information submitted through them for marketing purposes.
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
Contact forms are retained for 5 years.
For users that register on our website/mobile app/web services (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile, along with any information logged ex. food, workouts, goals, measurements, etc.
Food, workout, goals, measurements, and other data submitted through mobile applications, web services, and focusedonfit.com are retained as long as your account is not inactive. An account is deemed inactive after 2 years if your account has not been used to log in to our site, app, or services. We will notify you that your account is inactive and your account and data will be deleted. After 30 days of the notification we will remove and delete the account and data. This data is needed to provide historically feedback and information for the service.
All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information. If a user chooses to delete their account all information is removed and any foods/recipes/workouts created ( community submitted, non personal or identifying objects) will be moved to another account. These objects are public to our services and allow other users to access while using our services.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Focused on Fit may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Focused on Fit’s sole discretion. Focused on Fit encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If you have a focusedonfit.com account, you might also receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.