HOME
USE CASES
FAQ
BLOG
APP
Try Beta
COMPANY
Privacy Policy
BRIDGEFY, INC.
Last updated: October 3, 2024
This Privacy Policy (the “
Privacy Policy
”) serves to inform you of our policies and procedures regarding the collection, use and disclosure of the information we receive when you access and use the website (the “
Site
”), services, software, mobile applications, content, and all other products and services (all of the foregoing collectively, the “
Services
”) owned, controlled or offered, directly or indirectly, by Bridgefy, Inc. (together with its subsidiaries and affiliates, “
Bridgefy
”, “
Link
“, “
we
,” “
our
” or “
us
”).  Bridgefy believes that the privacy of its users is paramount and strives to use Personal Information (as defined below) only in ways outlined in this Privacy Policy.  The Privacy Policy is incorporated by reference into our Terms of Service, currently available at
Bridgefy Terms of Service
(the “
Terms of Service
”).  By using the Services, you hereby warrant and represent that you have read, understand and agree to this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Service, that you are a resident of the United States and that you are over 18 years of age.  PLEASE DO NOT USE, INSTALL OR ACCESS THE BRIDGEFY PRODUCTS OR SERVICES IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY. Every single part of this Privacy Policy that covers the Bridgefy App and/or the Bridgefy SDK also applies to the Link – Offline Messenger app.
1.
What We Mean by Personal Information
‍For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “
Personal Information
” means any information from or about a person that either identifies that person directly or that makes that person identifiable when it is combined with other information from or about that person from any source.
2.
Information We Collect
‍
Information You Provide To Us
‍
When you use the Services or otherwise communicate with us, we collect information that you provide to us directly.  For example, we collect information in the following circumstances: you (i) use our mobile apps or visit the Site, (ii) register for the Services or create an account or profile or accept the creation of an account or profile on your behalf (an “
Account
”), (iii) access the Services through social networking sites or third party services, (iv) subscribe to newsletters; (v) purchase a product or service on the Site or in our mobile apps; (vi) invite your friends to join the Services, “share” the Services on social networking sites or perform other similar actions; (vii) request technical support; (viii) otherwise use our mobile apps or online Services where Personal Information is required for such use and/or participation, (ix) when you sign up for a newsletter, and (x) when you contact us via the Site or when you otherwise communicate with us.  You can choose not to provide information that is requested of you by us; however, this may limit your ability to use or access the Services.
The information you provide to us directly may include, without limitation, the following information that may, alone or in combination with other data, constitute Personal Information:
• Information you provide in connection with registering an Account or completing a transaction, including your name, phone number, e-mail, and any other information you decide to provide;
• Information you provide in order to authenticate an Account, including your Account name, password, and any other information you decide to provide;
• Information you provide via email, through the “Contact” section on the Site or by using the contact details listed on various parts of the Site, including your name, company name, e-mail, inquiry, and any other information you decide to provide;
• Information you provide in order to subscribe to our newsletters and updates, including your email address, the topic for which you wish to receive updates, or any other information you decide to provide us with. You may always unsubscribe from these emails by following the instructions included;
• If you are one of our customers, suppliers or prospects, we may process limited Personal Information in the course of our business relation with you, for example when you place an order, request a demo or vice versa. Such Personal Information may include your name, company, title, e-mail address, phone number, order details, and where applicable and relevant, credit registrations and credit limits;
• Transaction and limited (non-PCI) payment data; and
• Any other information you may want to share with us, such as Personal Information related to recruitment / job applications.
Moreover, if you contact us, a record of such correspondence may be kept.
Additionally, if another user refers you to us by providing us with your e-mail address, we may send you a message.  However, we will use your e-mail address only to send such other user’s message unless you otherwise affirmatively provide your information to us.
‍
Automatically Collected Information
‍
Most of the data we collect in and through the Site and the Services is technical in nature and is collected and processed automatically through so-called application programming interfaces, software development kits, cookies and similar software-based technologies. Alone or in combination with other data, such automatically collected data may constitute Personal Information. The data we may collect by automated means may include, without limitation:
• Device data: including, but not limited to, data on device advertising ID’s and similar hardware qualifiers, and precise location data.
• Usage data: including, but not limited to, search terms entered and pages viewed.
• Network and internet information: including, but not limited to, URLs, Internet Protocol addresses, bounce rates, use of spoofing, active (TCP/IP) ports, number of sessions initiated, click streams, location information and network/Wi-Fi access points.
• Information we collect on the use of the Site via cookies: please see the “How We Use Cookies and Other Technologies” section below for more information.
We may use, depending on the Services, (i) location based on the IP address presented by you, (ii) network-based geo-location data based on proximity of network towers or the location of Wi-Fi networks, and/or (iii) geo-location data based on coordinates obtained from a mobile device’s GPS radio and location services.  Your GPS geo-location is accessed in accordance with your device settings.  If location services are enabled on your mobile device and/or a mobile application in connection with the Services, certain of the Services will passively and automatically send location information to Bridgefy in order to for us to deliver location-specific information on your device and compile your individualized timeline. Please note that disabling location service will not anonymize data already collected and uploaded to our servers.Google Analytics is an element of the Site. By using cookies,
Google Analytics collects and stores data such as time of visit, pages visited, time spent on each page of the Site, the Internet Protocol address, and the type of operating system used in the devices used to access the Site. By using a browser plugin available at http://www.google.com/ads/preferences/plugin/ provided by Google, you can opt out of Google Analytics.
‍
Information You Share on Third Party Websites or through Social Media Services
‍
The Services may include links to third party websites and social media services where you will be able to post comments, stories, reviews or other information. Your use of these third party websites and social media services may result in the collection or sharing of information about you by these third party websites and social media services. We encourage you to review the privacy policies and settings on the third party websites and social media services with which you interact to make sure you understand the information that may be collected, used, and shared by those third party websites and social media services.
‍
How We Use Cookies and Other Technologies
‍
Some of the features on the Site and the Services require the use of “cookies” – small text files that are stored on your device’s hard drive. We use cookies to measure which pages are being accessed, and which features are most frequently used. This enables us to continuously improve the Site to meet the needs of our visitors.The following sets out how we may use different categories of cookies and your options for managing cookie settings:
Technologies
Technologies
Technologies
Performance cookies
These cookies collect information about how you use our Sites, including which pages you go to most often and if they receive error messages from certain pages. These cookies do not collect information that individually identifies you. Information is only used to improve how the Site function and perform. From time-to-time, we may engage third parties to track and analyze usage and volume statistical information relating to individuals who visit the Site. We may also utilize Flash cookies for these purposes.
To learn how to opt out of performance cookies using your browser settings,visit
aboutcookies.org
To learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies, visit
macromedia.com
Targeting or advertising cookies
From time-to-time, we may engage third parties to track and analyze usage and volume statistical information from individuals who visit the Site. We sometimes use cookies delivered by third parties to track the performance of our advertisements. For example, these cookies remember which browsers have visited the Site. By way of example, as you browse the Site, advertising cookies maybe placed on your computer so that we can understand what you are interested in. Our advertising partners then enable us to present you with retargeted advertising on other sites based on your previous interaction with the Site. Third parties, with whom we partner to provide certain features on the Site or to display advertising based upon your web browsing activity, use Flash cookies to collect and store information. Flash cookies are different from browser cookies because of the amount of, type of, and how data is stored.
To learn more about these and other advertising networks and their opt out instructions, visit
networkadvertising.org
To learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies, visit
macromedia.com
We and our service providers may also use “pixel tags,” “web beacons,” “clear GIFs,” or similar means in connection with the Services and HTML-formatted email messages to, among other things, track the actions of users, to determine the success of marketing campaigns and to compile aggregate statistics about Site usage and response rates. Our advertisement partners may use a “pixel tag” to collect anonymous information about your visits to the Site, the Services and to other websites, and they may use that information to target advertisements for goods and services. This information is collected anonymously, in a manner that does not personally identify you.
3.
Use of Collected Information
We use the information you provide to us for the following purposes: (i) to further our legitimate interests in providing the Services, including without limitation to collect and remit payment for paid features, (ii) to administer your use of the Services and any Accounts you may have with us, (iii) to personalize your experience, (iv) to provide to you Service announcements or inform you of new releases and features, (v) to provide you with further information and offers from us or third parties that we believe you may find useful or interesting, such as newsletters, marketing or promotional materials, (vi) to perform tasks on behalf of and according to instructions of a third party, such as payment processors, third party-service providers or our advertising partners, (vii) to enforce our Terms of Service, (viii) to resolve any disputes between users and us, (ix) comply with a legal requirement or process, including, but not limited to, civil and criminal subpoenas, court orders or other compulsory disclosures; (x) to further our legitimate interest in protecting our rights, property, or safety and the rights, property and safety of the Services, our users or the public, and (xi) to contact you to obtain feedback from you regarding the Site and the Services.
In addition to the purposes described above, we use the information collected automatically to (i) to further our legitimate interests in monitoring and analyzing the use of the Services and for the technical administration of the Site, (ii) improve the Site and the Services, (iii) generate and derive useful data and information concerning the interests, characteristics and website use behavior of our users, and (iv) verify that users of the Services meet the criteria required to process their requests. We and or our advertising partners may use demographic and geo-location, as well as information logged from your hardware or device, including data such as IP address, device model and ID, MAC address, operating system, application usage data, device time zone, region and language, and click ID, to ensure relevant advertising is presented within the Services.
4.
Third Parties We Share Personal Information With
‍We may disclose Personal Information you provide to us or that we collect automatically on the Site and in and through the Services with the following categories of third parties:
• Service providers, such as payment processors, web hosting and data storage service providers, and helping us deliver and develop the Services, data storage service providers, marketing service providers, and communications service providers;
• Our advertising partners in compliance with applicable law;
• Public authorities, such as law enforcement, if we are legally required to do so or if we need to protect our rights or the rights of third parties; and
• Our subsidiaries and affiliates; or a subsequent owner, co-owner or operator of the Site and/or the Services and their advisors in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, restructuring, the sale of substantially all of our stock and/or assets, or in connection with bankruptcy proceedings, or other corporate reorganization, in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
5.
Links to Other Websites
‍We frequently make content or services from other websites available to you from links located on the Site. We may present links in a format that enables us to keep track of whether these links have been followed. In addition, you may opt to link your Account to your social media account or other accounts, such as Google, in accordance with your Account settings (which you may change at any time) and respective policies of these third parties. This Privacy Policy applies only to the Site and the Services. We do not exercise control over third party services or other websites that provide information, or over banners, other advertisements or links from within the Site or the Services. Your interactions with these third party services are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it. These other sites and services may place their own cookies or other files on your computer’s browser, collect data or solicit Personal Information from you. Other websites and services follow different rules regarding the use or disclosure of the Personal Information that you submit, and the collection and use of such information and access of any third party websites are subject to such third party’s privacy policy. We encourage you to read the privacy policies and other terms of such third parties before using their services.
6.
Security
‍We understand the importance of privacy and security of Personal Information to our users and have made them a priority.  Bridgefy uses a variety of industry-standard security technologies and procedures to help protect Personal Information about you from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure and trains Bridgefy employees on privacy and security issues. However, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to overcome those measures or use your Personal Information for improper purposes, and we do not promise that Personal Information about you or private communications will be protected from unauthorized disclosure or use.
7.
Do Not Track Signals and Similar Mechanisms
‍Some web browsers transmit “do-not-track” signals to websites. Because of differences in how web browsers incorporate and activate this feature, it is not always clear whether users intend for these signals to be transmitted, or whether they even are aware of them.  We currently do not take action in response to these signals.
8.
Managing Your Privacy
‍We keep your data on your behalf and for your benefit. You can correct or terminate and delete your Account information by following the instructions on the Services or by e-mail at contact@bridgefy.me, which you may also access for further assistance and questions regarding the Privacy Policy or for a copy of your Account data. If you cancel your Account or request us to delete your information, Bridgefy will limit its access to Personal Information to perform what is requested by you and will delete information accessible to Bridgefy within seven business days.
9.
Your Rights
‍We take steps to help ensure that you are able to exercise your rights regarding Personal Information about you in accordance with applicable law. If you would like to access, review, erase, withdraw your consent, or object to, or restrict the processing of Personal Data we collect about you, you may submit a request to contact@bridgefy.me. We will promptly review all such requests in accordance with applicable laws. Depending on where you live, you may also have a right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority or other regulatory agency if you believe that we have violated any of the rights concerning Personal Information about you.  We encourage you to first reach out to us at contact@bridgefy.me, so we have an opportunity to address your concerns directly before you do so.]
10.
California Residents
‍California Civil Code Section 1798.83 requires certain businesses that share customer Personal Information with third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes to respond to requests from California customers asking about the businesses’ practices related to such information-sharing. We currently do not share or disclose your Personal Information to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes.  If we change our practices in the future, we will implement an opt-out policy as required under California laws.
Furthermore, subject to certain exemptions, California residents have the following rights with respect to Personal Information we may have collected about them:
‍
Requests to Know
‍
You have the right to request that we disclose:
• The categories of Personal Information we have collected about you;
• The categories of Personal Information about you we have sold or disclosed for a business purpose;
• The categories of sources from which we have collected Personal Information about you;
• The business or commercial purposes for selling or collecting Personal Information about you;
• The categories of Personal Information sold or shared, if any, about you, as well as the categories of third parties to whom the Personal Information was sold, by category of Personal Information for each party to whom Personal Information was sold; and
• The specific pieces of Personal Information collected.
You may submit a request to know using one of the methods described below in “
Methods for Submitting Consumer Requests and Our Response to Requests
”. The delivery of our response may take place electronically or by mail. We are not required to respond to requests to know more than twice in a 12-month period.
We do not sell, and have not in the prior 12 months sold, Personal Information about California residents. Therefore, we have not included a “Do Not Sell My Personal Info” link on our Site. If our practices change, we will update this Privacy Policy and take any other necessary action to comply with applicable law. We do, however, disclose Personal Information for business purposes as described in the “Third Parties We Share Personal Information With” section above.
‍
Requests to Delete
‍
You have the right to request that we delete any Personal Information about you that we have collected. Upon receiving a verified request to delete Personal Information, we will do so unless otherwise required or authorized by law. You may submit a request to delete Personal Information using one of the methods described below in “
Methods for Submitting Consumer Requests and Our Response to Requests
”.
‍
Authorized Agents
‍
You may designate an authorized agent to make requests on your behalf. You must provide an authorized agent written permission to submit a request on your behalf, and we may require that you verify your identity directly with us. Alternatively, an authorized agent that has been provided power of attorney pursuant to Probate Code sections 4000-4465 may submit a request on your behalf.
‍
Methods for Submitting Consumer Requests and Our Response to Requests
‍
You may submit a request for access and requests to delete Personal Information about you:
• via email at contact@bridgefy.me, or
• via mail at 9429 Harding Ave. PMB 148, Surfside, Florida, 33154 United States.
Upon receipt of a request, we may ask you for additional information to verify your identity. Any additional information you provide will be used only to verify your identity and not for any other purpose.
We will acknowledge the receipt of your request within 10 days of receipt. Subject to our ability to verify your identity, we will respond to your request within 45 days of receipt. If we require more time (up to 90 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing.  In order to protect your privacy and the security of Personal Information about you, prior to taking action on any request we will verify your identity. We may require you to provide additional information for verification purposes.
Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request’s receipt. The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
‍
The Right to Non-Discrimination
‍
You have the right not to be discriminated against for the exercise of your California privacy rights described above. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:
• Deny you goods or services;
• Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties;
• Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services; or
• Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
11.
International Transfers of Personal Information
‍Bridgefy is based in the United States.  As a result, Personal Information that we collect in and through the Services and on the Site may be transferred to our U.S. offices. In addition, we may work with third-party service providers in the U.S. and in other countries to support our business activities. Thus, Personal Information may be transferred to, stored on servers in, and accessed from the United States and countries other than the country in which the Personal Information was initially collected. In all such instances, we use, transfer, and disclose Personal Information solely for the purposes described in this Privacy Notice and in compliance with applicable laws.
12.
Data Retention
‍We keep Personal Information related to your Account for as long as it is needed to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected, to provide our services, to deal with possible legal claims, to comply with our business interests and/or to abide by all applicable laws. Thereafter, we either delete Personal Information about you or de-identify it. Please note that even if you request the deletion of Personal Information about you, we may be required (by law or otherwise) to retain the Personal Information and not delete it. However, once those requirements are removed, we will delete Personal Information about you in accordance with your request.
13.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
‍Our security and Privacy Policy are periodically reviewed and enhanced as necessary. This Privacy Policy might change as we update and expand the Services. You can tell when this Privacy Policy was last updated by reviewing the Last Updated-legend on top of this page. We will endeavor to notify you of these changes by email, but will not be liable for any failure to do so. We also encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically. If you do not understand any of the terms or conditions of any of our policies, you may inquire regarding the same via email at contact@bridgefy.me. Your continued use of the Services after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
14.
Contacting Us
‍If you have any concerns or questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at contact@bridgefy.me or by mail to 9429 Harding Ave. PMB 148, Surfside, Florida, 33154 United States.
Email
*
*
Submit
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://bridgefy.me/privacy-policy/privacy-policy:
BLOG
Bridgefy SDK
"Excellent! function perfectly without internet. 🤟🤟🤟🤟🤟🤟 Congratulations to the Mexicans who created it!"
Camilo Franco
Google Play Review
"Excellent solution to use in any emergency."
Alejandra Lizarazu
Google Play Review
"Great app!Very useful app for densely populated areas."
TheGadgetinator
Appstore Review
"Keeps getting better! The app keeps improving security and encryption — and also adding features."
lynnerae
Appstore Review
Ukrainians Prepping For Internet Loss By Getting Apps For Offline, Private, Mesh Communications.
Some of the apps, like Bridgefy, use Bluetooth to create a mesh network that does not depend on a functioning internet and cannot be easily disrupted by authorities.
Forbes
Feb 25, 2022 01:01pm EST
Ukrainians turn to encrypted messengers, offline maps and Twitter amid Russian invasion.
‍
Ukrainians have turned to offline mapping and encrypted communication apps in the wake of the Russian invasion of their country, which is displacingho have left their homes to eitherto neighboring countries.
Tech Crunch
May 28, 2022 12:36 PM CST
Democracy’s Digital Defenses.
New tools, many developed by the private sector, have the potential to thwart surveillance and disinformation by authoritarian governments
The Wall Street Journal
May 7, 2021 11:59 am ET
Hong Kong Protestors Using Mesh Messaging App
How do you communicate when the government censors the internet? With a peer-to-peer mesh broadcasting network that doesn't use the internet.
Forbes
May 7, 2021 11:59 am ET
Offline message app downloaded over million times after Myanmar coup.
Offline messaging app Bridgefy said it was downloaded more than 1 million times in Myanmar...
Reuters
May 7, 2021 11:59 am ET
The Mathematics of How Connections Become Global.
Percolation theory illuminates the behavior of many kinds of networks, from cell-phone connections to disease transmission.
Scientific American
May 7, 2021 11:59 am ET
BRIDGEFY SDK
Are you a developer?
Does your company have a mobile app? Your tech development team can easily add the Bridgefy SDK to your app’s code, and make it work without Internet! Open up to new markets and revenue streams by being there for your users when your competitors are nowhere to be found.
Check out Bridgefy
Email
*
*
Submit