Last Updated: June 2018
Your privacy is important to us at Hatch Baby, Inc. (“we”, “us”, “our”). Our online privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) is our attempt to explain the types of information, including Personally Identifiable Information, that we gather from you when you use our offerings:
Websites
(including but not limited to http://hatchbaby.com)
Apps
(including but not limited to Rest, Hatch Baby, Answered)(“apps”),
Products
(including but not limited to The Smart Changing Pad®, Hatch Baby Rest, Hatch Baby Grow) (“products”)
Services
(including but not limited to Sleep Program, Answered)(“services”)
This Privacy Policy also informs you as to your choices regarding use and disclosure of your Personally Identifiable Information. If you have questions, comments, or concerns about our privacy policy, please contact us at
support@hatchbaby.com
.
By accessing any Hatch Baby offerings, you agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not use our offerings. Each time you use our offerings, the current version of the Privacy Policy will apply.
Information Collection and Use
Information You Provide Us While Using the
Rest App
While using the app Rest we collect certain personally identifiable information including, but is not limited to, your name, your email address, child’s name, child’s birthday, child’s gender ("Personal Information"). We use this information to help personalize your experience with the app.
Android requires that location services be turned on to actively connect to BLE devices. We do not collect or use that information in our apps.
Information You Provide Us While Using the
Hatch Baby App
While using the app Hatch Baby we collect certain personally identifiable information including, but is not limited to, your name, your email address, child’s name, child’s birthday, child’s gender ("Personal Information"). We use this information to help personalize your experience with the app.
While using the Hatch Baby app you will record various information about activities depending on what features of the app you chose to use. These may include, but are not limited to, weights, sleeps, feedings pumpings and length. This information is displayed to you through the daily summary, daily schedule, daily activity and stats for your own personal use when tracking your baby activities.
When using the Hatch Baby app, you may also provide us with contact information for other individuals, such as your friends and family, in order to invite to see your child’s information. By submitting personal information relating to other people to us, you represent that you have the authority to do so and to permit us to use the information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Information You Provide Us While Using
Services
While using our Services, we may ask you to provide us with certain information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to, your name, email address, child’s name, child’s gender, demographic information, password, postal address and phone number ("Personal Information"). Experts you interact with through our Services have access to the information you provide, for use only while assisting you.
While using our Services you may disclose information about your child or yourself while seeking advice. Private conversations with our experts are just that, private, and your personal details will not be shared. Content you post to Answered will be visible to the Answered community.
If you make a purchase using a credit or debit card through the Services, your payment information may be collected by a third-party payment provider and not by us.
Information You Provide Us While Using
Websites
While using our Websites, if you purchase a product or create an account, we may ask you to provide us with certain information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to, your name, email address, postal address and phone number ("Personal Information").
If you make a purchase using a credit or debit card through the Services, your payment information may be collected by a third-party payment provider and not by us.
Our website uses cookies and Google Analytics. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer's hard drive, information generated by Google Analytics will be transmitted to and stored by Google. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our website.
How We Use Your Information
–To personalize your experience in our apps and services.
–To run diagnostic reports on our Products and Apps
–We may aggregate data collected through the Services and may use and disclose it for any purpose.
–To assist you in resolving issues with Products and Apps How We Share Your Information
We won’t sell, loan or distribute your personal information, except in the following circumstances:
–
To process a purchase or request you have made we will share relevant information with our employees, contractors, third party service providers, and affiliated organizations that need to know that information in order to process it on our behalf. For example, your postal address will be send to a carrier that needs to ship you a product. By using our products and services, you consent to the transfer of such information to them.
–
To include you in a giveaway with our advertising and marketing partners in order to promote our Services, including joint marketing partners and affiliates.
–
To serve you advertisements regarding goods and services that may be of interest to you when you access and use our websites, online services and apps. In these cases we may use third-party advertising companies and these companies may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser (including through use of pixel tags). To learn more about this practices, and to learn about your choices in connection with it, please visit the Digital Advertising Alliance’s Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising at www.aboutads.info, or the Network Advertising Initiative at www.networkadvertising.org.
–
To a potential or actual acquirer, successor, or assignee as part of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets or stock (including in bankruptcy or similar proceedings).
–
If required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is appropriate (a) under applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence; (b) to comply with legal process; (c) to respond to requests from public and government authorities, including public and government authorities outside your country of residence; (d) to enforce our terms and conditions; (e) to protect our operations or those of any of our affiliates; (f) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you or others; and (g) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
–
We will never sell your Personally Identifiable Information, but we may sell aggregated, anonymized forms of information to third parties.
Children’s Privacy
You must be at least eighteen (18) years of age to register for and use our offerings. Our products, apps and services are intended for parents and are not directed to children. We request children under the age of 18 not provide personal information through our offerings.
Your Choices
From time to time, we send marketing e-mail messages to our users. If you no longer want to receive such emails from us on a going forward basis, you may opt-out via the “unsubscribe” link provided in each such email.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. We will maintain appropriate administrative, physical, and technical safeguards for protection of the security, confidentiality and integrity of our Services and related data.
Compliance With Laws
We will disclose your Personal Information where required to do so by law or subpoena or if we believe that such action is necessary to comply with the law and the reasonable requests of law enforcement or to protect the security or integrity of our services.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
We may change our Privacy Policy from time to time at our sole discretion. We encourage visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to our Privacy Policy. Your continued use of our products and services after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of the change.
Inquiries
If you have any questions, feel free to contact us by email at:
support@hatchbaby.com
or by mail at:
Hatch Baby, Inc.
3525 Alameda De Las Pulgas, Suite D
Menlo Park, California 94025