Privacy Policy for www.abjjad.com
If you require any more information or have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us by email at feedback@abjjad.com.
Office Address: King Hussein Business Park - Building 23 - 3rd Floor - Amman - Jordan
Business Name: Abjjad LTD
At www.abjjad.com, the privacy of our visitors is of extreme importance to us. This privacy policy document outlines the types of personal information is received and collected by www.abjjad.com and how it is used.
Privacy-relevant Android permissions requested by this app
Phone calls
Allows the app to access the phone features of the device. This permission allows the app to determine the phone number and device IDs, whether a call is active, and the remote number connected by a call.
Storage
Allows the app to write/read to/from the USB storage.
Your accounts
Allows the app to get the list of accounts known by the phone. This may include any accounts created by applications you have installed.
Log Files
Like many other Web sites, www.abjjad.com makes use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol ( IP ) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider ( ISP ), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
Cookies and Web Beacons
www.abjjad.com does use cookies to store information about visitors’ preferences, record user-specific information on which pages the user access or visit, customize Web page content based on visitors’ browser type or other information that the visitor sends via their browser.
DoubleClick DART Cookie
.:: Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on www.abjjad.com.
.:: Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to users based on their visit to www.abjjad.com and other sites on the Internet.
.:: Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following URL - http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
Some of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our site. Our advertising partners include Google Adsense.
These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to the advertisements and links that appear on www.abjjad.com send directly to your browsers. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies (such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons) may also be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and / or to personalize the advertising content that you see.
www.abjjad.com has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. www.abjjad.com's privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites.
If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers' respective websites.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to
Email:
is used to identify the user as an account in abjjad and send customized emails when needed
Name:
is used to name the account of the user.
Phone Number:
is used to communicate with the user by the customer support, only if the user allowed it.
Country info:
is to show correct currencies and customized content Based on country
Advertising id:
is used for advertising purposes
Behavior usage:
is used to enhance the experience of users to our app
The information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app
Google Play Services
Google Analytics for Firebase
Firebase Crashlytics
Facebook
One Signal
AppMetrica
Amplitude
Installed apps collection
We might collect and send installed apps on your device to third party application if we found malicious apps or harmful ones.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app
Google Analytics for Firebase
Firebase Crashlytics
Amplitude
Information Deletion
At any time, the user can delete his data collected by Abjjad using the following page
Edit connectivity settings with social networks
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you
		 	use our Service, in a case of an error in the app
		 	we collect data and information (through third party
		 	products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may
		 	include information such as your device Internet Protocol
		 	(“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the
		 	configuration of the app when utilizing our Service,
		 	the time and date of your use of the Service, and other
		 	statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are
		 		commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent
		 		to your browser from the websites that you visit and are
		 		stored on your device's internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However,
		 		the app may use third party code and libraries that use
		 		“cookies” to collect information and improve their services.
		 		You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies
		 		and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you
		 		choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some
		 		portions of this Service.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and
		 		individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform users of this Service
		 		that these third parties have access to your Personal
		 		Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to
		 		them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to
		 		disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your
		 		Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially
		 		acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method
		 		of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic
		 		storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot
		 		guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on
		 		a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note
		 		that these external sites are not operated by us.
		 		Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the
		 		Privacy Policy of these websites. We have
		 		no control over and assume no responsibility for the content,
		 		privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or
		 		services.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13.
		 		We do not knowingly collect personally
		 		identifiable information from children under 13 years of age. In the case
		 		we discover that a child under 13 has provided
		 		us with personal information, we immediately
		 		delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian
		 		and you are aware that your child has provided us with
		 		personal information, please contact us so that
		 		we will be able to do necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from
		 		time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page
		 		periodically for any changes. We will
		 		notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on
		 		this page.
This policy is effective as of 2021-07-06
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our
		 		Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at feedback@abjjad.com.
سياسة الخصوصية لموقع أبجد.كوم
الخصوصية وبيان سريّة المعلومات
نقدر مخاوفكم واهتمامكم بشأن خصوصية بياناتكم على شبكة الإنترنت.
لقد تم إعداد هذه السياسة لمساعدتكم في تفهم طبيعة البيانات التي نقوم بتجميعها منكم عند زيارتكم لموقعنا على شبكة الانترنت وكيفية تعاملنا مع هذه البيانات الشخصية.
التصفح
لم نقم بتصميم هذا الموقع من أجل تجميع بياناتك الشخصية من جهاز الكمبيوتر الخاص بك أثناء تصفحك لهذا الموقع, وإنما سيتم فقط استخدام البيانات المقدمة من قبلك بمعرفتك ومحض إرادتك.
عنوان بروتوكول شبكة الإنترنت (IP)
في أي وقت تزور فيه اي موقع انترنت بما فيها هذا الموقع , سيقوم السيرفر المضيف بتسجيل عنوان بروتوكول شبكة الإنترنت   (IP) الخاص بك , تاريخ ووقت الزيارة ونوع متصفح الإنترنت الذي تستخدمه والعنوان URL الخاص بأي موقع من مواقع الإنترنت التي تقوم بإحالتك إلى الى هذا الموقع على الشبكة.
عمليات المسح على الشبكة
إن عمليات المسح التي نقوم بها مباشرة على الشبكة تمكننا من تجميع بيانات محددة مثل البيانات المطلوبة منك بخصوص نظرتك وشعورك تجاه موقعنا.تعتبر ردودك ذات أهمية قصوى , ومحل تقديرنا حيث أنها تمكننا من تحسين مستوى موقعنا, ولك كامل الحرية والإختيار في تقديم البيانات المتعلقة بإسمك والبيانات الأخرى.
الروابط بالمواقع الأخرى على شبكة الإنترنت
قد يشتمل موقعنا على روابط بالمواقع الأخرى على شبكة الإنترنت. او علانات من مواقع اخرى مثل Google AdSense ولا نعتبر مسئولين عن أساليب تجميع البيانات من قبل تلك المواقع, يمكنك الاطلاع على سياسات السرية والمحتويات الخاصة بتلك المواقع التي يتم الدخول إليها من خلال أي رابط ضمن هذا الموقع.
نحن قد نستعين بشركات إعلان لأطراف ثالثة لعرض الإعلانات عندما تزور موقعنا على الويب. يحق لهذه الشركات أن تستخدم معلومات حول زياراتك لهذا الموقع ولمواقع الويب الأخرى (باستثناء الاسم أو العنوان أو عنوان البريد الإلكتروني أو رقم الهاتف)، وذلك من أجل تقديم إعلانات حول البضائع والخدمات التي تهمك. إذا كنت ترغب في مزيد من المعلومات حول هذا الأمر وكذلك إذا كنت تريد معرفة الاختيارات المتاحة لك لمنع استخدام هذه المعلومات من قِبل هذه الشركات ، فالرجاء النقر هنا.
إفشاء المعلومات
سنحافظ في كافة الأوقات على خصوصية وسرية كافة البيانات الشخصية التي نتحصل عليها. ولن يتم إفشاء هذه المعلومات إلا إذا كان ذلك مطلوباً بموجب أي قانون أو عندما نعتقد بحسن نية أن مثل هذا الإجراء سيكون مطلوباً أو مرغوباً فيه للتمشي مع القانون , أو للدفاع عن أو حماية حقوق الملكية الخاصة بهذا الموقع أو الجهات المستفيدة منه.
البيانات اللازمة لتنفيذ المعاملات المطلوبة من قبلك
عندما نحتاج إلى أية بيانات خاصة بك , فإننا سنطلب منك تقديمها بمحض إرادتك. حيث ستساعدنا هذه المعلومات في الاتصال بك وتنفيذ طلباتك حيثما كان ذلك ممكنناً. لن يتم اطلاقاً بيع البيانات المقدمة من قبلك إلى أي طرف ثالث بغرض تسويقها لمصلحته الخاصة دون الحصول على موافقتك المسبقة والمكتوبة ما لم يتم ذلك على أساس أنها ضمن بيانات جماعية تستخدم للأغراض الإحصائية والأبحاث دون اشتمالها على أية بيانات من الممكن استخدامها للتعريف بك.
عند الاتصال بنا
سيتم التعامل مع كافة البيانات المقدمة من قبلك على أساس أنها سرية . تتطلب النماذج التي يتم تقديمها مباشرة على الشبكة تقديم البيانات التي ستساعدنا في تحسين موقعنا.سيتم استخدام البيانات التي يتم تقديمها من قبلك في الرد على كافة استفساراتك , ملاحظاتك , أو طلباتك من قبل هذا الموقع أو أيا من المواقع التابعة له .
إفشاء المعلومات لأي طرف ثالث
لن نقوم ببيع , المتاجرة , تأجير , أو إفشاء أية معلومات لمصلحة أي طرف ثالث خارج هذا الموقع, أو المواقع التابعة له.وسيتم الكشف عن المعلومات فقط في حالة صدور أمر بذلك من قبل أي سلطة قضائية أو تنظيمية.
جمع المعلومات واستخدامها
لتستمتع بتجربة أفضل عند استخدام خدماتنا٬ قد نطلب منك تزويدنا ببعض المعلومات المحددة للهوية الشخصية. سنحتفظ بالمعلومات التي نطلبها ونستخدمها حسب ما هو موضّح في سياسة الخصوصية هذه.
يستخدم تطبيق أبجد خدمات أطراف ثالثة قد تجمع معلومات قادرة على تحديد هويتك الشخصية.
هذه روابط لمقدّمي الخدمات من الأطراف الثالثة التي يستخدمها تطبيق أبجد:
Google Play Services
Google Analytics for Firebase
Firebase Crashlytics
Facebook
One Signal
Amplitude
جمع المعلومات عن التطبيقات المثبتة
قد نشارك المعلومات مع أطراف ثالثة إذا وجدت على جهازك أي تطبيقات ضارة أو غير آمنة.
هذه روابط لمقدّمي الخدمات من الأطراف الثالثة التي يستخدمها تطبيق أبجد:
Google Analytics for Firebase
Firebase Crashlytics
Amplitude
التعديلات على سياسة سرية وخصوصية المعلومات
نحتفظ بالحق في تعديل بنود وشروط سياسة سرية وخصوصية المعلومات إن لزم الأمر ومتى كان ذلك ملائماً. سيتم تنفيذ التعديلات هنا او على صفحة سياسة الخصوصية الرئيسية وسيتم بصفة مستمرة إخطارك بالبيانات التي حصلنا عليها , وكيف سنستخدمها والجهة التي سنقوم بتزويدها بهذه البيانات.
الاتصال بنا
يمكنكم الاتصال بنا عند الحاجة من خلال الضغط على رابط اتصل بنا المتوفر في روابط موقعنا او الارسال الى بريدنا feedback@abjjad.com
اخيرا
إن مخاوفك واهتمامك بشأن سرية وخصوصية البيانات تعتبر مسألة في غاية الأهمية بالنسبة لنا. نحن نأمل أن يتم تحقيق ذلك من خلال هذه السياسة.