Stores
Customer Service
Work with Apache
Login
Register
Delivery
Collection
Select a store
Select a store
Select a store
You haven't ordered anything yet
Your privacy is important to us
This policy tells you about how we use and protect your personal information. The Good Food Company Ltd and all Franchisees trading under the Apache Pizza trademark, (hereinafter referred to as “The Company” or “We” “Our” or “Us”), acknowledges and respects the privacy of individuals. Safeguarding your privacy and the security of your personal information is important to us. This policy covers the personal information that We hold and sets out the way in which We will use, manage and protect your personal information when you visit any of our websites, or place an order over the telephone or in one of our stores. Please take a few minutes to read the following policy so that you understand how we treat your personal information. We may revise Our policy from time to time whenever necessary. So please check Our website regularly to stay informed of any updates. This policy has been updated and is effective as of May 2018.
Contact Details
If you have questions about our policy, you can contact us at:
Apache Pizza, Headquarters
Unit 11
Balbriggan Business Park
Balbriggan
Ireland
Email: privacy@apache.ie
Collection of information
We collect information about how you use our website and our services. If you contact us by letter, phone, email, through a competition or games pages, we will collect your sender information and may collect the other information you voluntarily disclose to us. We may collect personal information from you on Our website, over the telephone and in our stores at point of sale, including some or all of the following: your name, address, telephone number(s), text messaging information, email addresses and other electronic or digital contact and messaging media, credit card or other payment details and any other information voluntarily provided. You have the choice not to disclose any Personal information on our website, or over the telephone or instore at point of sale, however We may not be able to provide some services if you choose not to disclose any Personal Information.
What Information do we collect and why?
If an order is placed:
Name
We like to use customer names when we get in touch.
To help us ensure we're giving the pizza to the right person.
Phone number
We use phones numbers for account verification and login.
A store may also contact you regarding an order you have placed.
If you have opted-in to text-marketing you may receive promotional messages from your local store or head office.
Address
To deliver the product.
We sometimes group and analyse where orders are coming from and at what time to improve our delivery service and reduce the amount of time a customer is kept waiting.
Email Address
To send a digital copy of receipts.
If you have opted-in to email-marketing you may receive promotional messages from your local store or head office.
If you downloaded our app:
Location
To help find your nearest store.
To calculate an accurate delivery charge.
Phone
So you can call the store easily from within the app.
Wi-Fi Connection Information
So we can connect and link up with the store.
Device ID & Call information
We only use the device ID for sending push notifications.
Device & app history
We only look at this information if we have a complaint about the app's functionality. We check the device operating system version, model and default browser so that we can try to replicate the issue accurately.
Photos / Media / Files
We write a log file onto the device so that we can see the actions taken only within the Apache app in the event of a complaint.
If you use our feedback form:
Email address
In case we need to get back in touch about the feedback given or pass your information along to the Franchisee of the store in question if further investigation is required.
Phone number
In case we need to get back in touch about the feedback given or pass your information along to the Franchisee of the store in question if further investigation is required.
Who else has access to this information?
Statistical information and Personal information may from time to time be disclosed to a third party. For example:
To fulfill the purpose for which the Personal information was provided.
If you place an order online and provide payment/credit card details, We pass your details onto our payment provider, Paypal (or other secure internet payment gateway).
If you have given consent for that information to be shared for an express purpose, such as competition entry and or joint promotions.
If we are required to disclose the information by law.
Our data processors include:
S4D
SOLUTIONS 4 DELIVERY
B.V. Barbara Strozzilaan 101,
1083 HN Amsterdam,
Netherlands
Sainoco Technologies Limited.
D4 Riverview Business Park,
New Nangor Road,
Dublin 12, Ireland
Phone: +353 (0)1 460 6810
Email: info@sainoco.com
Zinmobi
Block 2,
HQ Tralee, Dominic St,
Tralee, Co. Kerry, Ireland
Phone: 353 (0)66 7185721
Cookies
Our cookies cannot and do not retrieve any other data from your hard drive or pass on computer viruses. If you are just browsing our website, a cookie identifies your browser and user id (and not your identity). Like many websites on the Internet, our website uses cookies. Cookies are small strings of data placed on users' personal computer hard drives during the exchange of data that happens when your browser points to our website. Cookies enable a website to identify a user's browser as a previous visitor by means of a unique string of numbers assigned on a previous visit. Our cookies assist us in collecting information on what pages of our website you access or visit, and in recording any preferences you indicate on our website.
In some special cases we also use cookies provided by trusted third parties. The following section details which third party cookies you might encounter through this site. This site uses Google Analytics which is one of the most widespread and trusted analytics solution on the web for helping us to understand how you use the site and ways that we can improve your experience. These cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site and the pages that you visit so we can continue to produce engaging content. For more information on Google Analytics cookies, see the official Google Analytics page.
Storage of Information
We store the information you provide to us and the information we collect electronically in our computer databases. We own, maintain and operate our computer servers containing our databases. Access to our computer servers is controlled by a series of security features. However we cannot guarantee that our security measures will not prevent a third party from unlawfully accessing or intercepting personal information stored or where an error may occur in the administration of our website. In consideration of which We advise that you use caution whenever submitting personal information online.
How can I see what data you have?
We will provide you with your unique account-related information and information from contacts that we maintain about you by writing to The Company (please see Contact Details), or by email to: info@apache.ie . In your request, please provide us with your current specific contact information so that we can accurately check our records.
How do I remove my data from your system?
You can do so by contacting info@apache.ie. If you contact us by email please include your phone number so we can find the account. You may be asked a series of questions to verify you are the owner of the account.
Use of Information
We use the personal information about you stored in our member database in various ways. We keep track of your food preferences, order history and restaurant choices and analyse that information. We do so in order to be able to contact you with special advertisements, offers and notices (if you have opted-in to our marketing services) regarding foods and restaurants that seem to fit with your preferences, from time to time.
We do not sell your personal information, or any information that can be identified to you personally, to any third-party marketers or other third parties. We do aggregate information about how our service is used without specific identification to any particular user) to be able to improve our service and make it more responsive to our customers' preferences. We also make such summary information available to our restaurant affiliates in order to obtain information about products, services, offers and notices which we believe will be useful and informative to our website users.
How do I stop receiving messages?
To stop receiving notices of future offers or contact from Us by Text or Email Messages email with a written request to The Company (please see Contact Details). Please provide us with full and current contact information and information on which Apache Pizza Store is contacting you by text or email so that we can process the cease contact option properly and efficiently.
Sensitive Information
We do not collect, use or disclose sensitive information (for example: information about religious or political ideologies, racial or ethnic backgrounds) unless with your specific consent or if we are required by Irish or European law to disclose any or all such personal information.
Children's Privacy
The general website is designed for use by persons aged 15 or older. Apache Pizza does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 15 from the main section of the site, if we discover that we have received personally identifiable information from an individual who indicates that he or she is, or whom Apache Pizza otherwise has reason to believe is, under the age of 15, Apache Pizza will delete such information from its systems. Additionally, a child's parent or legal guardian may request that the child's information be corrected or deleted from our files by requesting this via our Customer feedback page or by contacting us (please see
Contact Details
) at the details given above.
Kids Area
As much as possible the Apache Pizza Privacy Policy includes best practices recommended by The
Children's Online Privacy Protection Act
in the USA (COPPA) and the European Union's Data Protection Directive. This statement relates to situations where information is collected on children through the www.apache.ie website and specifically the Kids Area. The general reason information is collected about someone is for competition purposes. This information will be used for the express purpose for which it was collected. No additional information other than that necessary will be collected. Information collected will be deleted from our systems once the competition is complete. Through our server log file, we collect general information on visitors to the www.apache.ie website, e.g. the number of pages viewed, what was the referring website, the keywords searched, etc. This information is used for improving the content and structure of the centre’s website.
Personal information collected is limited to e-mail address and basic contact information which the user must submit through the Kids Area - Contact page. This information is deleted off our systems as soon as a competition is completed. We may require additional information from the winner(s) of competitions, where this is the case we will seek parental permission.
Promotions and Prizes
We search for merchants who sponsor promotions and offer prizes. When we find such merchants, we provide the means on our website, newsletter or emails for our users to register for the contests or receive great offers. When you register for a contest, your name and email address may be provided to the merchant sponsoring the contest.
Disclaimer
The Company is not liable or responsible for any damages or injuries caused by use of our website (such as viruses, omissions or misstatements). The Company may revise the information, services and the resources contained in our website from time to time and we reserve the right to make such changes without obligation to notify past, current or prospective visitors. In no event shall The Company be liable for any indirect, special, incidental, or consequential damages arising out of any use of the information contained herein.
Trademarks & Copyright
All content included on this website, including text, graphics, icons, images and software are the property of The Good Food Company Limited and are protected by Irish and European copyright laws.
The content and software on this interactive service may be used as informational, any other use, including the reproduction, modification, distribution, transmission, republication, display or performance, of the content on this web site is strictly prohibited.
Apache Pizza, and the Apache Pizza logo are registered trademarks of the Good Food Company Ltd. in Ireland and other countries. Other Apache Pizza graphics, logos and trade names are trademarks of the Good Food Company Ltd, trademarks may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not affiliated with the Good Food Company in any manner that is likely to cause uncertainty among customers, or in any manner that denigrates or discredits Apache Pizza.
Ben & Jerry, Coca Cola, Coke and Sprite are registered trademarks of their respective companies.
Please contact us with any questions or comments. We want you to enjoy your use of Apache Pizza’s service. If you have any questions, or believe that a violation of this policy may have occurred, please let us know. For Customer Feedback please visit our Feedback form.
0
Login
Login to your S4D account
Login with Facebook
or
E-mail address
Password
Change or forgot password
Remember me
or
Register
Register
Register
Register now with an Apache Pizza Account
Login with Facebook
or
E-mail address
Password
Password strength
At least 8 characters
At least one lowercase letter
At least one capital letter
At least one punctuation mark (@$!%*?&)
Repeat password
Join My Apache!
Do you want to benefit from our exclusive offers? Enter following information to become a member and start saving Apache Coins.
Learn more about My Apache
Yes, I want to join My Apache!
Name
Phone number
Receive Offers By Email
Receive Offers By SMS
Receive Push Notifications
I accept the terms and conditions
Terms of use
Read more on our
Terms of use
. Learn how we collect, use and share your data in our
Data Policy
and how we use cookies and similar technology in our
Cookie Policy
.
Cancel
Accept
Cancel
Accept
Cancel
Accept
Cancel
Accept
Invalid customer code
Confirm
We are using cookies
Important change for permission for the use of cookies for advertisement and social media. Read about what we are using when placing a cookie on our
cookie statement
page.
If you don't want to let your internet behaviour used for this, please change your cookie settings.
Edit settings
Approve
Sub-section Policy: 