ShareTheMeal is an initiative of the World Food Programme (WFP). WFP is an international organization of the United Nations. It is committed to the privacy of individuals in accordance with its own rules and regulations, including on personal data protection. WFP acts as the controller of all personal data collected in accordance with this Privacy Policy, and can be contacted as set out below in Section 18.
1. Scope of Policy
This Privacy Policy describes how we collect, use, process, and disclose your information, including personal information, in conjunction with your access to and use of the ShareTheMeal websites and/or use of our ShareTheMeal application (the “
User
”).
Our website and/or the app are referred to as the “
Service
”. By using this Service, you agree to the privacy policy outlined herein.
2. Information We Collect
We collect information in order to provide and improve our Service, to administer your use of the Service and to enable you to enjoy and easily navigate our Service.
When you use the Service or engage in certain activities, such as downloading the app, making a donation, requesting services or information, or contacting us directly, we may ask you to provide some or all of the following types of information:
Installing the app: If you use the Service without an Account, you do not enter personal information (please see below for information which is collected automatically). If you create an Account using your login credentials from one of your third-party services accounts such as Facebook, you share your public profile information (name, profile picture) and optionally your email address and/or a list of your contacts. If you create an email-based Account, we will request your name and email address.
Making a donation via the Service: If you make a one-off or recurring donation via the Service, you provide your payment method information.
Communications with us: We may collect personal information from you such as email address, first and last name when you choose to request information about our Service, sign up for ShareTheMeal’s newsletter, request to receive customer or technical support, or otherwise communicate with us directly or through Third Parties.
Making a gift donation: If you are making a donation on behalf of another person (as a gift), you may be asked for that person’s name and contact details in order to enable us to deliver the gift to the recipient.
User-generated content: You may be able to customize and create certain content such as teams, text and audio-visual materials.
In addition to the information you choose to provide to us, we and our service providers also use standard technologies to automatically collect certain additional information:
We automatically record certain information about how you use our Service. This may include information such as a User’s Internet Protocol (IP) address, cookie identifiers, Advertiser ID and other device identifiers that are automatically assigned to your computer or device when you access the Internet, operating system, country, languages and locales, hardware type, the pages or features of our Service to which you browsed and the time spent on those pages or features, the links on our Services that you clicked on and other statistics. We use such data to administer the Service and we analyze (and may engage third parties to analyze) such data to improve, customize and enhance our Service by expanding features and functionality and tailoring them to individuals’ needs and preferences.
3. Information from Other Sources
We may receive information about you from third parties. For example, if you access our Services through an application of a third party, such as the App Store/Google Play Store or a Social Networking Service (“SNS”), we may collect such information about you from that third-party application that you have made public via your privacy settings therein. Information we collect through third-party applications may include your name, your SNS user identification number, your SNS user name, profile picture and optionally your email and list of your contacts on the SNS.
We will never post anything to a SNS without your permission.
4. How We Use Your Information
We acquire, hold, use, and process personal information for a variety of business purposes, including:
to provide, personalise, and improve your experience with the Service, for example by providing customised, personalised, or localised content, recommendations, features, and advertising related to the Service on or outside of the Service;
to ensure technical functionality of the Service, develop new features and services, and analyse your use of the Service, including your interaction with the mobile application, advertising, products, and services that are made available, linked to, or offered through the Service;
to communicate with you for Service-related or research purposes including via emails, notifications, or other messages, which you agree to receive;
to process your payment to prevent or detect fraud including fraudulent payments and fraudulent use of the Service;
to communicate with you, either directly or through one of our partners, for marketing and promotional purposes via emails, notifications, or other messages, consistent with any permissions you may have communicated to us; in the section User Access and Control below, we inform you of the controls you can use to opt out from receiving certain messages;
to enable and promote the Service and other relevant services or products, either within or outside the Service, including features and content of the Service and products and services made available through the Service.
5. Sharing Personal Information with Third Parties
When you have connected with Facebook on the Service, the following personal information will be publicly available on the Service: your first name, profile picture and your achievements.
We use technical service providers which may operate the technical infrastructure that we need to provide the Service, in particular providers which host, store, manage, and maintain the application, its content and the data we process.
We use technical service providers to help us communicate with you, as described in Section
”How We Use Your Information”
of this Policy.
We use marketing and advertising partners to show you more tailored content, or to help us understand your use of the Service, to provide you with a better service. We also may share personal information with certain marketing and advertising partners to send you promotional communications about the Service.
6. Cookies, Third-Party Software Development Kits and Tracking
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the User's device containing information about the device. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while using the Service. By setting a cookie, ShareTheMeal will remember the User the next time he/she visits the Service. The User is always free to decline our cookies if his/her browser permits, although in that case he/she may not be able to use certain features of the Service and may be required to re-enter information more frequently to use certain features of the Service.
We use third-party software development kits (“SDKs”) as part of the functionality of our Service. Third-party SDKs may allow third parties including advertisers to collect your personal information to provide content that is more relevant to you.
We use Google Analytics, an analysis service operated by Google LLC, (1600 Amphitheatre Parkway Mountain View, CA 94043, USA, "Google"). For this purpose, Google places a cookie on your device when you visit our web pages. This makes it possible to recognize your browser and to analyze your usage of our web pages on our behalf.
Google normally anonymizes your IP address within the EU or the EEA, before the data about your website usage are transmitted to the USA. Google has submitted to the EU-US Privacy Shield for the exceptional cases, in which personal data are transmitted to the USA, to ensure a reasonable level of data protection. More detailed information is available here:
https://www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework
. The IP address transmitted from your browser in connection with Google Analytics is not merged with other Google data.
Please note further that on our web pages, Google Analytics was extended by the "anonymized();" code in order to ensure an anonymized collection of IP addresses. As a result, IP address are processed in abbreviated fashion. This prevents data collected in connection with Google Analytics from being associated with you. Thus, to the extent that the data collected about you have a personal reference, this is immediately excluded and the personal data are thus promptly deleted. Additional information regarding the use of your data by Google is available here:
https://policies.google.com
.
You have the option to prevent the use of your data at any time by installing the plug-in offered by Google. This plug-in is available at:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
.
7. Social Media Platforms
From within the Service, users are able to share content on SNS such as Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and WhatsApp.
8. Donations via the Service
When you make donations to ShareTheMeal, we process these through third-party payment processors such as Braintree, PayPal and Stripe. We cooperate with local fundraising organisations such as Maecenata Foundation, Adalbertstrasse 108, 80798 Munich, Germany and World Food Program USA, 1725 I Street NW, Suite 510, Washington, DC 20006 (a 501(c)(3) public charity) that will forward donations to WFP.
9. User Access and Control of Personally Identifiable Information
If you would like to access, review, correct, update, suppress, transfer (right to data portability), delete or otherwise limit our use of your personal information we have collected, you may contact us using the mechanisms provided below. We will try to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable.
You may opt out of having your personal information used or disclosed for certain purposes.
If you no longer want to receive marketing-related emails from us on a going-forward basis, you may opt out of receiving such communications at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of each email.
ShareTheMeal may send you push notifications with notices that may be of interest to you. You may at any time opt-out from receiving these types of communications by changing the settings within the Service or on your mobile device.
10. Data Retention
We retain data for limited periods when it needs to be kept for legitimate business or legal purposes.
11. Children
The Service is not directed to children under the age of 16. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 16.
If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information or may be receiving communications from us without consent of a parent or guardian, we ask that this be brought to our immediate attention. We will make it our priority to address this situation and delete information relating to a child as soon as practicable. In such an event, please contact us at support@sharethemeal.org.
12. Security
To protect your personal data from unauthorized access and abuse we have implemented technical and organizational security measures. We check these security measures regularly and adapt them, as necessary, to the state of technological progress. Our infrastructure is served via HTTPS, so that your smartphone only communicates with our server over a secure channel. All payment data is processed by our payment processing partners. Your financial information is managed securely on our behalf by our payment processors which are globally trusted (Level 1 DSS PCI compliant) payments companies.
13. Location of Storage
Please note that WFP is an international organisation so that your personally identifiable information may be processed also outside of the European Economic Area or outside any other area you might be located in when using the Service.
14. Notification of Changes
This privacy policy may change from time to time. Changes will be posted within the Service so Users are always aware of what information is collected and how it is used. Please make sure you read any such notice carefully. If you do not wish to continue using the Service under the new version of the Privacy Policy, please contact us through support@sharethemeal.org.
15. Content Sharing Terms
By submitting user-generated content such as teams, text and audio-visual material to WFP, you:
represent and warrant that you are of legal age of consent in the jurisdiction of your domicile;
grant WFP a non-exclusive, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, sublicenseable and transferable license to use, display, distribute, reproduce, modify, remix, translate, transcode, excerpt, adapt, prepare derivative works of and compilations, publicly display such content in any format or medium for any purpose in connection with WFP activities;
represent and warrant that the content is original or that you hold the necessary rights to publish the content you submit and grant WFP the license under (ii); and
agree to indemnify and hold WFP, its officers, agents and employees harmless from any claim or loss made by any third party due to or arising out of content you submit.
16. Disclaimer – Links to other Sites
The Service contains hypertext links to other services. The World Food Programme assumes no responsibility for those services including the privacy practices or the content of such web sites.
17. Privileges and Immunities
Nothing in or relating to this privacy policy or this Service shall be deemed a waiver of any of the privileges and immunities of the WFP under the Convention on the Privileges and Immunities of the United Nations and the Convention on the Privileges and Immunities of the Specialized Agencies.
18. Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about this privacy policy, please contact us at:
ShareTheMeal
United Nations World Food Programme
Via Cesare Giulio Viola 68
00148 Rome
Italy
Tel: +39-06-65131
Fax: +39-06-6590632
E-mail: support@sharethemeal.org
Last modified: September 6, 2018
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework:
You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Please wait while application initialize...
;