Open Popup
Trending:
Previous
Holika Dahan Wishes
Sehri Time Today
SSC CGL Final Result 2024
Car Offers March 2025
Holi 2025 Recipes
World Kidney Day 2025
New York Lawmaker Protest
Elon Musk
SpaceX Launch
KL Rahul
Pak Train Hijack
Rohit Sharma
Next
Privacy Policy
+
Details of the complaint
All fields are mandatory
Please complete this section summarising the main points of your complaint and the violation of the guidelines, which are available on the IBF website at
http://www.ibfindia.com/guidelines
(
alternatively, you may attach your complaint to this form
).
Upload Attachment
Complaint Details
To finish, please read through the above form to ensure all your details are correct. You may post, e-mail or fax this Complaint Form to the broadcaster. The relevant contact details are available on the website.
Date (Complaint Form completed)
Submit
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy should be read in conjunction with the
Terms of Use
applicable to the BCCL services you are using.
Bennett, Coleman & Company Limited – through Television Division respects the privacy of its users and is committed to protect it in all respects. With a view to offer enriching internet experience to its users BCCL offers a vast repository of channels and a variety of services. You may read 'About Us' to know more about BCCL. Times Now is owned and operated by BCCL.
We want you to:
Be comfortable using our web site;
feel secure submitting information to us;
contact us with your concerns about privacy on this site;
know that by using our sites you are consenting to the use, collection and transfer of certain data and your information.
This privacy policy explains our policy regarding the collection, use, disclosure and transfer of your information by BCCL and/or its subsidiary(ies) and/or affiliate(s) (collectively referred to as the "BCCL") on this site. BCCL operates various websites including this site and other services including but not limited to delivery of information and content via any mobile or internet connected device or otherwise (collectively the "Services"). We follow this privacy policy in accordance with applicable law in the places where we operate. In some cases, we may provide additional data privacy notices specific to certain services or regions.
www.timesnownews.com
is the registered domain and official website of Times Now News, a BCCL Company.
All capitalized terms that have not been specifically defined herein shall have the same meaning as provided under the Terms of Use.
As we update, improve and expand the services, this policy may change accordingly from time to time, so please refer back to it periodically.
User Consent
By using BCCL's sites and Services, you signify your acceptance of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree or are not comfortable with any policy described in this Privacy statement, your only remedy is to discontinue use of BCCL sites. We reserve the right, to modify this Privacy Policy at any time..
Accessing Website and Service through VPN
You should not access or use the Website or Service by means of any mechanism or technology which conceals your actual geo-location or provides incorrect details of your location (for example, use a virtual private network (VPN) to access the Service).
We will not be responsible or liable for any collection, storage or processing of your personal information or data if you use any mechanism or technology to access or use Website or the Service which conceals your actual geo-location.
What data is collected
'Personal Information' or Personal Data' means any information that identifies (whether directly or indirectly) to a particular individual or natural person, such as the individual's name, postal address, email address, mobile number and any other identifier indicating to that particular person. When anonymous information is directly or indirectly associated with personal information, the resulting information also is treated as personal information.
The BCCL respects the privacy of the users of the Services they use and is committed to reasonably protect it in all respects. The information about the user as collected by the Company are:
a) Information supplied by users
b) Information automatically tracked while navigation
c) Inferred information through usage and log data
d) Information collected from any other sources (like third party providers or social media platforms)
Information supplied by users
We collect personal information when you provide it by writing to us through our complaint or grievance redressal process. We do not collect such personal information from you, otherwise. Information that we collect incudes –
Name
Gender
Mobile Number
Email Address
Home Address
IP Address
Please keep in mind that when you provide information to us on a third-party site or platform (for example, via our website or applications like social media login (for e.g. facebook, google etc.) the information we collect is through those third-party sites linked with our websites and applications and is covered under this privacy policy, and the information the third-party site or platform collects is subject to the respective third-party site or platform’s privacy practices. Privacy choices you have made on the third-party site or platform will not apply to our use of the information we have collected directly through our websites or applications. Please also bear in mind that our websites and applications may contain links to other sites not owned or controlled by us and we are not responsible for the privacy practices of those sites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our websites or applications to read the privacy policies of other sites they may collect your personal information.
Information received, collected and stored by the Company
Information automatically collected/tracked while navigation
We use Cookies or similar electronic tools to improve the responsiveness of the "Application" for our users, to collect information to assign each visitor a unique, random number as a User Identification (User ID) to understand the user's individual interests using the identified computer. Detailed Information on use of cookies is given below. Unless you voluntarily identify yourself (through registration, for example), we will have no way of knowing who you are, even if we assign a cookie to your computer. The only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply. A cookie cannot read data off your hard drive. Our advertisers may also assign their own cookies to your browser (if you click on their ads), a process that we do not control. We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us via the Site.
You will find more information by referring our Cookie Policy.
Clear GIFs
We may use "clear GIFs" (Web Beacons) to track the online usage patterns of our users in an anonymous manner, without personally identifying the user. We may also use clear GIFs in HTML-based emails sent to our users to track which emails are opened by recipients. We use this information to inter-alia deliver our web pages to you upon request, to tailor our Site, Application or Service to the interests of our users, to measure traffic within our Application to improve the Application quality, functionality and interactivity and let advertisers know the geographic locations from where our visitors come.
Information we collect from third parties
Information from Other Sources
We may receive information about you from other sources, add it to our account information and treat it in accordance with this policy. If you provide information to the platform provider or other partner, whom we provide services, your account information and order information may be passed on to us. We may obtain updated contact information from third parties in order to correct our records and fulfil the Services or to communicate with you.
Demographic Information
We may reference other sources of demographic and other information in order to provide you with more targeted communications and promotions. We use Google Analytics, among others, to track the user behaviour on our website. Google Analytics specifically has been enable to support display advertising towards helping us gain understanding of our users' Demographics and Interests. The reports are anonymous and cannot be associated with any individual personally identifiable information that you may have shared with us. You can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize Google Display Network ads using the Ads Settings options provided by Google.
The website may include links to other websites and / or applications. Such sites are governed by their respective privacy policies, which are beyond our control. Once you leave our servers (you can tell where you are by checking the URL in the location bar on your browser), use of any information you provide is governed by the privacy policy of the operator of the site you are visiting. That policy may differ from ours. If you can't find the privacy policy of any of these sites via a link from the site's homepage, you should contact the site directly for more information.
Information for Ad-Servers
When we present information to our advertisers -- to help them understand our audience and confirm the value of advertising on our websites or Applications -- it is usually in the form of aggregated statistics on traffic to various pages / content within our websites or Applications. We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our websites or Applications. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number or other personally identifiable information) about your visits to this and other websites or application, in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
We do not provide any personally identifiable information to third party websites / advertisers / ad-servers without your consent. Third Party advertisers may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number or other personally identifiable information) about your visits to our and other websites or application, in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. Any personally identifiable information provided by you will not be considered as sensitive if it is freely available and / or accessible in the public domain like any comments, messages, blogs, scribbles available on social platforms like Facebook, twitter etc.
How collected data is used
We will only collect and process personal data about you in a legal and lawful manner. Lawful basis on which we would collect and process your personal information includes obtaining explicit consent from you or processing for "legitimate interests" where processing is necessary by us to provide you with services (For e.g. processing your information by our group companies/affiliates).
We use information to provide, analyse, administer, enhance and personalize our service and marketing efforts, to process your registration, to provide you services, and to communicate with you related to below mentioned points. For example, we use information to:
Communicate with you concerning our service (for example by email, push notifications), so that we can send you news about BCCL, details about new features and content available on the BCCL Services, promotional announcements, and surveys, and to assist you with operational requests such as password reset requests.
Notify you about changes in terms of service or privacy policy
Allow you to participate in interactive features offered through our Services, if any.
Sharing with our customer support team to resolve your queries/concerns related to your rights or services provided to you
Information use by the company
The Information as supplied by the users enables us to improve the services and provide you the most user-friendly experience. All required information is service dependent and the BCCL may use the above said user Information to, maintain, protect, and improve the services and (including advertising) for developing new services. We may, use your email address without further consent for non-marketing or administrative purposes (such as notifying you of major changes, for customer service purposes, billing, etc.), dealing with requests, enquiries and complaints and customer related activities.
In case you choose to decline to submit personally identifiable information on the Site, we may not be able to provide the services to you. In any case, we will not be liable and or responsible for the denial of certain services to you for lack of you providing the necessary personal information.
When you register with the Site, we contact you from time to time about updation of your personal information to provide the users such features that we believe may benefit / interest you.
How collected data is shared
BCCL shall share your information with any third party without obtaining the prior consent:
When it is requested or required by law or by any court or governmental agency or authority to disclose, for the purpose of verification of identity, or for the prevention, detection, investigation including cyber incidents, or for prosecution and punishment of offences. These disclosures are made in good faith and belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary for enforcing these Terms or for complying with the applicable laws and regulations.
BCCL proposes to share such information within its group companies and officers and employees of such group companies for the purpose of processing personal information on its behalf for provisioning of the services for which such Information was provided. We also ensure that these recipients of such information agree to process such information based on our instructions and in compliance with this Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
BCCL may present information to our advertisers – to help them understand our audience and confirm the value of advertising on our Site– however it is usually in the form of aggregated statistics on traffic to various pages within our site.
User control over collected data
When you use the Site (or any of its sub sites), we make good faith efforts to provide you upon verification, as and when requested by you, with access to your personal information and shall further ensure that any personal information or information found to be inaccurate or deficient shall be corrected or amended as feasible, subject to any requirement for such personal information or information to be retained by law or for legitimate business purposes.
We encourage you to review, update, and correct the personal information that we maintain about you, and you may request that we delete personal information about you that is inaccurate, incomplete, or irrelevant for legitimate purposes, or are being processed in a way which infringes any applicable legal requirement. If you would like to review, change or delete personal information we have collected from you please contact our Grievance Officer.
We ask individual users to identify themselves and the information requested to be accessed, corrected or removed before processing such requests. In any case, where we provide information access and correction, we perform this service free of charge, except if doing so would require a disproportionate effort.
Your right to review, update, correct, and delete your personal information may be limited, subject to the law of your jurisdiction:
If your requests are unreasonably excessive or repetitive,
Where the rights or safety of another person or persons would be jeopardized, or
If the information or material you request relates to existing or anticipated legal proceedings between you and us, or providing access to you would prejudice negotiations between us or an investigation of possible unlawful activity. Your right to review, update, correct, and delete your information is subject to our records retention policies and applicable law, including any statutory retention requirements.
Children’s Privacy(comment needs to be 16 years as per GDPR and 13 as per California consumer protection act)
Website is not intentionally designed for or directed at persons who are considered as major (as per applicable laws in the respective territories) . BCCL does not knowingly permit any person who is non-adult or minor (as per applicable laws in the respective territories) to register with the services or to provide any other personally identifying information. If BCCL becomes aware that any personally identifiable information of person who has not attained the necessary legal age (as per applicable laws in the respective territories) has been collected on BCCL Services without verified parental consent, then BCCL will take the appropriate steps to delete any such information and notify the parent of such person.
However, we consider it as sole responsibility of parents to monitor their children’s use of our services. Nevertheless, it is our policy not to collect and process any personal information from children below necessary legal age or offer to send any promotional materials to persons in that category. BCCL does not seek or intend to seek or receive any personal information from children. Should a parent or guardian have reasons to believe that a minor has provided BCCL with personal information without their prior consent, please contact our customer support team to ensure that the personal information is removed from the BCCL services
Data transfer, storage & processing globally
We operate globally and may transfer your personal information to individual companies of the BCCL affiliated companies or third parties in locations around the world for the purposes described in this privacy policy. Wherever your personal information is transferred, stored or processed by us, we will take reasonable steps to safeguard the privacy of your personal information. Additionally, when using or disclosing personal information transferred from the European Union, we use standard contractual clauses approved by the European Commission, adopt other means under European Union law for ensuring adequate safeguards
Security and compliance with laws: How we protect your personal data
We take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of data. These include internal reviews of our data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures, including appropriate encryption and physical security measures to guard against unauthorized access to systems where we store personal data. All information gathered on the Site is securely stored within the BCCL controlled database. The database is stored on servers secured behind a firewall; access to the servers is password-protected and is strictly limited. However, as effective as our security measures are, no security system is impenetrable. We cannot guarantee the security of our database, nor can we guarantee that information you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the Internet. And, of course, any information you include in a posting to the discussion areas is available to anyone with Internet access.
Changes to privacy notice
Internet is an ever evolving medium. We may change our privacy policy from time to time to incorporate necessary future changes. Of course, our use of any information we gather will always be consistent with the policy under which the information was collected, regardless of what the new policy may be. In any case, we reserve the right to change (at any point of time) the terms of this Privacy Policy or the Terms of Use. Any changes we make will be effective immediately on notice, which we may give by posting the new policy on the “Site”. Your use of the Site or services offered through the Site after such notice will be deemed acceptance of such changes. We may also make reasonable efforts to inform you via electronic mail. In any case, you are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically on the “Site”) to ensure that you are aware of the latest version.
Retention period
BCCL will not retain the Information longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes for which it was collected or as required by applicable laws or keep you updated with BCCL’s promotions where you have asked us to do so and provide you with the best user experience.
Resolving privacy issues
If you have any queries, complaints regarding the collecting, processing, transfer of personal data/information or regarding this policy please contact our grievance officer. Any complaints, abuse or concerns with regards to the processing of information provided by you or breach of these terms shall be immediately informed to the designated Data Protection Officer as mentioned below via in writing or through email signed with the electronic signature to Data Protection Officer.
Users can also request to download and delete their data here - https://www.timesnownews.com/gdprpage
Grievance Officer / Data Protection Officer
BENNETT, COLEMAN & COMPANY LIMITED (Television Division)
Email:
gdpr.grievance@timesgroup.com
We request you to please provide the following information in your complaint:-
Identification of the information provided by you;
Clear statement as to whether the information is personal information or sensitive personal information;
Your address, telephone number or e-mail address;
A statement that you have a good-faith belief that the information has been processed incorrectly or disclosed without authorization, as the case may be;
A statement, under penalty of perjury, that the information in the notice is accurate, and that the information being complained about belongs to you;
You may also contact us in case you have any questions / suggestions about the Privacy Policy using the contact information mentioned above.
BCCL shall not be responsible for any communication, if addressed, to any non-designated person in this regard.
Cookie Policy & Information
Consent to use Cookies
When you visit this Website for the first time, a banner may inform you of the use of cookies and provides a direct link to this information page. If you confirm your acceptance of cookies, or if you continue to browse the Website, your consent is considered as obtained. The cookie acceptance banner will no longer display on your screen.
What are Cookies
Cookies and other similar online tracking technologies are small bits of data or code that are used to identify your devices when you use and interact with our websites and other services. They are often used for remembering your preferences, to identify popular news stories, to remember you’re logged in and allowing you to comment on stories.
Use of Cookies
We use Cookies and similar technologies to enable you to use and connect to our website. Our web servers automatically collect limited information about your computer's connection to the Internet, including your IP address, when you visit our site. (Your IP address is a number that lets computers attached to the Internet know where to send you data - such as the web pages you view.) Your IP address does not identify you personally. We use this information to deliver our web pages to you upon request, to tailor our site to the interests of our users, to measure traffic within our site and let advertisers know the geographic locations from where our visitors come.
There are third parties and partners that may use cookies to provide you an enhances user experience, when you visit our websites. Our partners may set cookies and similar technologies on your browser in order to help us make the sites work, analyse site usage, deliver adverts and personalise your experience. Where these partners are acting on our behalf, they are called data processors and must only act on our instructions. We will have a contract with them and they must protect your information properly.
Where other partners are placing cookies and similar technologies for their own purposes, they are called data controllers and will use your information for their own purposes.
Type of Cookies
The following type of cookies are set while you use and access our website. Essential cookies and similar technologies (First Party Cookies)
These are vital for the running of our services on our websites and apps. Without the use of these cookies, parts of our websites would not function. These cookies are essential, as they enable you to move around a website. This category cannot be disabled. These Cookies are set by the Website and only we can read these Cookies.
Third Party Cookies
These cookies are set by someone other than the owner of the website you’re visiting. Some of our web pages may also contain content from other sites like YouTube, twitter, which may set their own cookies. Also, if you share a link on our page/site, the service you share it on (for example, Facebook) may set a cookie on your browser. We have no control over third-party cookies. you can turn them off, but not through us.
Advertising Cookies
Some third party advertising networks may use tools which may enable them to show you specially targeted adverts when you visit. These networks may also be able to track your browsing across different sites.
Cookies Placed on the Website include but not limited to
Cookie
Description
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics to understand how our media campaigns work and how you interact with our website in order to improve the user experience.
Google tracking cookies
Google tracking cookies enable us to understand if you complete certain actions on our website(s) after you have seen or clicked through one of our adverts served via Google. Based on the content you have engaged with on our websites Google are able to deliver some targeted adverts across other Google partner websites.
Facebook
Facebook helps you stay in touch with your network through their website/ mobile application. We make it easier for you to share any content of interest on Facebook and sometimes, we may present with some targeted adverts on Facebook based on your engagement with our website(s).
https://jssocdn.indiatimes.com/policy/privacypolicy.html
https://jssocdn.indiatimes.com/policy/euprivacypolicy.html
https://jssocdn.indiatimes.com/policy/termsandcondition.html
news
privacy policy
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://apc01.safelinks.protection.outlook.com/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fjssocdn.indiatimes.com%2Fpolicy%2Feuprivacypolicy.html&data=05%7C01%7Cmayank.pandey%40timesgroup.com%7Cadda8757b31b46b57c9108db3cb67917%7C31171dd7fc014090a8517f1bbcd7e048%7C1%7C0%7C638170526682423852%7CUnknown%7CTWFpbGZsb3d8eyJWIjoiMC4wLjAwMDAiLCJQIjoiV2luMzIiLCJBTiI6Ik1haWwiLCJXVCI6Mn0%3D%7C3000%7C%7C%7C&sdata=uaXLPtXCxyHjVrZ6wy27jRyECdmNrrjza%2FptOwT6O3o%3D&reserved=0:
Privacy Policy for Single Sign-On
This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) describes the information which Times Internet Limited (“we” or “us” or “TIL”) collects from data subject (“you” or “user”) when you use, access, or share your personal information when using Times Internet Limited services (“SSO Login” or “MyTimes”) and/or its subsidiary(ies) and/or affiliate(s) ) (collectively referred to as the "Company"), which operates various websites, including sub-sites, platforms, applications, m-web platforms and other platforms (collectively referred to as “Sites”) for delivery of information, products, offerings and content via any mobile or internet connected device or otherwise (collectively the "services").
This Policy shall not apply if you access or use TIL Services outside of the European Union (“EU”) and California region.
This Privacy Policy should be read in conjunction with the Terms of Use applicable to the TIL services you are using.
Please keep in mind that when you provide information to us on a third-party site or platform (for example, via our applications like social media login) the information we collect through those third-party sites linked with us is covered by this privacy policy, and the information the third-party site or platform collects is subject to the third-party site or platform’s privacy practices. Privacy choices you have made on the third-party site or platform will not apply to our use of the information we have collected directly through our applications. Please also keep in observance that our sites and applications may contain links to other sites not owned or controlled by us and we are not responsible for the privacy practices of those sites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our sites or applications and to read the privacy policies of other sites that may collect your personal information.
All capitalized terms that have not been specifically defined herein shall have the same meaning as provided under the Terms of Use.
User Consent
By using the Site, you agree to our terms of collection, storage and use of your personal information which you provide to us in accordance with this policy. In some cases, particularly if you reside in a country governed by a data protection regulation, we may ask you to provide explicit consent to access our services before proceeding for further operations. In case of any roaming user profile or if you are a traveller visiting various countries around the world and avail TIL services, then we will consider the country of registration as your primary country and the consents obtained at the time of registration will be valid for your processing of personal information.
Accessing Website and TIL Services through VPN
You should not access or use the TIL services by means of any mechanism or technology which conceals your actual geo-location or provides incorrect details of your location (for example, use a virtual private network (VPN) to access TIL Services). We will not be responsible or liable for any collection, storage or processing of your personal information or data if you use any mechanism or technology to access or use Website or TIL Services which conceals your actual geo-location.
Collection and Use of Personal Information
‘Personal Information’ or ‘PII’ is defined as any information that identifies (whether directly or indirectly) to a particular individual or natural person, such as the individual’s name, postal address, email address, mobile number and any other identifier indicating to that particular person. When anonymous information is directly or indirectly associated with personal information, the resulting information also is treated as personal information.
A. Information you provide to us
Information collected at the time of Registration
When you register on TIL websites using the SSO Login functionality, we ask that you provide basic personal information from to continue to interact with you and to continue providing you the Services. Information that we collect incudes, but are not limited to –
Name,
Date of Birth,
Gender,
Mobile number,
Email Address
Information collected when you use Social Media Login
When you login through Social Media, we may collect, including but not limited to, the below information from the social media-
User image
Social Profile
Information you provide to us voluntarily
If you send us personal correspondence, such as emails or letters, or if other users or third parties send us correspondence about your activities or postings on the Site, we may collect and store such information.
In case you wish to comment on any article or topic on the Sites and are unregistered/ unlogged user, we will ask for your name and email address which will be stored by TIL to display them against your comments. Additionally, you may login/ register via TIL SSO and post the comment. Please note that your name and email address along with your comment will be stored by TIL for legal and regulatory purposes. Further, TIL reserves the right to delete or disapprove any comment related or unrelated to the respective article or post if We find it defamatory, abusive or illegal.
B. Information we share with our Group Companies/Affiliates
MyTimes
When you interact with any of the TIL websites (such as follow articles, follow other users, follow activities etc) MyTimes will collect your follow activities and create a MyTimes profile against those activities for you to refer to them at a later stage and review articles and your activities. MyTimes doesn’t collect any additional personal information but only tracks your behavior on various TIL Websites and the activities that you choose to follow or the users you wish to follow. Any comments, views, shares that are performed by you on the TIL Websites will be publicly available information
Colombia Online
Colombia online is an advertising and analytics platform of TIL which is used for performing analytics or serving advertisements on TIL websites. By using TIL services, a copy of your personal information is shared with Colombia online for them to create and manage individual user profiles to enhance your experience on the TIL Websites and provide a customized experience
Lawfulness of Processing as per GDPR
Business or commercial purposes for collecting, processing and disclosing your personal information
We use information to provide, analyze, administer, enhance and personalize our service and marketing efforts, to process your registration, to provide you services, and to communicate with you related to the below mentioned points. For example, we use the information to:
Analyze and understand our audience, improve our service (including our user interface experiences), recommendation algorithms and delivery which may require sharing personal information with our group companies and affiliates or third party service providers (Times point, My Times)
To help advertisers understand our audience and confirm the value of advertising on our websites or Applications (however it is usually in the form of aggregated statistics on traffic to various pages within our site) and to provide you relevant ads (Colombia Online)
Notify you about changes in terms of service or privacy policy
Sharing with our customer support team to resolve your queries/concerns related to your rights or services provided to you.
Information use by the company
The Information as supplied by the users enables us to improve the Services and provide you the most user-friendly experience. In some cases/provision of certain service(s) or utility (ies), we may require your contact address as well. All required information is service dependent and the Company may use the above said user Information to, maintain, protect, and improve the Services (including advertising on the "Application") and for developing new services. We may also use your email address or other personally identifiable information to send commercial or marketing messages with your consent [with an option to subscribe / unsubscribe (where feasible)]. We may, however, use your email address without further consent for non-marketing or administrative purposes (such as notifying you of major changes, for customer service purposes, billing, for notifying you in case of breach incidents, etc.)
Any personally identifiable information provided by you will not be considered as sensitive if it is freely available and / or accessible in the public domain like any comments, messages, blogs, scribbles available on social platforms like Facebook, twitter etc. Any posted/uploaded/conveyed/communicated by users on the public sections of the "Application" becomes published content and is not considered personally identifiable information subject to this Privacy Policy.
In case you choose to decline to submit personally identifiable information on the Application, we may not be able to provide certain services on the Application to you. We will make reasonable efforts to notify you of the same at the time of opening your account. In any case, we will not be liable and or responsible for the denial of certain services to you for lack of you providing the necessary personal information
Information sharing
The Company shares your information with any third parties without obtaining the prior consent of User in the following limited circumstances: When it is requested or required by law or by any court or governmental agency or authority to disclose, for the purpose of verification of identity, or for the prevention, detection, investigation including cyber incidents, or for prosecution and punishment of offences. These disclosures are made in good faith and belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary for enforcing these Terms or for complying with the applicable laws and regulations. The Company proposes to share such information within its group companies and officers and employees of such group companies for the purpose of processing personal information on its behalf. We also ensure that these recipients of such information agree to process such information based on our instructions and in compliance with this Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
When it is requested or required by law or by any court or governmental agency or authority to disclose, for the purpose of verification of identity, or for the prevention, detection, investigation including cyber incidents, or for prosecution and punishment of offences. These disclosures are made in good faith and belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary for enforcing these Terms or for complying with the applicable laws and regulations.
The Company proposes to share such information within its group companies and officers and employees of such group companies for the purpose of processing personal information on its behalf. We also ensure that these recipients of such information agree to process such information based on our instructions and in compliance with this Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
How long do we store and use your information
We retain the information which we have collected no longer than is necessary. This is determined on a case by case basis. Normally we will retain the information as long as you maintain an account with us and till the time you continue to access and use SSO Services. We will delete your information whenever you request us to do so. However, we may archive and/or retain some information for legal purposes.
Your Controls and Choices
For any of the below request you may send us an e-mail to our support team
A. Accessing & rectifying your personal information
When you use the Services (website/application or any of its sub sites), we make good faith efforts to provide you, as and when requested by you, with access to your personal information and shall further ensure that any personal information or sensitive personal data or information found to be inaccurate or deficient shall be corrected or amended as feasible. We ask individual users to identify themselves and the information requested to be accessed or corrected before processing such requests. We may decline to process requests that are unreasonably repetitive or systematic, requiring disproportionate technical effort, jeopardizing the privacy of others, or would be extremely impractical (for instance, requests concerning information residing on backup tapes), or for which access is not otherwise required. In any case, where we provide information access and correction, we perform this service free of charge, except if doing so would require a disproportionate effort.
You can make access requests by sending an e-mail to our Grievance officer. You will get a link on your registered Email address through which you can access all the data SSO collects and stores about you.
You can ask us to correct inaccurate or incomplete personal information
Concerning your login credentials by editing the same through My Accounts section, through the SSO portal. The same shall be reflected across all properties
B. Data Portability
You may also be entitled to request copies of personal information that you have provided to us in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format; wherever feasible. If you are registered on the SSO Services, then you can download the information which we have collected and stored by using the Download functionality through the https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/gdprpage.cms . Through this, a copy of your information that we have collected and stored will be downloaded on your machine.
C. Data Retention and Erasure
We retain your personal information as long as necessary for us to provide services to you or you ask us to not retain your data. If you no longer want us to use your information then you can request that we erase your personal information and close your TIL account. Please note that if you request for the erasure of your personal information;
We may retain some of your personal information as necessary for our legitimate business interests, such as fraud detection and prevention and enhancing safety. For example, if we suspend a TIL account for fraud or safety reasons, we may retain certain information from that account to prevent that user from opening a new account in the future.
We may retain and use your personal information to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations. For example, we may keep some of your information for tax, legal reporting and auditing obligations.
Information you have shared with others (e.g., Comments, Reviews, etc.) may continue to be publicly visible on the TIL, even after your account is cancelled. However, attribution of such information to you will be removed. Additionally, some copies of your information (e.g., log records) may remain in our database, but are disassociated from personal identifiers.
Because of the way we maintain certain services, after you delete your information, residual copies may take a period of time before they are deleted from our active servers and may remain in our backup systems.
You can request for deletion of your information by using the delete functionality through https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/gdprpage.cms. Your request will be processed and you will receive confirmation of the same via email. Please note that this will perform deletion of all the information stored by the SSO. This means you no longer exist as a user in any of the TIL properties. This also means that your My Times and Times Points accounts will also be deleted.
Please note that if you have multiple accounts with us, then you will have to raise separate requests for each of the accounts, along with the associated email IDs or phone numbers.
D. Withdrawing Consent and Restriction of Processing
For withdrawing your consent at any time during the tenure of your services with us, you may choose to do so by sending us an e-mail to our support team. We shall review your request and may ask you to verify your identity. Post verification we will withdraw the consent for which request was made by you and stop any further processing of your personal information.
E. Objection to Processing
Where your personal information is processed for direct marketing purposes or any contests or promotions or other services, you may, at any time ask us to cease processing your data for these direct marketing purposes by sending an e-mail to our support team.
Please be aware that if you do not allow us to collect personal information from you, we may not be able to deliver certain experiences, and services to you, and some of our services may not be able to take account of your interests and preferences. If collection of personal information is mandatory, we will make that clear at the point of collection so that you can make an informed decision whether to participate. If you have questions about the specific personal information about you that we process or retain, and your rights regarding that personal information, please contact us at the below mentioned e-mail address.
We may take 30 days from the date of receipt of request to complete your requests. However, if the nature of the requests are excessive in nature or would require significant effort then may ask for an extension of 60 days by giving a prior notice to you with the reason for the extension.
We ask individual users to identify themselves and the information requested to be accessed, corrected or removed before processing such requests, and we may decline to process requests that are unreasonably repetitive or systematic, require disproportionate technical effort, jeopardize the privacy of others, or would be extremely impractical (for instance, requests concerning information residing on backup tapes), or for which access is not otherwise required. In any case, where we provide information access and correction, we perform this service free of charge, except if doing so would require a disproportionate effort.
In case you want to invoke any of the above mentioned rights also for other information stored separately by the Sites, you can do so by referring to their Privacy policy.
F. Complaints
You can write to us in case of any grievance or compliant at the support e-mail address. If you have any complaints regarding processing of your personal information you may contact our data protection officer or our grievance officer at the below mentioned e-mail address. You have the right to complaint about the data processing activities carried out by TIL before the competent data protection authorities.
Children’s Privacy
TIL is not intentionally designed for or directed at persons less than 18 years of age. TIL does not knowingly permit any person who is under 18 years of age to register with the services or to provide any other personally identifying information. If TIL becomes aware that any personally identifiable information of persons less than 18 years of age has been collected on TIL Services without verified parental consent, then TIL will take the appropriate steps to delete any such information and notify the parent.
However, we consider it the responsibility of parents to monitor their children’s use of our services. Nevertheless, it is our policy not to collect and process any personal information from children below 18 years of age or offer to send any promotional materials to persons in that category. TIL does not seek or intend to seek or receive any personal information from children. Should a parent or guardian have reasons to believe that a minor has provided TIL with personal information without their prior consent, please contact our customer support team to ensure that the personal information is removed from the TIL services.
Data transfer, storage and processing globally
We operate globally and may transfer your personal information to individual companies of the TIL affiliated companies or third parties in locations around the world for the purposes described in this privacy policy. Wherever your personal information is transferred, stored or processed by us, we will take reasonable steps to safeguard the privacy of your personal information. Additionally, when using or disclosing personal information transferred from the European Union, we use standard contractual clauses approved by the European Commission, adopt other means under European Union law for ensuring adequate safeguards.
Security measures
We take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of data. These include internal reviews of our data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures, including appropriate encryption and physical security measures to guard against unauthorized access to systems where we store personal data. All information gathered on the Site is securely stored within the TIL controlled database. The database is stored on servers secured behind a firewall; access to the servers is password-protected and is strictly limited. However, as effective as our security measures are, no security system is impenetrable. If you know or have reason to believe that your TIL account credentials have been lost, stolen, altered, or otherwise compromised or in case of any actual or suspected unauthorized use of your account, please contact us by contacting our customer support team.
Updates & Changes
We may alter our privacy policy from time to time to incorporate necessary changes in technology, applicable law or any other variant. We reserve the right to amend the terms of this Policy from time to time. Any changes we make will be effective immediately on notice, which we may give by posting the new policy on the Site. We may also make reasonable efforts to inform you via electronic mail. In any case, you are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically on the Site.
Contact us
Support
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at
sanwli.sirohi@timesinternet.in
Data Controller Officer
The data protection officer (DPO) appointed by Times Internet Limited is
Sumit Malhotra
who can be contacted at
dpo@timesinternet.in
You can also write to:
Times Internet Limited
Express Building,
9-10, Bahadurshah Zafar Marg, New Delhi - 110002
If you have any queries, complaints regarding the collecting, processing, transfer of personal data/information or regarding this policy please do contact our Data Protection Officer.
EU Representative
Bhavana Raina
EU Representative
Times Internet
4th Floor, 1 Kingdom Street,
Paddington Central
London W2 6BD
euprepresentative@timesinternet.in
Last Updated – 15 January 2021
ADDITIONAL NOTICE TO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
(EFFECTIVE ON JANUARY 1, 2020)
This supplemental Privacy Notice is an addendum to the information provided in Our Privacy Policy above and applies solely to California residents.
Please note that this section does not apply to any Third-Party Website or application that you may access via the Sites. These third-party services are governed by the privacy policies that appear on their Sites.
As used in this section of the Privacy Policy, “personal information” means any information that can identify, relate to, describe, be associated with, or be reasonably capable of being associated with a particular consumer or household
Do Not Sell My Info
Under CCPA, users based out of California have the right to “Opt Out” of such sale of their information at any time. Please be advised that the Company may share or disclose certain of your information like name, email id, phone number etc., to the associated third parties to provide you with Services on various Sites.
Please refer to the privacy policies of the respective Sites used by you to know more about the data sold and how to Opt out-
TOI Privacy Policy https://www.indiatimes.com/privacypolicy
ET Privacy Policy https://economictimes.indiatimes.com/privacypolicy.cms
California Residents’ Rights
Residents of California are entitled to certain rights under CCPA.
•Right to Know - You can request and receive a copy of the specific pieces of the personal information that We have collected from you in the last 12 months of making the request.
You will receive the copy of your requested information electronically in a portable and technically feasible format, free of charge. This request can be made by the user twice in a period of 12 months.
•Right to Delete - You can request deletion of your personal information that We have collected except where an exemption applies
We take reasonable steps to verify your identity before responding to any of the above requests, which may include, at a minimum, depending on the sensitivity of the information you are requesting and the type of request you are making, verifying your name, email address or mobile number.
You are also permitted to designate an authorized agent to submit certain requests on your behalf. In order for an authorized agent to be verified, you must provide the authorized agent with signed, written permission to make such requests or a power of attorney. We may also follow up with you to verify your identity before processing the authorized agent’s request.
If you would like to exercise any of the rights, please send Us an email at grievance@timesinternet.in or share your feedback on https://timesinternet.in/contact
Non-discrimination for exercising your rights
CCPA prohibits discrimination against California residents for exercising their rights under CCPA. TIL
holds the practice of non-discrimination strongly and does not denies or provides a different level or
quality of services or charges different rates or penalties on residents who exercise their CCPA rights.
Metrics
California law requires us to compile metrics for the previous calendar year regarding consumer
requests and responses catered. TIL will disclose the metrics with relevant details by July every year.