Skip to main content
Free Car Check
Car History Check
MOT Check
Car Insurance
Car Tax Calculator
Diesel Claim
Sample Report
Customer Support
FAQs
Sign In
Register
Buy a Report for
Terms and Conditions
You must read and agree to all terms and conditions in this document before completing an Enquiry.
Vehicle data checks are powered by Total Car Check Ltd. Outstanding Finance Check is powered by Experian.
By purchasing a check you are agreeing to the Terms and Conditions.
Sections
Website Terms and Conditions
Vehicle History Check Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy and Cookies Policy
Section 1
Website Terms and Conditions
Please read these Terms of Service ("Terms", "Terms of Service") carefully before using the https://cartaxcheck.co.uk/ website (the "Service") operated by Click Digital Development Limited (trading as Car Tax Check) ("us", "we", or "our").
Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who access or use the Service.
By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms then you may not access the Service.
By using this service, you agree not to reproduce or extract any vehicle data from our website or mobile applications without consent from us in writing. You agree not to use any 'screen scraping' software or any other automated system to extract or reproduce vehicle data displayed on our website or mobile applications.
Purchases
You are encouraged to familiarise yourself with your rights contained within the Sale of Goods Act 1979, Unfair Contract Terms Act 1977 and the Unfair Terms in Consumer Contracts Regulations 1999.
If you wish to purchase any product or service made available through the Service ("Purchase"), you may be asked to supply certain information relevant to your Purchase including, without limitation, your credit card number, the expiration date of your credit card, your billing address, and your shipping information.
You represent and warrant that: (i) you have the legal right to use any credit card(s) or other payment method(s) in connection with any Purchase; and that (ii) the information you supply to us is true, correct and complete. You expressly agree that Click Digital Development Limited is not responsible for any loss or damage arising from the submission of false or inaccurate information.
By submitting such information, you grant us the right to provide the information to third parties for purposes of facilitating the completion of Purchases.
Links To Other Web Sites
Our Service may contain links to third-party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by Click Digital Development Limited.
Click Digital Development Limited has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services. You further acknowledge and agree that Click Digital Development Limited shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such web sites or services.
We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third-party web sites or services that you visit.
Termination
We may terminate or suspend your access immediately, without prior notice or liability, for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation if you breach the Terms.
Upon termination, your right to use the Service will immediately cease.
All provisions of the Terms which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.
Governing Law
These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding our Service, and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have between us regarding the Service.
Changes
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material we will try to provide at least 30 days notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.
By continuing to access or use our Service after those revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, you must stop using the service.
Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy
Please refer to our Privacy Policy and Cookies Policy. You agree that they constitute part of these terms. You must read our Privacy Policy and Cookies Policy before you use the Service.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us on info@cartaxcheck.co.uk
Section 2
Vehicle History Check Terms and Conditions
By purchasing a vehicle history check you are agreeing to the following terms and conditions:
1 - Total Car Check Guarantee Terms and Conditions -
https://totalcarcheck.co.uk/TotalCarCheckGuarantee
2 - Experian Finance Check Terms and Conditions (includes Data Guarantee) -
https://totalcarcheck.co.uk/ExperianGuarantee
Section 3
Privacy Policy and Cookies Policy
Click Digital Development Limited ("us", "we", or "our") operates the https://cartaxcheck.co.uk/ website (the "Service").
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information when you use our Service.
We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
We use your Personal Information for providing and improving the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible at https://cartaxcheck.co.uk/terms-and-conditions/
Information Collection And Use
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you.
Log Data
We may also collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Service ("Log Data"). This Log Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer's hard drive.
We use "cookies" to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service, to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Information only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. As such we make no warranties as to the level of security afforded to your data, except that we will always act in accordance with the relevant UK and EU legislation.
Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children's Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13 ("Children").
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Information, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Information from a children under age 13 without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you either through the email address you have provided us, or by placing a prominent notice on our website.
Jurisdiction
This Policy shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.