Privacy Policy
The mission of MOBROG is to connect companies and organizations with individuals around the world who are willing to participate in market research surveys. In doing so, MOBROG helps companies collect valuable data and insights that inform their decision-making processes and improve their products and services. At the same time, MOBROG provides individuals with the opportunity to earn some extra money by sharing their opinions and feedback on various topics and products. Ultimately, MOBROG aims to create a mutually beneficial ecosystem where companies and individuals can collaborate to drive innovation and improve the quality of products and services worldwide.
Regardless of our third-party partners, we store several key technology parameters during your visit to our website: (1) web request, (2) Internet Protocol ("IP") address, (3) browser type, (4) referring / ending page URLs, (5) number of clicks, (6) domain names used, (7) target pages, (8) and pages viewed. For more information about the logged data, see below under "Our internal data processing". If you register with us via our registration form, you are also required to provide certain information to create an account. This information is explicitly requested in the context of our registration form.
Our online services are used quite frequently, with a high number of visitors accessing our website every minute. In order to provide you with a reliable service that can easily handle high demand, we have partnered with three primary data service providers: Tilo Tech GmbH, DomainFactory GmbH, and Ingress GmbH. As a result, all data processed by us is also shared with these companies. It is worth noting that MOBROG has a non-disclosure agreement (NDA) with the mentioned partner companies. An NDA is a legal contract between two or more parties that outlines confidential material, knowledge, or information that the parties wish to share with each other for specific purposes but want to keep confidential and protect from unauthorized disclosure. Our NDAs stipulate that all user information shared in the context of the respective partnerships serves the sole purpose of maintaining a reliable service and that user information will never be shared with third parties.
1. Tilores by Tilo Tech GmbH
Tilo Tech GmbH is based in Germany, Berlin. The mission of Tilo as a company is to help businesses like MOBROG identify, link, and resolve data inconsistencies on a large scale with powerful entity resolution software as a service. Entity resolution is a data management process that identifies and links various records or database entries that refer to the same real entity, even if they contain inconsistent or slightly different information. By performing entity resolution, companies can improve data quality, eliminate duplicates, and ultimately achieve more reliable and coherent data sets. When you sign up for an account with MOBROG, the information you provide on the registration form is shared with Tilo to identify any possible previous interactions you may have had with our services and prevent fraud. This data remains between MOBROG and Tilo and is never shared with third parties or individuals. In the context of the partnership with MOBROG, Tilo receives the details that each new user provides and links them to any potential previous registration they may have already made. If linked accounts are found, we proceed to deactivate the associated accounts, effectively marking them as fraudulent. The legal basis for processing your data is Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f GDPR. We have a legitimate interest in detecting and warding off fraud attempts or attacks on our websites. It is worth noting that data processing takes place exclusively on the server provided by Tilo and the data is not shared with any entity outside the mutual partnership between MOBROG and Tilo. You can
here
read more about the data processing of Tilores. Details about the privacy policy and the corresponding technical and organizational measures can be found
here
.
We permanently store the data of this process to help us detect future fraudulent registrations by any user. However, the data is anonymized and stored on European servers to ensure privacy. MOBROG has full control over the processing of this data and can change the retention period at its discretion. The data is handled in accordance with the applicable data protection regulations and the agreements made.
Recipients include, in addition to the software provider, investigative and law enforcement agencies, lawyers, Peter Lohmann (privacy@mobrog.com).
Processing the data specified in this section is neither legally nor contractually required. Without processing your personal data for the purposes mentioned, we cannot enable you to participate in surveys as we cannot carry out fraud prevention.
2. DomainFactory GmbH
DomainFactory is a web hosting and domain registration company based in Munich, Germany. They offer a range of hosting services including shared hosting, virtual private servers, and dedicated servers. Additionally, they provide domain registration services, website builders, and SSL certificates. Their hosting plans include features such as email hosting, database management, and website statistics.
In the context of the partnership with MOBROG, DomainFactory provides web space for MOBROG to host and deliver its assets, including images, JavaScript files, and web pages used to design the user interface provided to the user. For web hosting to function, data is stored on DomainFactory's servers. In addition to technical data (IRL, browser version, operating system), the IP address is also stored. The use of DomainFactory is based on the legal basis of Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f DSGVO. We have a legitimate interest in the most reliable presentation of our website possible. We have a contract for order processing acc. Art. 28 DSGVO with DomainFactory.
Recipients besides the website provider:
Peter Lohmann
privacy@mobrog.com
.
The processing of the data specified in this section is not required by law or contract. Without processing your personal data for the purposes mentioned, we cannot enable you to participate in surveys, as we cannot provide our website without errors.
For more information on data processing, click
here
.
We store the data for this process for 4 weeks after the user has deleted their account. MOBROG has full control over the retention period and storage of the data.
3. KeyIngress from Ingress GmbH
Ingress GmbH is a company based in Germany, Hamburg, providing software solutions for conducting surveys. They offer a web-based survey software called Keyingress that enables the implementation of all types of surveys, such as telephone surveys, online surveys, personal surveys, and field studies or offline surveys. The software is suitable for market researchers, HR departments, and online panels. The company also offers additional modules, such as Panelingress for online panel management, feedback analysis, and an invitation manager for recruitment purposes. Ingress GmbH is ISO 27001 certified and has a certified information security system.
In the context of the partnership with MOBROG, Ingress provides the webspace and cloud computing power to host and process data for the creation and execution of surveys for the various participants visiting MOBROG.
The legal basis for processing your data is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR, our contract with you.
Recipients are, besides the software provider, Peter Lohmann privacy@mobrog.com.
The processing of the data mentioned in this section is not legally or contractually required. Without processing your personal data for the purposes mentioned, we cannot provide you with the execution of surveys.
For more information on data processing, click
here
.
We store the data for this process for 4 weeks after the user has deleted their account. MOBROG has full control over the retention period and storage of the data.
Our internal data processing
The protection of your personal data after its collection, processing, and use during your visit to our website is very important to us. In the following, we would like to inform you about how and why we request your personal data and store and process it electronically.
MOBROG is an offering of the market research company SPLENDID RESEARCH GmbH from Germany. We carry out surveys worldwide via the Internet and our smartphone app. Our survey portals are integrated into a global network, allowing us to conduct large-scale surveys with correspondingly high quality. As a thank you and as a sign of appreciation for your time, participants in our surveys receive compensation, which they can, among other things, cash out via PayPal.
Information about us as the controller of your data
The responsible provider of this internet presence in terms of data protection is:
SPLENDID RESEARCH GmbH
Barmbeker Straße 7a
22303 Hamburg
'represented by the managing directors André Wolff and Jan Fischer
Contact details for the data protection officer:
Mauß Datenschutz GmbH
Neuer Wall 10
20354 Hamburg
Telefon: 040 / 999 99 52-0
E-Mail:
Contact
NO MEMBER SUPPORT - PLEASE REFER TO THE FAQ INSTEAD
Personal Information
Personal data is information that relates to you personally. This includes, for example, information such as your name, address, telephone number or email address, as well as data such as your location, your IP address or bank details. It is not necessary for you to disclose personal data in order to use our website. However, in certain cases, we do require your name and address as well as additional information in order for us to provide the desired services.
Encrypted Transmission
The data that we collect on our homepage is only transmitted to us in encrypted form. For security reasons, and to protect the transmission of confidential content that you send to us as the site operator, our website uses SSL or TLS encryption. This means that data you transmit via this website cannot be read by third parties. You can recognize an encrypted connection by the address bar https:// of your browser and by the lock icon in the browser line.
Server Log Files
Our website provider automatically collects and stores information in so-called server log files, which your browser automatically transmits to us. These are:
Name of the accessed page
Name of the used browser
Date and time of access
Name of the downloaded files
Full IP address
UserAgent
This data cannot be used to identify specific individuals. This data is not combined with data from other sources. We reserve the right to investigate these log data retrospectively if there are concrete indications of illegal activities.
The stored log files are automatically deleted after 3 days.
Recipients besides the website provider:
Peter Lohmann
privacy@mobrog.com
.
Visit our website
This website collects and stores only
required membership information during registration (email address, password, username, year of birth, gender, zip code, level of education, professional position, IP address) and if applicable
information you voluntarily provided in your member profile in response to specific requests (additional profile creation).
information about your device and its services (IP address, device type, operating system, network and internet service provider, timezone, web browser version, screen resolution, display information). We collect this data using digital fingerprint technology for quality control purposes and to detect and prevent fraud.
This website collects only information that is necessary to conduct our business and provide our services.
As a condition of membership, you must provide a valid email address and acknowledge your consent to receive survey invitations. Legal basis for data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 lit b GDPR, our contract with you and your consent pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 lit a GDPR to receive emails (see also § 7 UWG).
If you no longer wish to receive survey invitations, you can unsubscribe using the link provided in each email. Alternatively, you can cancel your membership using the function provided in your profile.
Your account will be deactivated and permanently deleted after 7 days; except for data that must be archived for legal reasons. Afterwards, all your personal information will be destroyed. This also applies to outstanding or unpaid rewards. If you wish to cancel your membership during the 7 days, please contact our support.
Recipients are:
Peter Lohmann
privacy@mobrog.com
The processing of the data specified in this section is not required by law or contract. Without the transmission of your personal data, we cannot enable you to participate in surveys on our website.
Contact inquiries
Data transmitted via the contact form, including your contact details, will be stored in order to process your request or to be available for possible follow-up questions. This data will not be passed on without your consent.
The legal basis for this is our legitimate interest in answering your request in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR. If your request serves the purpose of concluding a contract with us, where you are the contracting party, another legal basis for processing is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR.
Data transmitted via the contact form will remain with us until you request deletion, revoke your consent to storage, or the need for data storage no longer exists. Mandatory legal provisions - in particular retention periods - remain unaffected by this regulation.
Recipients besides the website provider:
Peter Lohmann
privacy@mobrog.com
.
The processing of the data specified in this section is not legally or contractually required. Without the submission of your personal data, we cannot process your request.
PayPal
We offer the option to process the payment via the payment service provider PayPal (PayPal (Europe) S.à.r.l. et Cie, S.C.A., 22-24 Boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg). PayPal is an online payment system that allows individuals and businesses to transfer money electronically. Users can set up a personal account, link it to their bank account or credit card, and then use the account to make purchases or send money to other PayPal users.
Users can participate in surveys on MOBROG and get paid for their contributions. Payments to users are made through PayPal, a widely used online payment platform that allows users to easily send and receive money. This process enables MOBROG to compensate its users for their time and effort in participating in the surveys and makes it easy for users to receive their payment.
If you participate in surveys on our website, MOBROG, and choose to receive payment through PayPal, we will collect and store your name and the email addresses associated with your PayPal account on our servers to facilitate the payment and fraud detection processes. By providing this information and accepting payment through PayPal, you give MOBROG permission to exclusively use and store this information for processing your payment. We will securely store your information and not pass it on to third parties or sell it. In addition, we will comply with all relevant laws and regulations regarding data protection and privacy. No user payment usage data will ever be shared with our partners.
Recipients are, in addition to the payment service provider:
Peter Lohmann
privacy@mobrog.com
.
The processing of the data specified in this section is not required by law or contract. Without the transmission of your personal data, we cannot process payment through PayPal. You have the option to choose another payment method.
The legal basis for the aforementioned use of data is Art. 6 para. 1 lit b GDPR.
The data collected and transmitted in this way is stored for 4 weeks after the user has deleted their account with MOBROG.
In the event of data transmission, between PayPal (PayPal (Europe) S.à.r.l. et Cie, S.C.A., and PayPal Inc., USA, so-called EU standard contractual clauses (Standard contractual clauses, SCC) are concluded as a necessary guarantee and supplemented by additional security measures.
For more information on objection and removal options regarding PayPal, please visit:
https://www.paypal.com/de/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full
Hyperwallet
Hyperwallet, a partner company of PayPal, is a financial technology company based in San Francisco (USA) that provides a global payout platform for businesses to distribute funds to recipients at various locations and in different currencies. The platform enables businesses to send payments to individuals and organizations in over 200 countries and territories in local currency and with local payment methods. It also offers compliance and fraud management tools as well as various reporting and reconciliation features.
MOBROG uses Hyperwallet to pay its users for their contributions. Hyperwallet is a payment platform that allows businesses to pay their customers in various ways, including bank transfer, direct deposit, and e-wallets. MOBROG uses this platform to facilitate the payment process to its customers for their survey participation. This provides an easy and efficient way for MOBROG customers to receive payment for their time and effort.
As part of its payment process for survey participants, MOBROG obtains the bank details of its users' Hyperwallet accounts and stores this information. This is done in compliance with relevant data protection laws and regulations. The collection and storage of this information are necessary to make payments to users for their participation in surveys. MOBROG has implemented appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect this information from unauthorized access and has a strict policy to prevent misuse of the data. Users have the right to access, correct, and delete their personal data stored by MOBROG at any time.
Recipients are, in addition to the payment service provider:
Peter Lohmann
privacy@mobrog.com
.
The processing of the data specified under this section is not required by law or contract. Without the transmission of your personal data, we cannot process a payment via Hyperwallet. You have the option to choose another payment method.
The legal basis for the use of the data described above is Art. 6 (1)(b) GDPR.
The data collected and transmitted in this way will be retained for 4 weeks after the user has deleted their MOBROG account.
The provider is located outside the EU, specifically in the USA. Currently, it is not possible to conclude privacy contracts with this provider that meet the high European data protection standards. Nevertheless, we do not want to withhold this payment service provider from you. However, we must point out that when using this service, your data will be processed in the USA and the company is not certified under the EU-U.S. DPF. This means that the company has not publicly committed to complying with the EU-U.S. DPF principles. We have concluded standard contract clauses with the provider, which you can find HERE.
More information about data processing can be found here:
https://www.hyperwallet.com/privacy-policy/
Skrill
Skrill is an e-commerce company that enables payments and money transfers through the internet, with a focus on low-cost international money transfers. It is owned and operated by Skrill Limited, a UK-based company. It allows users to transfer money to businesses and individuals by utilizing a web-based interface or alternatively using their mobile app.
Participants can complete surveys on MOBROG and be rewarded for their contributions. One of the payment methods used by MOBROG is Skrill. This process enables MOBROG to quickly and easily compensate users for their participation in surveys and provides users with a convenient way to receive payment.
If you partake in surveys on our website, MOBROG, and opt for payment via Skrill, we collect and store your name as well as the email addresses associated with your Skrill account on our servers to facilitate payment. By providing this information and accepting payment through Skrill, you grant MOBROG permission to use and store this information solely for the purpose of payment processing. We will keep your information secure and will not pass it on to third parties or sell it. Furthermore, we will comply with all relevant laws and regulations regarding data protection and privacy.
Recipients are, in addition to the payment service provider:
privacy@mobrog.com
The processing of the data specified in this section is not required by law or contract. Without the transfer of your personal data, we cannot carry out a payment via Skrill. There is the option for you to choose another payment method.
The legal basis for the described use of the data is Art. 6 para. 1 lit b GDPR.
The data collected and transferred in this way will be stored for 4 weeks after the user has deleted their account at MOBROG.
More information about data processing can be found here:
https://www.skrill.com/de/datenschutzmitteilung/
EcoMatcher
EcoMatcher is a company based in Hong Kong (China) that helps individuals and organizations offset their CO2 footprint by supporting conservation projects worldwide. The company enables users to purchase CO2 certificates, which contribute to the financing of projects that protect endangered species, preserve natural habitats, and promote sustainable agriculture and renewable energy. EcoMatcher's mission is to make it easy and affordable for people to fight climate change by supporting conservation measures that have real and measurable impacts. They work with a variety of conservation partners to ensure that the projects they fund are effective and have a lasting impact on the environment.
When users participate in MOBROG surveys, they have the option to receive payment for their participation in the form of cash, or alternatively transfer the funds to EcoMatcher, a company that plants trees on their behalf. This service is offered as an alternative payment option for users and is entirely optional. MOBROG ensures that all personal data shared with EcoMatcher is handled in compliance with relevant data protection laws and regulations, and that appropriate technical and organizational measures are in place to protect the data from unauthorized access. Users have the right to access, correct, and delete their personal data stored by MOBROG and EcoMatcher at any time.
Recipients include, besides the platform provider:
privacy@mobrog.com
The processing of data specified in this section is not required by law or contract. Without the transmission of your personal data, we cannot process a payment via EcoMatcher. However, you have the option to choose another payment method.
The legal basis for the aforementioned use of data is Art. 6 para. 1 lit b GDPR.
The data collected and transmitted in this way will be stored for 4 weeks after the user has deleted their account with MOBROG.
The provider is based outside the EU, specifically in China. Currently, it is not possible to enter into data protection agreements with these providers that meet the requirements of the high European data protection standards. Nevertheless, we would like to offer you this payment service provider. However, we must point out that when using these services, your data will be processed in China, which is a legally insecure third country from a data protection perspective. We have concluded standard contractual clauses with the provider, which you can find
HERE
.
More information about data processing can be found here:
https://www.ecomatcher.com/security-privacy/
Virtual Incentives
Virtual Incentives is a US-based company located in New York, specializing in providing digital incentives and payment solutions. The company offers services such as purchasing, shipping, tracking, and managing payments in digital format. It allows clients to easily distribute, track, and manage incentives for customers, employees, or survey participants, making the process more efficient and convenient. Virtual Incentives can be considered a provider of reward and incentive solutions for businesses, organizations, and institutions.
To receive a payment for their participation in MOBROG surveys, users have the option to receive cash in the form of digital vouchers. These vouchers are provided by our partner company, Virtual Incentives. The partnership between MOBROG and Virtual Incentives allows MOBROG to offer its users an alternative payment method that is convenient and easy to use. MOBROG ensures that all personal data shared with Virtual Incentives comply with relevant data protection laws and regulations. To enable a convenient payment process, MOBROG stores and shares the email address and full name of users with Virtual Incentives. MOBROG has implemented appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect the data from unauthorized access. Users have the right to access, correct, and delete their personal data stored by MOBROG and Virtual Incentives at any time upon a manual request.
Recipients include, besides the platform provider:
Peter Lohmann
privacy@mobrog.com
The processing of the data indicated in this section is not required by law or by contract. Without the transmission of your personal data, we cannot carry out a payment via Virtual Incentives. You have the option to choose another payment method.
The legal basis for the aforementioned use of the data is Art. 6, para. 1 lit b GDPR.
The data collected and transmitted in this way will be stored for 4 weeks after the user has deleted their account with MOBROG.
The provider is based outside the EU, specifically in the USA. Currently, it is not possible to enter into data protection contracts with this provider that meet the requirements of the high European data protection standard. However, we do not want to withhold this payment service provider from you. We must inform you, however, that when using this service your data will be processed in the USA and the company is not certified under the EU-U.S. DPF. This means that the company has not publicly committed to complying with the EU-U.S. DPF principles. We have concluded standard contractual clauses with the provider, which you can find HERE.
More information about data processing can be found here:
https://www.virtualincentives.com/privacy-policy/
Imperium
Imperium, 4 Research Drive Suite 600, Shelton, CT 06484 with its EU representative, Chris Watson (
chris.watson@dynata.com
), is committed to providing its clients with the highest level of technology services and customized solutions for the authentication of personal information and prevention of fraudulent online activities. Their state-of-the-art systems and experienced team of experts are focused on ensuring that our platform is always protected and secure against fraudulent activities.
Upon a user deciding to sign up for our services on MOBROG, we review their digital fingerprint to ensure that the user has not already registered on our platform and that the user's device is not making malicious attempts to compromise our technical infrastructure. For this purpose, Imperium stores various parameters regarding the user's behavior and the device used, including: IP address and device statistics, such as the User Agent value published by the browser.
To protect the integrity of our website, MOBROG, and prevent fraudulent activities, we utilize the services of Imperium. As a result of this protective measure, we may maintain a list of users who have been identified as participants in fraudulent activities. This list serves exclusively to protect our website and its users, and all information contained therein is treated in accordance with applicable laws and regulations on data protection and privacy.
The storage duration is five years.
Recipients include, in addition to the software provider, investigative and law enforcement authorities, and lawyers:
Peter Lohmann
privacy@mobrog.com
The provider is based outside of the EU, specifically in the USA. At the moment, it is not possible to enter into data protection agreements with this provider that meet the high European data protection standards. However, we do not want to withhold this payment service provider from you. We must, however, point out that when using this service, your data will be processed in the USA and the company is not certified under the EU-U.S. DPF. This means that the company has not publicly committed to complying with the EU-U.S. DPF principles. We have entered into standard contractual clauses with the provider, which you can find HERE.
The processing of the data provided in this section is neither required by law nor contract. Without processing your personal data for the purposes mentioned, we cannot enable you to participate in surveys, as we cannot conduct fraud prevention.
More information about data processing can be found here:
https://www.imperium.com/privacy/
Cookies
Necessary Cookies
We use cookies to operate our website, to ensure the technical functionality of our website, and to understand how visitors use our website.
A cookie is a small text file that is stored by your browser on your device when you visit our website. If you visit our website again later, we can read these cookies again. Cookies are stored for different periods of time. You have the option at any time in your browser to set which cookies should be accepted, however, this may result in our website no longer functioning properly. You can also delete cookies at any time yourself. If you do not do this, we can determine how long a cookie should be stored on your computer when you save it. Here you have to distinguish between so-called session cookies and permanent cookies. Session cookies are deleted by your browser when you leave our website or close your browser. Permanent cookies are stored for the duration that we specify when saving.
We use cookies for the following purposes:
Session Cookies:
We use so-called cookies on our website. Cookies are small text files or other storage technologies that are stored by your browser on your computer. These cookies process certain specific information about you, such as your browser, location data, or IP address. This processing makes our website more user-friendly, efficient, and secure and allows us, for example, to display our website in different languages or offer a shopping cart function. The legal basis for such processing is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR if these cookies process data for contract initiation or contract execution. If the processing does not serve contract initiation or contract execution, our legitimate interest lies in improving the functionality of our website. The legal basis is then Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR. If you have given your consent, the legal basis is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR. When you close your browser, these session cookies are deleted.
Opt-out option:
You can refuse the use of cookies by changing the settings in your browser. You can also use the browser to delete already stored cookies. However, the necessary steps and measures depend on the browser you are using. If you have any questions, please use the help function or consult the documentation for your browser or contact its manufacturer for support. Browser settings cannot prevent the setting of so-called Flash cookies. Instead, you need to change the setting of your Flash Player. The necessary steps and measures also depend on the Flash Player you are using. If you have any questions, please use the help function or consult the documentation for your Flash Player or contact its manufacturer for support. If you prevent or restrict the installation of cookies, not all functions on our website may be fully usable.
Below you will find a list of our essential cookies, which are set exclusively by us to ensure the smooth operation of our website. As these cookies are essential for the proper operation of our website, it is unfortunately not possible to refuse them. We use these cookies exclusively for internal purposes, for example, to save your settings, ensure the security of our website, and provide you with an improved user experience. Please note that these cookies do not collect personally identifiable information and have no impact on your privacy. By using our website, you agree to the use of these essential cookies.
Name
Description
keyingress_p
Our internal participant session ID for surveys
PHPSESSID
Our internal visitor session ID
visitedPages
To track the number of visitors on our websites
google-ads
A switch that shows us whether the user has agreed to the receipt of cookies from Google Ads
bing
A switch that shows us whether the user has agreed to the receipt of cookies from Microsoft Bing
google
A switch that shows us whether the user has agreed to the receipt of cookies from Google Analytics
settings
A switch that shows us whether the user has edited the privacy manager. If not, they will be prompted to do so.
trustpilot
A switch that shows us whether the user has agreed to the receipt of cookies from Trustpilot
microsoft-clarity
A switch that shows us whether the user has agreed to the receipt of cookies from Microsoft Clarity
AutoplayStatus
An internal cookie that allows us to enable or disable the autoplay function
Third-party cookies
Our site uses several types of technical and functional cookies. You give your consent via this interface in accordance with the relevant legal basis. If you have given your consent regarding the use of cookies, they will be stored for a period of 3 months, starting from the date of your consent. After this period has expired, you will be asked for your cookie settings again to ensure that your preferences are always up to date. You can revoke your decisions at any time and reconfigure them via the "Privacy Manager" icon, which is located in the middle right of the screen. The providers we use are located outside the EU, more precisely in the USA.
Your Rights
If you wish to exercise a right to which you are entitled, please contact us as the responsible party using the contact details provided above or use one of the other methods we offer to send us this message.
Right to Information
According to Art. 15 GDPR, you have the right to request confirmation from us as to whether personal data concerning you is being processed by us. If this is the case, you have a right to access this personal data and to further information as mentioned in Art. 15 GDPR.
Right to Rectification/Supplementation
In accordance with Art. 16 GDPR, you have the right to request the immediate rectification of incorrect personal data concerning you from us. Taking into account the purposes of processing, you also have the right to request the completion of incomplete personal data - including by means of an additional statement.
Right to Erasure
You have the right to request that we delete your personal data without undue delay. We are obligated to delete personal data without undue delay, provided that the conditions of Art. 17 GDPR are met. For details, please refer to Art. 17 GDPR.
Right to Restriction of Processing
In accordance with Art. 18 GDPR, under certain conditions, you have the right to request us to restrict the processing of your personal data.
Right to data portability
According to Art. 20 GDPR, you have the right to receive the personal data concerning you, which you have provided to us, in a structured, common and machine-readable format, and you have the right to transmit this data to another controller without hindrance from us, provided that the processing is based on consent pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR or Art. 9 para. 2 lit. a GDPR or on a contract pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR and the processing is carried out using automated procedures.
Right to Withdraw Consent
Pursuant to Art. 7 GDPR, you have the right to revoke any given consent at any time and without providing a reason. Please note that a revocation only applies to the future and does not affect the legality of processing carried out in the past.
Right to object:
If we name our legitimate interest pursuant to Art. 6 (1) lit. f GDPR as the legal basis, you have the right to object as set out in Art. 21 GDPR.
According to Art. 21 GDPR, you have the right to object to the processing of personal data concerning you, which is based on Article 6(1)(e) or (f) GDPR; this also applies to profiling based on these provisions.
Where personal data is processed for direct marketing purposes, you have the right at any time to object to the processing of personal data concerning you for the purposes of such advertising, including profiling to the extent it is related to such direct marketing.
Right to complain
You have the right, under Art. 77 GDPR, to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority, regardless of any other administrative or judicial remedy available. In particular, you have the right to do so in the member state of your residence, place of work, or place of the alleged infringement, if you believe that the processing of personal data concerning you infringes the GDPR.
Reservation of change
We reserve the right to change the security and privacy measures at any time, especially if this becomes necessary due to technical developments. In these cases, we will also adjust these privacy notices accordingly. Please therefore note the current version of these privacy notices.
Privacy Manager
In order to be able to optimize our services, we rely on the use of individual external services. As these services store data in your browser, we are obliged to obtain your consent for the use of each individual service in accordance with Art. 7 GDPR. Your consent also is our legal basis for the processing.
All information regarding the processing purposes and the data stored or read by the services can be found in the details, which you can access via the "Manage Consent" button.
You can change or withdraw your consent at any time. We store the consents on your device until you revoke them or delete the relevant data in the browser settings. The consent is automatically deleted 3 months from the point when your consent was last given.
Some of the services used may transfer data to third countries (outside the EU or the EEA). You will also find the necessary information on this in the detailed information on the respective services.
Accept All
Decline All
Manage Consent
Necessary Cookies
Necessary cookies required for our site to function properly. These include Cookies that allow us to ensure security and quality of our service. By using our services, you accept our
Terms of Use
and
Privacy Policy
.
View Details
Google AdSense
We use Google AdSense to serve relevant ads to visitors on our web pages. Learn more about this service in Google's
Privacy Policy
and
Terms of Service
.
View Details
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics, a service by Google, to gather statistics regarding the visitors to our web portals. Read more regarding this service in
Google's Terms of Use
.
View Details
Microsoft Clarity
We use Microsoft Clarity to better understand user behavior and improve our website's user experience. This includes tracking user interactions such as mouse movements and clicks. Read more regarding this service in
Microsoft Clarity's Terms of Use
.
View Details
Microsoft Advertising
We use Microsoft Advertising to gather statistics regarding the number of visitors who are directed to our service via our display ads placed on the Bing search engine. Read more regarding this service in
Bing's Terms of Use
.
View Details
Trustpilot
We use the Trustpilot API to improve your experience on our website by bringing you reviews of our product from the Trustpilot platform. Also, the Trustpilot API enables us to show information customized to your country and language preferences. Read more about this service on
Trustpilot's terms of use
.
View Details
Accept All
Decline All
Accept Selected Options
Necessary Cookies
Personally identifiable information is only collected directly from the user upon our voluntary registration process. In addition to the user-specific parameters required upon registration, several details are stored collectively as a result of users' interactions with our website. The collective data is never linked back to individual users. Collective data is transmitted to us through our use of first-party Cookies and data logs. This data is then stored for the purposes of (1) analyzing user behavior, and (2) fraud prevention. The data collected in the context of necessary Cookies, is neither transmitted to third-party services nor stored in storage sites operated by organizations other than MOBROG. Read about what data we store and how the data is processed at
this link
. Your data is also terminated from our storage sites in compliance with our
terms and conditions of use
when you choose to delete your account.
Google AdSense
We do not store any information at MOBROG. Google AdSense, however, collects data as detailed in their privacy policy, which you can find on their
privacy policy
At MOBROG, we use cookies to manage and obtain user consent for displaying personalized advertisements through Google AdSense on our website. For a comprehensive understanding of how Google processes data, please refer to this link.
Google AdSense collaborates with a range of partners to enhance user experience and potentially collect data when you browse our website. The full list of these partners and their domains can be found on the
AdSense platforms page
. Please review Google AdSense's
privacy policy
For more information on data collection and processing.
Google Analytics
We do not store any information at MOBROG. Google Analytics, however, collects the following information through its default implementation:
Number of users visiting the website
Session statistics
Approximate geolocation of users
Browser and device information
See a full list of the default
events
and
user properties
collected by Google Analytics.
At MOBROG, we use Cookies set by Google Analytics to identify trends and patterns in how visitors engage with our website. These features enable the collection, analysis, monitoring, visualization, and reporting of user behavior. For more information on data collection and processing, please review Google Analytics
privacy policy
.
Microsoft Clarity
We use Microsoft Clarity to learn more about user behavior on our pages. We want to identify areas where our pages are not yet optimally designed, where users face difficulties understanding processes, and pinpoint areas that can be improved in terms of user experience. We also gather information about the general use of our site, such as the country from which our pages are accessed. Additionally, Microsoft Clarity helps us detect technical errors on our pages and gather data on users' device characteristics.
Microsoft Clarity can recognize users across multiple visits to gain a comprehensive view of their interactions. For this purpose, data is stored locally on the user's device through cookies, session storage, and local storage. Session storage data is deleted when the browser is closed, local storage data remains unless manually deleted, and cookies are set with a maximum storage period of 3 months after the last visit to our website.
Microsoft Clarity analyzes mouse movements, click paths, and scrolling behavior during individual visits, allowing us to assess areas of our site that may not be fully optimized and identify which content is of most interest to users. This includes detailed information such as individual mouse movements and pauses. All data collected is pseudonymized. This means we can combine data over multiple visits without knowing the individual's identity unless they provide us with their Clarity ID, which is generated by Microsoft Clarity.
The operator of Microsoft Clarity and recipient of the processed data is Microsoft Corp. in the USA. Microsoft is certified under the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (DPF). Some data collected may also be processed by Microsoft for their own purposes. You can find further details here:
https://www.microsoft.com/privacy/privacystatement
.
Microsoft Advertising
We do not store any information at MOBROG. Microsoft receives data as outlined in their
privacy policy
, which you can review. At MOBROG, we utilize Microsoft Advertising to enhance user experience by:
Tracking registrations from users who discover us on Bing, Microsoft's search engine.
Identifying pages viewed by users before they register for our service.
Microsoft, in turn, utilizes the collected data to:
Provide, update, secure, and troubleshoot their products, including support.
Improve and develop their products.
Personalize products and make recommendations.
Advertise and market, including sending promotional communications and presenting relevant offers.
Additionally, Microsoft uses the data to operate their business, analyze performance, meet legal obligations, develop the workforce, and conduct research. For detailed information, refer to Microsoft's
privacy policy
.
Trustpilot
We store reviews from the Trustpilot platform which are tailored to your country and language in your browser's sessionStorage. By storing Trustpilot reviews locally, we can avoid making multiple requests to Trustpilot servers, resulting in a quicker loading time for reviews on our platform.
Additionally, Trustpilot may process or collect data about you on their own. For more information, please consult Trustpilot's
privacy policy
As the data is stored in the sessionStorage, it will be deleted after your session with us ends, at the latest when you close your browser.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.paypal.com/de/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full:
Zurück zur Startseite
PayPal-Datenschutzerklärung
1. Übersicht
2. Die Aufgaben von PayPal als Datenverantwortlicher
3. Nutzer ohne Konto
4. Kategorien von personenbezogenen Daten, die wir über Sie erheben
5. Welche personenbezogenen Daten verwendet werden und auf welchen Rechtsgrundlagen dies beruht
6. Unter welchen Umständen geben wir personenbezogene Daten weiter
7. Wie lange Ihre personenbezogenen Daten von PayPal gespeichert werden
8. Internationale Übermittlung von personenbezogenen Daten
9. Wie wir Cookies und Tracking-Technologien verwenden
10. Ihre Datenschutzrechte
11. Nähere Informationen zu automatisierter Entscheidungsfindung und Profiling
12. Warum wir personenbezogene Daten an Kreditauskunfteien weitergeben
13. Wie wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten schützen
14. Können Kinder unsere Dienste nutzen?
15. Aktualisierungen dieser Datenschutzerklärung
16. Hinweis zu Bankvorschriften für Nutzer im EWR und in Großbritannien
17. Begriffsbestimmungen
18. Unsere Kontaktdaten
Druckfähige PDF-Datei herunterladen
PayPal-Datenschutzerklärung
Letzte Aktualisierung 15. April 2024
Bitte kontaktieren Sie uns, wenn Sie Fragen zu dieser Datenschutzerklärung oder allgemeine Fragen zu Ihren personenbezogenen Daten haben. Ihre Daten werden verwendet, damit wir die Dienste bereitstellen können. Dies erfolgt im Einklang mit dieser Datenschutzerklärung und den maßgeblichen
PayPal-Nutzungsbedingungen
.
1. Übersicht
Diese Datenschutzerklärung zielt darauf ab, Ihnen ausreichende Informationen über die Nutzung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten zu bieten, wenn Sie unsere Website besuchen und unsere Dienste nutzen (zusammenfassend die „
Dienste“)
. Wir empfehlen Ihnen, diese Datenschutzerklärung zu lesen und sie zu nutzen, um fundierte Entscheidungen zu treffen.
Die Erläuterung wichtiger Begriffe, die in der Datenschutzerklärung ansonsten nicht definiert werden, finden Sie in Abschnitt 17 (
Begriffsbestimmungen
) am Ende dieser Datenschutzerklärung.
2. Die Aufgaben von PayPal als Datenverantwortlicher
Innerhalb des Europäischen Wirtschaftsraums (EWR) ist
PayPal (Europe) S.à r.l. et Cie, S.C.A.
Datenverantwortlicher für personenbezogene Daten, die beim Besuch unserer Website, während des Anmelde- und Antragsverfahrens sowie während Ihrer fortgesetzten Nutzung der Dienste erhoben und verarbeitet werden.
Bezugnahmen auf "wir", "unser", "uns", "
PayPal
" oder "
PayPal-Unternehmen
" in dieser Datenschutzerklärung bezeichnen PayPal (Europe) S.à r.l. et Cie, S.C.A. sowie die Gruppe der Unternehmen, die jeweils die einzelnen Unternehmen direkt oder indirekt kontrolliert, von ihnen kontrolliert wird oder sich mit ihnen in gemeinsamem Besitz befindet.
Einige der Dritten, an die wir personenbezogene Daten weitergeben, sind unabhängige Datenverantwortliche. Das bedeutet, dass wir nicht diejenigen sind, die bestimmen, wie die von uns weitergegebenen Daten verarbeitet werden. Beispiele sind Behörden, Kreditauskunfteien, Erwerber und andere Finanzinstitute. Wenn Ihre Daten an unabhängige Datenverantwortliche weitergegeben werden, gelten deren Datenrichtlinien. Wir empfehlen Ihnen, ihre Datenschutzerklärungen zu lesen und Ihre Datenschutzrechte zu kennen, bevor Sie mit ihnen interagieren.
Weitere Informationen darüber, wie wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten bei der Übermittlung außerhalb des EWR, Großbritanniens und der Schweiz schützen, finden Sie in Abschnitt 8 (
Internationale Übermittlung von personenbezogenen Daten
)
3. Nutzer ohne Konto
Der Zugriff auf unsere Dienste ist auch für Personen ohne PayPal-Konto oder PayPal-Profil möglich. Auch wenn Sie unsere Dienste nutzen, ohne Inhaber eines Kontos zu sein, erheben wir personenbezogene Daten von Ihnen. Dies kann beispielsweise der Fall sein bei der Nutzung der Funktion "Zahlung ohne PayPal-Konto", von markenlosen Zahlungsdiensten (wie z.B. Braintree) oder beim Empfang von Zahlungen von Kontoinhabern über unsere Dienste. Der Begriff "Nutzer" bezieht sich daher gleichermaßen auf Personen mit und ohne Konto. Haben Sie kein Konto, erfolgt die Verwendung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten zur Bereitstellung der Dienste und nach Maßgabe dieser Datenschutzerklärung und den jeweiligen
PayPal-Nutzungsbedingungen
.
4. Kategorien von personenbezogenen Daten, die wir über Sie erheben
Wir erheben die folgenden Datenkategorien über Sie, um unsere Dienste bereitzustellen, Ihre Benutzererfahrung kontinuierlich zu verbessern und unser Geschäft zu betreiben und weiterzuentwickeln. Die Arten von personenbezogenen Daten, die wir über Sie erheben, werden nachstehend erläutert.
Kategorien von personenbezogenen Daten, die
von Ihnen
erhoben werden, einschließlich durch Ihre Interaktionen mit uns und Ihre Nutzung der Dienste:
Anmelde- und Kontaktdaten
. Je nach den von Ihnen gewählten Diensten erheben wir Ihren Namen, Ihre Postanschrift, Ihre E-Mail-Adresse, Ihr Einkommen, Ihre Telefonnummer, Ihre Steuernummer, Ihre Zahlungsinformationen, Informationen über Ihren Beruf, Ihr Beschäftigungsverhältnis oder Ihr Geschäft sowie sonstige Informationen, die zur Einrichtung eines Kontos erforderlich sind.
Identifizierungs- und Unterschriftsdaten
. Je nach den von Ihnen gewählten Diensten erheben wir Daten, um Ihren Namen, Ihre Adresse, Ihre E-Mail-Adresse, Ihre Telefonnummer, Ihren amtlichen Ausweis, Ihr Alter und Ihre biometrischen Daten zu überprüfen sowie um Ihre elektronische Unterschrift zu erstellen und auszustellen.
Zahlungsinformationen
. Informationen, wie etwa der von Ihnen gesendete oder angeforderte Betrag, Ihr Zahlungsinstrument, Ihre in Verbindung mit den Diensten verwendete Karte oder Zahlungsquelle, einschließlich der Bezeichnung des Ausstellers, des Kartentyps, des Ländercodes, der Kontonummer des Zahlungskontos, des CVV, des Benutzernamens sowie IBAN-Informationen.
Informationen zu Ihren importierten Kontakten
. Wenn Sie sich entscheiden, Ihre Kontaktlisten zu importieren, erfassen wir Informationen, die Sie über Ihre Kontakte eingeben oder importieren, wie Name, Adresse, Telefonnummer, Bilder, E-Mail-Adresse oder Benutzernamen, die mit den importierten oder manuell eingegebenen Kontakten verknüpft sind.
Daten in Ihrem Kontoprofil.
Informationen, die Sie freiwillig eingeben, wie etwa Ihren Benutzernamen, Ihre E-Mail-Adresse, Ihre Mobiltelefonnummer, Ihr Profilbild, Ihre bevorzugte Sprache oder die Beschreibung Ihrer Person, die sensible personenbezogene Daten enthalten kann, welche Aufschluss über religiöse Überzeugungen, politische oder philosophische Ansichten, Behinderungen, sexuelle Orientierung sowie biometrische Daten geben. Sie können Ihr Profil jederzeit als "privat" kennzeichnen.
Informationen, die Sie angeben, wenn Sie uns kontaktieren
. Informationen, die Sie offenlegen, wenn Sie an Umfragen teilnehmen oder unsere Kundendienstteams kontaktieren, wie z. B. von Ihnen genutzte Dienste, aufgezeichnete Gespräche, Chat-Gespräche mit uns, E-Mail-Korrespondenz mit uns, Kontostatus, Rückzahlungsverlauf, Spracherkennung. Dies kann Informationen über andere beinhalten, wenn Sie diese mit uns teilen.
Gerätedaten.
Dies sind Daten, die automatisch von einem beliebigen Gerät erhoben werden können, das für den Zugriff auf die Seite oder die Dienste genutzt wird. Zu diesen Daten gehören unter anderem der Typ, die Netzwerkverbindungen, der Name, die IP-Adresse und Informationen zum Webbrowser Ihres Geräts sowie Informationen zur Internetverbindung, mit denen Sie auf die Seiten oder Dienste zugreifen, Geolokalisierungsdaten, Informationen zu Apps, die auf Ihr Gerät heruntergeladen wurden, sowie biometrische Daten.
Abgeleitete Daten.
Wenn Sie die Dienste nutzen, können wir aus Ihren Transaktionen und personenbezogenen Daten gegebenenfalls weitere Daten ableiten. Dies erfolgt unter anderem, um Ihr Konto zu schützen und Sie bei der Nutzung der Dienste vor Betrug zu bewahren. Zu den abgeleiteten Daten können beispielsweise Verhaltensmuster und persönliche Vorlieben, Browsing- und Kaufgewohnheiten sowie Ihre Kreditwürdigkeit gehören.
Kategorien von personenbezogenen Daten, die
von Dritten
erhoben werden, einschließlich von Identitätsprüfern, Datenbrokern, Anbietern, die uns bei der Betrugserkennung helfen, Ihrer Bank, Händlern oder Drittanbieterplattformen, über die Sie unsere Dienste nutzen:
Daten aus den von Ihnen verknüpften Drittkonten
. Wenn Sie ein Finanzkonto oder ein Konto ohne Finanzbezug verknüpfen, wie z.B. Ihr persönliches E-Mail-Konto, Ihre Konten in sozialen Medien oder Ihre Bank- oder Kreditkonten, erheben wir Informationen, die mit dem angegebenen Zweck in Verbindung stehen, zu dem die Verknüpfung erfolgt ist. Wenn Sie sich beispielsweise für die Teilnahme an
Open Banking
entscheiden, erheben wir von Ihren verknüpften Konten die Kontoanmeldedaten, Kontostände, Kontotransaktionen und Informationen über Ihre finanzielle Situation. Sie können Ihre Entscheidung zur Nutzung dieser Funktion jederzeit ändern und die Verknüpfung mit den betreffenden Konten aufheben.
Informationen von Auskunfteien
. Soweit gesetzlich zulässig, erfassen wir im Rahmen Ihrer Nutzung unserer Dienste kreditbezogene Informationen wie ausstehende und historische Schulden, Rückzahlungshistorie, frühere Kreditgenehmigungen, aktuelle Arbeitsverhältnisse und Beziehungen zu anderen Finanzinstituten.
Transaktionsdaten
. Informationen zu Ihren Bestelldetails und Einkäufen, wie z.B. Artikelbeschreibung, Menge, Preis, Währung, Lieferadresse, Online-Warenkorbinformationen, Verkäufer- und Käuferinformationen und Zahlungsinformationen. Dazu gehören Informationen aus Ihren Transaktionen, bei denen Sie unsere Dienste ohne ein PayPal-Konto nutzen (z. B. Zahlen ohne PayPal-Konto).
Informationen zu den gesetzlichen Vorschriften
. In Übereinstimmung mit geltendem Recht (u.a. Gesetz zur Geldwäscheprävention) können dies Informationen aus externen Sanktionslisten wie Name, Geburtsdatum, Geburtsort, Beruf und der Grund, warum die betreffende Person auf der betreffenden Liste steht, umfassen.
Anwendungen von Drittanbietern
. Informationen von anderen aus Ihrer Nutzung von Anwendungen von Drittanbietern, wie dem Apple App Store oder Google Play Store, sozialen Netzwerken, wie Name, Ihre soziale Netzwerk-ID, Standortinformationen, E-Mail, Geräte-ID, Browser-ID und Profilbild. Ihre Nutzung von Anwendungen Dritter unterliegt der Datenschutzerklärung und den Nutzungsbedingungen für solche Anwendungen.
Kategorien von personenbezogenen Daten, die durch Cookies und ähnliche Tracking-Technologien sowie von Ihren Geräten automatisch über Sie erhoben werden, einschließlich durch Ihren Zugriff auf unsere Website oder PayPal-App:
Technische Nutzungsdaten
. Informationen über die Antwortzeit für Webseiten, Download-Fehler und Datum und Uhrzeit Ihrer Nutzung des Dienstes, wie z. B. Ihre IP-Adresse, Statistiken darüber, wie Seiten geladen oder angezeigt werden, die Websites, die Sie besucht haben, bevor Sie auf die Websites gelangten, und andere Nutzungs- und Browsing-Informationen, die durch Cookies erhoben werden ("
Technische Nutzungsdaten
").
Informationen von Ihrem Gerät
. Informationen über Ihre Spracheinstellungen, IP-Adresse, Browser-ID, Geräte-ID, Cookie-Einstellungen, Zeitzone, Betriebssystem, Plattform, Bildschirmauflösung und ähnliche Informationen über Ihre Geräteeinstellungen sowie Daten, die von Cookies oder anderen Tracking-Technologien erfasst werden,
Standortinformationen
. Informationen aus IP-basierter Geolokalisierung wie Breiten- und Längengraddaten und Global Positioning System (GPS)-Informationen, wenn Sie uns über Ihre Geräteeinstellungen die Erlaubnis erteilen.
Abgeleitete Daten
. Rückschlüsse, die gezogen werden, um ein Profil über Sie zu erstellen, das Verhaltensmuster und persönliche Vorlieben wie Geschlecht, Einkommen, Surf- und Kaufgewohnheiten und Kreditwürdigkeit widerspiegeln kann.
5. Welche personenbezogenen Daten verwendet werden und auf welchen Rechtsgrundlagen dies beruht
Die
Verarbeitung
Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten kann aus einer Vielzahl von Gründen erfolgen, die nach dem maßgeblichen Datenschutzrecht der Europäischen Union (EU), Großbritanniens und der Schweiz und unter Beachtung der nachstehenden Rechtsgrundlagen zulässig sind:
Wir erheben die folgenden personenbezogenen Daten, die wir für
erforderlich halten, um unsere vorvertraglichen und vertraglichen Verpflichtungen
Ihnen gegenüber zu erfüllen, und ohne die Sie die Dienste nicht nutzen können.
Zu diesen erforderlichen Kategorien von personenbezogenen Daten gehören:
Informationen zu Ihrer Registrierung und Kontaktinformationen
Identifizierungs- und Unterschriftsdaten
Zahlungsinformationen
Informationen zu den gesetzlichen Vorschriften
Informationen, die Sie angeben, wenn Sie uns kontaktieren
Transaktionsdaten
Tracking von Paketen
Dienstspezifische personenbezogene Daten
Informationen von Auskunfteien und Finanzinstituten
Informationen aus Ihren verbundenen Finanzkonten
Daten aus Ihrer Nutzung der Dienste
Technische Nutzungsdaten
Gerätedaten
Standortdaten
Zu diesen Aktivitäten gehört
:
die Erbringung unserer Dienstleistungen, die Erfüllung unserer gegenüber Ihnen bestehenden vertraglichen Verpflichtungen und die sonstige Betreuung unserer Geschäftsbeziehung zu Ihnen;
Ihre Zahlung für Produkte und die Kundenbeziehung zu verwalten.
Ihre Kreditwürdigkeit im Zusammenhang mit Ihrer Bewerbung zu beurteilen, Ihre Identität und Ihre Kontaktdaten zu bestätigen und Sie und andere vor Betrug zu schützen.
die Bestätigung Ihrer Identität, auch durch Verwendung von elektronischen Signaturen, und die Verifizierung Ihrer persönlichen Angaben und Kontaktdaten;
nachzuweisen, dass Transaktionen ausgeführt wurden.
die Begründung, Ausübung oder Verteidigung eines Rechtsanspruchs oder von Inkassoverfahren.
die Einhaltung interner Verfahren.
zu beurteilen, welche Zahlungsmöglichkeiten und Dienstleistungen wir Ihnen anbieten, beispielsweise durch die Durchführung interner und externer Bonitätsprüfungen.
Kundenanalyse, Verwaltung unserer Dienste und interne Vorgänge, z.B. Fehlerbehebung, Datenanalyse, Tests, Forschung und statistische Zwecke.
mit Ihnen in Bezug auf unsere Dienste zu kommunizieren.
geltende Gesetze der EU und der Mitgliedstaaten einzuhalten, wie z.B. Gesetze zur Geldwäscheprävention und Buchungsaufbewahrung sowie Vorschriften, die von unseren benannten Banken und relevanten Kartennetzwerken herausgegeben werden.
Wir haben ein berechtigtes Interesse daran, sicherzustellen, dass PayPal ein sicherer Finanzdienstleister bleibt und weiterhin Dienstleistungen anbietet, die innovativ und von Interesse für Sie sind. Wir tun dies,
sofern unsere berechtigten Interessen nicht durch Ihr Recht auf Nichtverarbeitung Ihrer Daten zu diesem Zweck überwiegen
.
Zu diesen Aktivitäten gehört:
sicherzustellen, dass Inhalte auf die für Sie und Ihr Gerät effektivste Weise dargestellt werden.
den Missbrauch unserer Dienste im Rahmen unserer Bemühungen, unsere Plattform sicher und geschützt zu halten, zu verhindern.
die Ermittlung Ihrer Berechtigung zur Inanspruchnahme von Diensten, die für Sie von Interesse sein könnten, z.B. durch Vornahme interner Bonitätsprüfungen, und die damit verbundene Kommunikation mit Ihnen;
Risikoanalysen, Betrugsprävention und Risikomanagement durchzuführen.
die Weiterentwicklung unserer Dienste sowie allgemeine Geschäftsentwicklungszwecke, wie z.B. die Optimierung von Risikomodellen zur Betrugsreduzierung, die Entwicklung neuer Produkte und Funktionen und die Erschließung neuer Geschäftsmöglichkeiten;
die fortlaufende Aktualisierung Ihrer Konto- und Finanzdaten;
Marketing-, Produkt- und Kundenanalysen, einschließlich Tests, dazu gehören beispielsweise die Verbesserung unserer Produktpalette und die Optimierung unseres Kundenangebots.
Einhaltung des geltenden Rechts, wie z.B. der Gesetze zu Geldwäscheprävention und Buchführungspflichten sowie der aufsichtsrechtlichen Vorschriften über die Eigenkapitalanforderungen und der von unseren zuständigen Banken und relevanten Kartennetzwerken erlassenen Regeln. Zum Beispiel, wenn wir personenbezogene Daten zur Einhaltung der Know-Your-Customer-Voraussetzungen ("KYC") verarbeiten, um Geldwäsche, Terrorismusfinanzierung und Betrug zu vermeiden, zu erkennen und zu untersuchen. Wir führen auch Sanktionsprüfungen durch, melden Steuerbehörden, Polizeivollzugsbehörden, Vollstreckungsbehörden und Aufsichtsbehörden, wenn wir nicht durch EU-Recht und das Recht der Mitgliedstaaten dazu verpflichtet sind, aber wir nach Treu und Glauben davon ausgehen, dass die Weitergabe der Informationen erforderlich ist, um die geltenden Vorschriften einzuhalten.
die Ermöglichung Ihrer Teilnahme an Wettbewerben, Angeboten und Veranstaltungen;
Durchführung von Verpflichtungen zum Risikomanagement wie Kreditleistung und Qualität, Versicherungsrisiken und Erfüllung der Eigenkapitalanforderungen nach geltendem Recht.
die Verarbeitung von Daten über Ihre Kontakte, um Ihnen das Auffinden dieser Kontakte zu erleichtern und sich mit ihnen in Verbindung zu setzen, sowie die Verbesserung der Zahlungssicherheit;
indem Sie uns Daten über Ihre Kontakte übermitteln, erklären Sie, dass Sie befugt sind, diese Daten für die in dieser Datenschutzerklärung beschriebenen Zwecke an PayPal weiterzugeben;
Ihnen Informationen, Nachrichten und Werbung über unsere Dienste zur Verfügung zu stellen, einschließlich wo wir uns mit anderen zusammengetan haben, um ähnliche Dienstleistungen anzubieten.
Informationen über Sie zu assoziieren, um Ihre Nutzung der Dienste ohne PayPal-Konto zu identifizieren (z. B. Zahlung ohne PayPal-Konto) oder Markenlose Dienste (z.B. Braintree) und um solche Transaktionen mit Ihrem Konto zu verknüpfen, wenn Sie ein Konto haben oder später ein Konto einrichten.
die Speicherung Ihrer Präferenzen für die nächste Nutzung der Dienste, z.B. Ihre bevorzugte Zahlungsmethode oder ob Sie beim Bezahlen digitale Quittungen per E-Mail oder SMS erhalten möchten;
Wir sind nach dem EU- und dem Mitgliedstaaten-Recht gesetzlich dazu verpflichtet, bestimmte Verarbeitungstätigkeiten durchzuführen.
Wir tun dies, wenn dies erforderlich ist, um geltende Gesetze einzuhalten
.
Zu diesen Aktivitäten gehört:
die Bereitstellung unserer Dienste und Produkte;
die Bestätigung Ihrer Identität, auch zu Unterschriftszwecken, und die Überprüfung Ihrer persönlichen Angaben und Kontaktdaten;
die Begründung, Ausübung oder Verteidigung eines Rechtsanspruchs oder von Inkassoverfahren.
den Missbrauch unserer Dienste im Rahmen unserer Bemühungen, unsere Plattform sicher und geschützt zu halten, zu verhindern.
Risikoanalysen, Betrugsprävention und Risikomanagement durchzuführen.
geltendes Recht einzuhalten, wie z.B. die Gesetze zu Geldwäscheprävention und Buchführungspflichten sowie die aufsichtsrechtlichen Vorschriften über die Eigenkapitalanforderungen und die von unseren zuständigen Banken und relevanten Kartennetzwerken erlassenen Regeln. Zum Beispiel, wenn wir personenbezogene Daten zur Einhaltung der Know-Your-Customer-Voraussetzungen ("KYC") verarbeiten, um Geldwäsche, Terrorismusfinanzierung und Betrug zu vermeiden, zu erkennen und zu untersuchen. Ebenso führen wir Sanktionsprüfungen durch und machen Meldungen an Steuerbehörden, Polizeibehörden, Strafverfolgungsbehörden und Aufsichtsbehörden.
Wir stützen uns bei der Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten auf Ihre ausdrückliche und freiwillige Einwilligung,
damit Sie in den Genuss bestimmter Funktionen kommen können, die zwar für die Nutzung der Dienste nicht notwendig, für Sie jedoch möglicherweise von Interesse sind, wie z.B. die Synchronisierung Ihrer Kontaktliste mit Ihrem Konto, die Bereitstellung von biometrischen Daten, gezielte Werbung, die Verknüpfung Ihres E-Mail-Kontos für das Tracking von Paketen oder die Verbindung mit einer Plattform Dritter. Sie können Ihre Entscheidung über die Nutzung dieser Funktionen jederzeit in Ihren Kontoeinstellungen ändern. Bitte beachten Sie, dass der Widerruf Ihrer Einwilligung die Rechtmäßigkeit einer von uns vor dem Widerruf durchgeführten Verarbeitung nicht berührt. Weitere Informationen über Ihr Recht auf Widerruf Ihrer Einwilligung finden Sie in Abschnitt 10 (“
Ihre Datenschutzrechte
”).
6. Unter welchen Umständen geben wir personenbezogene Daten weiter
Wir geben Ihre personenbezogenen Daten an Dritte weiter, wenn eine Rechtsgrundlage dafür besteht.
Dies umfasst:
Andere PayPal-Unternehmen
, um Ihnen die Dienste bereitzustellen, sowie in unserem berechtigten Interesse an der Ausübung unserer Geschäftstätigkeit. Diese Interessen werden in Abschnitt 5 (
Welche personenbezogenen Daten verwendet werden und auf welchen Rechtsgrundlagen dies beruht
)
näher erläutert. Das PayPal-Unternehmen, das Ihre personenbezogenen Daten erhält, verarbeitet diese in Einklang mit dieser Datenschutzerklärung.
Behörden
, soweit wir rechtlich dazu verpflichtet sind. Dazu zählen Steuerbehörden, Polizeibehörden, Strafverfolgungsbehörden und Aufsichtsbehörden in den jeweils maßgeblichen Ländern. Wir können auch verpflichtet sein, zuständigen Behörden, wie beispielsweise den Finanzbehörden, Informationen über Ihre Nutzung unserer Dienste zur Verfügung zu stellen. Dies kann Ihren Namen, Ihre Adresse und Informationen zu Kartentransaktionen umfassen, die wir in Ihrem Auftrag über unsere Dienste abwickeln. Die Rechtsgrundlage für die Einhaltung von Offenlegungspflichten, die sich aus dem Recht der EU und der Mitgliedstaaten ergeben, ist die bestehende rechtliche Verpflichtung. Soweit die Offenlegung nicht auf dem Recht der EU und der Mitgliedstaaten beruht, ist die Rechtsgrundlage unser berechtigtes Interesse und die Einhaltung geltender Vorschriften zur Verhinderung widerrechtlichen Verhaltens.
Andere Finanzinstitute und Kartennetzwerke
, um die Zahlungsabwicklung zu erleichtern, gemeinsam ein Produkt anzubieten oder Karten Ihrer E-Börse hinzuzufügen. Die Rechtsgrundlage für die Offenlegung ist die Erfüllung des zwischen Ihnen und uns bestehenden Vertrags. Die betreffenden Parteien können auch für andere berechtigte Zwecke auf Ihre personenbezogenen Daten zugreifen, wie etwa Identitätsprüfung, Betrugsprävention und Risikomanagement. Die Rechtsgrundlage für diese Verarbeitung ist das berechtigte Interesse von uns und unseren Partnern, betrügerisches und rechtswidriges Verhalten zu verhindern.
Betrugsbekämpfungs- und Identitätsprüfungsbehörden
, zum Beispiel, um uns bei der Erkennung von Aktivitäten zu unterstützen, die auf Betrug hindeuten. Die Rechtsgrundlage für diese Verarbeitung ist das berechtigte Interesse von uns und unseren Partnern, betrügerisches und rechtswidriges Verhalten zu verhindern.
Inkassobüros
, beispielsweise um unbezahlte überfällige Forderungen durch Dritte wie ein Inkassobüro einzuziehen. Wir tun dies auf der Grundlage unseres berechtigten Interesses, Geschäfte zu tätigen und Schulden einzutreiben. Bitte beachten Sie, dass die Datenschutzerklärung dieser Parteien für die Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten gilt, die Sie ihnen direkt mitteilen, und dass sie Ihre unbezahlten Schulden Kreditauskunfteien melden können, was Ihre Kreditwürdigkeit oder Ihre Fähigkeit zur Sicherung zukünftiger Kredite beeinträchtigen kann.
Dienstanbieter
, die in unserem Auftrag und nach unseren Weisungen Dienstleistungen erbringen, die wir an sie ausgelagert haben, wie z.B. Marketing, IT-Entwicklung, Wartung, Hosting und Support sowie Kundenserviceleistungen. Die Rechtsgrundlage für diese Verarbeitung ist die Erfüllung unserer gegenüber Ihnen bestehenden Vertragspflichten.
Andere Nutzer, soweit dies ausweislich Ihrer Kontoeinstellungen zulässig ist
. Über Ihre Kontoeinstellungen können Sie anderen Nutzern bestimmte Informationen wie Ihr Profilfoto, Ihren Vor- und Nachnamen, Ihren Benutzernamen oder Ihren Wohnort anzeigen oder zugänglich machen. Die Rechtsgrundlage für diese Verarbeitung ist Ihre Einwilligung. Bitte beachten Sie, dass Sie Ihre Profileinstellungen jederzeit und kostenfrei ändern können.
Finanzinstitute in Verbindung mit Ihrer Teilnahme an Open Banking
, z.B. wenn Sie eine Kontoverbindung mit einer anderen Bank, einem Kartenkonto oder einem Aggregator einleiten. Wir prüfen daher, ob Sie über genügend Geld verfügen, oder bestätigen, dass Sie der Inhaber des Kontos sind. Wenn Sie Ihr Konto verknüpfen, ist die Rechtsgrundlage für den Zugriff auf Ihre Kontodaten die Erfüllung unserer vertraglichen Verpflichtungen gegenüber Ihnen.
Partner und Händler, deren Dienstanbieter und sonstige Transaktionsbeteiligte
. Wenn Sie beispielsweise die Dienste nutzen, um Online-Einkäufe zu tätigen, Zahlungen an andere Nutzer vorzunehmen oder Waren zurückzugeben, können wir Informationen über Sie und Ihr Konto an die anderen Parteien weitergeben, die an der Abwicklung Ihrer Transaktionen beteiligt sind. Die Rechtsgrundlage für diese Verarbeitung ist die Erfüllung unserer gegenüber Ihnen bestehenden Vertragspflichten sowie unser berechtigtes Interesse. Bitte beachten Sie, dass für personenbezogene Daten, die an Partner und Händler (oder deren Dienstanbieter) weitergegeben werden, welche an einer Transaktion beteiligt sind, die eigenen Datenschutzerklärungen und Verfahren der Partner und Händler gelten.
Externe, unabhängige Datenverantwortliche
, wenn wir beispielsweise personenbezogene Daten an Kreditauskunfteien, Erwerber und andere Finanzinstitute weitergeben oder an Sicherheitsprodukte, um zu verhindern, dass Bots auf unsere Dienste zugreifen können.
Bitte beachten Sie, dass für die Verarbeitung von personenbezogenen Daten, die Sie direkt an diese Parteien weitergeben, deren Datenschutzerklärungen gelten
. So verwenden wir beispielsweise reCAPTCHA von Google, um Missbrauch unserer Dienste zu verhindern, wenn Sie auf unsere PayPal-App zugreifen. Die
Datenschutzerklärung
und die
Nutzungsbedingungen
von Google gelten für die Verarbeitung von personenbezogenen Daten, die Sie an Google weitergeben. Weitere Informationen zu Kreditauskunfteien, mit denen wir zusammenarbeiten, um Ihre Kreditwürdigkeit zu bewerten, finden Sie in Abschnitt 12 (
Warum wir personenbezogene Daten an Kreditauskunfteien weitergeben
).
Käufer oder sonstige Weitergabe in Verbindung mit einer Geschäftsübertragung
. Wenn wir beispielsweise ein Geschäft oder Vermögenswerte veräußern, können wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten an einen Käufer dieses Geschäfts oder dieser Vermögenswerte weitergeben. Ebenso können personenbezogene Daten weitergegeben werden, wenn PayPal oder ein wesentlicher Teil des PayPal-Vermögens von einer dritten Partei erworben wird. PayPal hat ein berechtigtes Interesse daran, derartige Transaktionen durchführen zu können.
7. Wie lange Ihre personenbezogenen Daten von PayPal gespeichert werden
Wir speichern personenbezogene Daten so lange, wie es im Rahmen des Zwecks, für den sie erhoben wurden, und in Übereinstimmung mit dem geltenden Recht benötigt oder zulässig ist.
Die Kriterien für die Bestimmung der Aufbewahrungsfrist lauten:
Personenbezogene Daten, die für die laufende Beziehung zwischen Ihnen und PayPal genutzt werden, werden für die Dauer der Beziehung zuzüglich eines Zeitraums von zehn Jahren gespeichert
Personenbezogene Daten in Bezug auf eine rechtliche Verpflichtung, der wir unterliegen, werden im Einklang mit geltendem Recht aufbewahrt, wie z.B. gemäß geltendem Insolvenzrecht und AML-Verpflichtungen.
Wir speichern personenbezogene Daten so lange wie nötig, wenn die Aufbewahrung angesichts von Rechtsstreitigkeiten, Ermittlungen, Audit- und Compliance-Praktiken oder zum Schutz vor Rechtsansprüchen ratsam ist.
8. Internationale Übermittlung von personenbezogenen Daten
Da wir in zahlreichen Ländern tätig sind, kann es vorkommen, dass wir (oder unsere Dienstanbieter) Ihre Daten außerhalb des Landes, in dem Sie leben, übermitteln und verarbeiten. Um Ihre Daten in den Vereinigten Staaten und anderen Ländern zu verarbeiten und zu speichern, setzen wir externe Dienstanbieter ein. In den betreffenden Ländern ist nicht immer ein gleichwertiger Datenschutz gegeben. Wir haben daher konkrete Maßnahmen in Übereinstimmung mit dem Datenschutzrecht der EU und Großbritanniens getroffen, um Ihre personenbezogenen Daten zu schützen. Bei der Übermittlung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten zwischen PayPal-Unternehmen stützen wir uns auf von den zuständigen Aufsichtsbehörden genehmigte bindende Unternehmensregeln (abrufbar
hier
). Andere Übermittlungen erfolgen auf der Grundlage von Standardvertragsklauseln, die von der Europäischen Kommission genehmigt wurden, damit gewährleistet ist, dass Ihre Daten einen hohen Schutzstandard genießen und Ihre Datenschutzrechte gewahrt bleiben.
9. Wie wir Cookies und Tracking-Technologien verwenden
Wenn Sie mit unseren Diensten interagieren, E-Mails öffnen, die wir Ihnen senden, oder eine Website eines Drittanbieters besuchen, für die wir Dienste bereitstellen, verwenden wir und unsere Partner Cookies und andere Tracking-Technologien wie Pixel-Tags, Web-Beacons und Widgets (zusammen „
Cookies
“), um Sie als Benutzer zu erkennen, Ihre Online-Erfahrungen und Online-Inhalte anzupassen, einschließlich um Ihnen interessenbezogene Werbung bereitzustellen, Analysen durchzuführen, Risiken zu mindern und potenziellen Betrug zu verhindern und Vertrauen und Sicherheit auf unseren Websites und Diensten zu fördern. Bestimmte Aspekte und Funktionen unserer Dienste und Websites sind nur durch die Verwendung von Cookies verfügbar. Wenn Sie also bestimmte Cookies ablehnen, kann Ihre Nutzung der Websites und Dienste eingeschränkt oder nicht möglich sein.
Wir verwenden Cookies, um Ihre Geräteinformationen, Informationen zu Internetaktivitäten und Rückschlüsse wie oben beschrieben zu sammeln.
Cookies helfen uns, Folgendes zu tun:
Ihre Daten zu speichern, damit Sie sie nicht erneut eingeben müssen
Zu verfolgen und verstehen, wie Sie unsere Online-Dienste und E-Mails nutzen und mit ihnen interagieren
Unsere Online-Dienste an Ihre Einstellungen anzupassen
Zu messen, wie nützlich und effektiv unsere Dienste und Kommunikation für Sie sind
Unsere Produkte und Dienste zu verwalten und zu verbessern
Do Not Track (DNT) ist eine optionale Browser-Einstellung, mit der Sie Ihre Präferenzen bezüglich der Nachverfolgung Ihrer Handlungen im Internet durch Werbetreibende und andere Dritte festlegen können. Derzeit sind unsere Websites nicht darauf ausgelegt, auf DNT-Signale oder ähnliche Mechanismen von Browsern zu reagieren.
Näheres zu unserer Verwendung von Cookies erfahren Sie in unserer
Erklärung zu Cookies und Tracking-Technologien
.
10. Ihre Datenschutzrechte
Nach geltendem Datenschutzrecht haben Sie bestimmte Rechte, unsere Erfassung und Verwendung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten zu kontrollieren. Zu Ihren Rechten gehören:
Zugriff, Berichtigung, Löschung, Widerspruch, Übertragbarkeit und Einschränkung Ihrer Informationen
Wir erkennen an, wie wichtig es ist, dass Sie die Kontrolle über die Verwendung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten haben. Daher bieten wir Ihnen verschiedene Möglichkeiten, Ihre Rechte auf Zugriff, Auskunft, Berichtigung (durch Korrektur oder Aktualisierung), Löschung, Widerspruch, Übertragbarkeit und Einschränkung der Verarbeitung ganz oder teilweise auszuüben.
Wenn Sie ein Konto haben, können Sie Ihre Datenschutzrechte ausüben, indem Sie in den Kontoeinstellungen der PayPal-App auf "Daten und Datenschutz" zugreifen. Auch ohne Konto (z.B. wenn Sie die Funktion "Zahlung ohne PayPal-Konto" nutzen) können Sie in Bezug auf Daten zu Transaktionen, die mit der Funktion "Zahlung ohne PayPal-Konto" durchgeführt wurden, Auskunft, Änderung, Berichtigung oder Löschung verlangen. Ersuchen zu den Daten einer anderen Person können Sie einreichen, indem Sie sich mit uns in Verbindung setzen, sofern Sie ordnungsgemäß bevollmächtigt sind. Bitte beachten Sie, dass wir von Ihnen gegebenenfalls zusätzliche Verifizierungsinformationen anfordern.
Ihr Recht, den automatisierten Entscheidungen und der Profilerstellung zu widersprechen
Falls Sie im Rahmen der unten beschriebenen automatisierten Entscheidungen nicht zugelassen sind, haben Sie keinen Zugang zu unseren Dienstleistungen, wie beispielsweise unseren Zahlungsmethoden. PayPal verfügt über verschiedene Sicherheitsmechanismen, um die Angemessenheit der Entscheidungen zu gewährleisten. Zu diesen Mechanismen gehören laufende Überprüfungen unserer Entscheidungsmodelle und fallweise Stichproben. Wenn Sie bezüglich des Ergebnisses Bedenken haben, können Sie uns
kontaktieren
. Wir werden dann überprüfen, ob das Verfahren korrekt durchgeführt wurde.
Sie haben das Recht, einer automatisierten Entscheidung zu widersprechen, wenn deren Rechtsfolgen oder Ergebnisse geeignet sind, (zusammen mit dem entsprechenden Profiling) in sonstiger Weise erhebliche Auswirkungen auf Sie zu haben, indem Sie uns
kontaktieren
. Wir prüfen die Entscheidung sodann unter Berücksichtigung der zusätzlichen Umstände.
Zustimmung
Wenn wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten mit Ihrer Zustimmung verwenden, haben Sie im Allgemeinen das Recht, Ihre Zustimmung jederzeit zu widerrufen, ohne die Rechtmäßigkeit der Verarbeitung aufgrund der Zustimmung vor ihrem Widerruf zu beeinträchtigen.
Die Rechtmäßigkeit einer Verarbeitung, die vor Ihrem Widerruf stattgefunden hat, wird durch den Widerruf Ihrer Einwilligung nicht berührt. Das gleiche gilt für die Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten auf der Grundlage eines anderen Rechtsgrundes als Ihrer Einwilligung.
Widerspruchsrecht gegen Direktmarketing
Sofern wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten für Direktmarketingzwecke verwenden, können Sie jederzeit Ihre Berechtigungseinstellungen ändern, widersprechen und sich über den Abmeldelink in elektronischen Mitteilungen bzw. über Ihre Kontoeinstellungen von zukünftigen Direktmarketingnachrichten abmelden.
Widerspruchsrecht gegen die Verarbeitung berechtigter Interessen
Verwenden wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten zur Verfolgung berechtigter Interessen von uns oder einem Dritten, haben Sie das Recht, der Verwendung für diesen Zweck zu widersprechen. Näheres dazu finden Sie in Abschnitt 5 (
Welche personenbezogenen Daten verwendet werden und auf welchen Rechtsgrundlagen dies beruht
)
Wie nehmen Sie Ihre Rechte wahr, und wie können Sie uns oder die Datenschutzbehörde kontaktieren?
Wenn Sie aus irgendeinem Grund mit unserer Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten unzufrieden sind, haben Sie das Recht, eine Beschwerde bei der Aufsichtsbehörde für den Datenschutz in Ihrem Land einzureichen.
Unseren Datenschutzbeauftragten erreichen Sie online oder per Post unter PayPal (Europe) S.à.r.l. et Cie, S.C.A, 22-24 Boulevard Royal L-2449, Luxemburg.
Wenn Sie glauben, dass Ihre Rechte verletzt wurden, können Sie auch bei
den örtlichen Gerichten
Rechtsmittel einlegen.
Sie können auch bei der für uns zuständigen
führenden Aufsichtsbehörde für den Datenschutz
, der Nationalen Kommission für Datenschutz des Großherzogtums Luxemburg (CNPD), eine Beschwerde einreichen. Die betreffende Postanschrift lautet: Commission nationale pour la protection des données, Service des plaints, 15, Boulevard du Jazz, L-4370 Belvaux, Luxemburg.
Der Vertreter im Vereinigten Königreich kann per Post für alle Anfragen zum Datenschutz in Großbritannien bei Bird & Bird GDPR Representative UK, 12 New Fetter Lane, Holburn, London EC4A 1JP kontaktiert werden.
11. Nähere Informationen zu automatisierter Entscheidungsfindung und Profiling
"
Automatisierte Entscheidungsfindung
" ist der Prozess der vollautomatischen Entscheidungsfindung ohne menschliche Beteiligung. In einigen Fällen könnten diese Entscheidungen
rechtliche oder ähnlich erhebliche Auswirkungen
auf Sie als natürliche Person haben. "
Profiling
" bezeichnet Analysen der Persönlichkeit, des Verhaltens, des Interesses und der Gewohnheiten einer Person, um Vorhersagen oder Entscheidungen über sie zu treffen. Soweit dies nach dem Recht der EU oder der Mitgliedstaaten zulässig oder für den Abschluss oder die Erfüllung eines Vertrags erforderlich ist, können wir in einigen Fällen automatisierte Entscheidungsfindung oder Profiling für Entscheidungen verwenden. Ein Beispiel für unseren Einsatz automatisierter Entscheidungsfindung ist die Bewertung Ihrer Kreditwürdigkeit, um Ihre Eignung für bestimmte Kreditprodukte zu beurteilen.
Wir glauben, dass PayPal durch das automatische Treffen solcher Entscheidungen seine Objektivität und Transparenz bei der Entscheidung, welche Dienste Ihnen angeboten werden, erhöht. Wir setzen mehrere Sicherheitsmechanismen ein, um sicherzustellen, dass die Entscheidungen angemessen sind. Zu diesen Mechanismen gehören laufende Übersichten unserer Entscheidungsmodelle und Stichproben im Einzelfall. Sie können stattdessen jederzeit eine manuelle Entscheidungsfindung verlangen, Ihre Meinung äußern oder eine Entscheidungsfindung anfechten, die ausschließlich auf einer automatisierten Verarbeitung, einschließlich Profiling, beruht, wenn eine solche Entscheidung
rechtliche Wirkung entfaltet oder Sie in ähnlicher Weise erheblich beeinträchtigt
. Weitere Informationen darüber, wie Sie diesen Entscheidungen widersprechen können, finden Sie in Abschnitt 10
("Ihre Datenschutzrechte")
.
Wenden Sie sich
online
an unseren Datenschutzbeauftragten, wenn Sie mehr über die Nutzung von automatisierter Entscheidungsfindung oder Profiling erfahren möchten.
12. Warum wir personenbezogene Daten an Kreditauskunfteien weitergeben
Haben Sie einen Kredit beantragt oder nutzen Sie unsere Kreditdienste, können wir zur Bearbeitung Ihres Antrags Ihre personenbezogenen Daten an Kreditauskunfteien weitergeben, die uns Informationen über Sie geben, wie z.B. Ihre Finanzhistorie. Dies geschieht, um Kreditwürdigkeit und Produkteignung zu beurteilen, Ihre Identität zu überprüfen, offene Forderungen zu ermitteln und einzuziehen sowie kriminelle Handlungen zu verhindern.
Die Rechtsgrundlagen für diese Übermittlungen finden sich in Art. 6 Abs. 1 Buchstabe b (vertraglich) und Art. 6 Abs. 1 Buchstabe f (berechtigtes Interesse) der EU-Datenschutzgrundverordnung ("EU-DSGVO").
Wir werden auch weiterhin laufend Informationen über Sie mit Kreditauskunfteien austauschen, einschließlich über Ihre beglichenen Konten und alle Schulden, die nicht rechtzeitig vollständig zurückgezahlt wurden. Diese Informationen können von CRAs an andere Organisationen weitergegeben werden, um ähnliche Überprüfungen durchzuführen und Ihren Aufenthaltsort zu ermitteln und Schulden einzutreiben.
Ihre Daten werden auch mit den Daten aller gemeinsamen Bewerber oder anderer Finanzpartner verknüpft.
So erfahren Sie mehr
Wenden Sie sich
online
an unseren Datenschutzbeauftragten, wenn Sie mehr darüber erfahren möchten, welche Kreditauskunfteien wir für eine bestimmte Suche eingesetzt haben.
Hier
finden Sie die Liste der in Großbritannien und dem EWR genutzten Kreditauskunfteien, einschließlich der Identitäten der in den jeweiligen Ländern genutzten Kreditauskunfteien und eines Links zu deren Datenschutzerklärung, aus der Sie entnehmen können, wie diese personenbezogene Daten verwenden und weitergeben, einschließlich der Dauer der Speicherung dieser personenbezogenen Daten. Sie können sich an die Kreditauskunfteien, die im Land Ihres Wohnsitzes tätig sind, direkt wenden, wenn Sie Fragen zu deren Dienstleistungen, Ihrem Kreditscore oder zu den über Sie gespeicherten Daten haben. Das gleiche gilt, wenn Sie gegenüber den Kreditauskunfteien Ihre Rechte als betroffene Person ausüben möchten.
13. Wie wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten schützen
Wir führen technische, physische und administrative Sicherheitsmaßnahmen durch, um Ihre personenbezogenen Daten angemessen vor Verlust, Missbrauch, unbefugtem Zugriff, Weitergabe und Änderung zu schützen. Zu diesen Sicherheitsmaßnahmen gehören Firewalls, Datenverschlüsselung, physische Zugangsbeschränkungen für unsere Rechenzentren und Berechtigungskontrollen für den Zugriff auf Daten. Wir sorgen für die Sicherung unserer Systeme und Dienste. Für die Sicherheit und die Geheimhaltung Ihres Passworts bzw. Ihrer Passwörter und Ihres Kontoprofils bzw. Ihrer Anmeldedaten sind Sie jedoch selbst verantwortlich. Darüber hinaus liegt es in Ihrer Verantwortung zu prüfen, dass die personenbezogenen Daten, die wir über Sie besitzen, richtig und auf dem aktuellen Stand sind. Wir haften nicht für den Schutz personenbezogener Daten, die wir auf Grundlage einer von Ihnen autorisierten Kontoverknüpfung an Dritte weitergeben.
14. Können Kinder unsere Dienste nutzen?
Wir erfassen wissentlich keine Informationen, einschließlich personenbezogener Daten, von Kindern unter 16 Jahren oder anderen Personen, die rechtlich nicht in der Lage sind, unsere Websites und Dienste zu nutzen. Wenn wir tatsächliche Kenntnis davon erhalten, dass wir personenbezogene Daten von jemandem erhoben haben, der unsere Dienste nicht nutzen darf, werden wir diese unverzüglich löschen, es sei denn, wir sind gesetzlich verpflichtet, diese Daten aufzubewahren.
Bitte
kontaktieren Sie uns
, wenn Sie glauben, dass wir irrtümlich oder unbeabsichtigt Daten von jemandem erhoben haben, der zur Nutzung unserer Dienste nicht berechtigt ist.
15. Aktualisierungen dieser Datenschutzerklärung
Diese Datenschutzerklärung wird von Zeit zu Zeit überarbeitet, um Änderungen an unserer Geschäftstätigkeit, unseren Diensten oder den geltenden Gesetzen Rechnung zu tragen. Wenn nach geltendem Recht auf die überarbeitete Fassung hinzuweisen ist, informieren wir Sie 30 Tage im Voraus durch Bekanntgabe der Änderung auf der Seite
AGB-Aktualisierungen
oder der Seite
Datenschutzerklärung
. Andernfalls wird die überarbeitete Datenschutzerklärung ab dem angegebenen Startdatum wirksam.
16. Hinweis zu Bankvorschriften für Nutzer im EWR und in Großbritannien
In der Regel verlangt das luxemburgische Recht, dem PayPal (in Bezug auf Datenschutz und Bankgeheimnis) unterliegt, einen höheren Grad an Transparenz als die meisten anderen Rechtsordnungen in der EU. Im Gegensatz zu den meisten Anbietern von Internet- oder Finanzdienstleistungen in der EU listen wir daher in dieser Datenschutzerklärung die Drittanbieter und Geschäftspartner, die Dienstleistungen für uns erbringen und denen gegenüber wir Ihre Daten offenlegen, sowie den Zweck der Offenlegung und die Art der offengelegten Daten auf. Einen Link zu diesen Drittanbietern finden Sie
hier
. Dadurch, dass Sie diese Datenschutzerklärung annehmen und ein Konto bei PayPal haben, willigen Sie ausdrücklich in die Übermittlung Ihrer Daten an diese Drittanbieter für die aufgeführten Zwecke ein.
PayPal kann die oben genannte Drittanbieterliste am ersten Werktag eines jeden Quartals (d.h. im Januar, April, Juli und Oktober) aktualisieren. PayPal beginnt erst 30 Tage nach dem Datum der Veröffentlichung der Liste innerhalb der Datenschutzerklärung mit der Übermittlung von Daten an eines der in der jeweiligen Aktualisierung neu aufgeführten Unternehmen oder für die dort neu aufgeführten Zwecke oder Datentypen. Sie sollten sich in jedem Quartal zu den oben genannten Terminen auf der PayPal-Website erneut mit der Liste vertraut machen. Wenn Sie der neuen Form der Datenübertragung nicht innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach Veröffentlichung der aktualisierten Drittanbieterliste widersprechen, gelten die Änderungen der Liste und dieser Datenschutzerklärung als von Ihnen angenommen. Sind Sie mit den Änderungen nicht einverstanden, steht es Ihnen frei, Ihr Konto zu schließen und unsere Dienste nicht mehr zu nutzen.
Um die PayPal-Dienste bereitstellen zu können, müssen wir möglicherweise bestimmte Daten, die wir (wie in dieser Datenschutzerklärung dargelegt) erhoben haben, an andere mit PayPal verbundene Unternehmen oder sonstige Stellen übermitteln, einschließlich solcher, die gemäß diesem Abschnitt eine Funktion als Zahlungsdienstleister, Zahlungsanbieter oder Kontoinhaber (oder ähnliche Funktionen) erfüllen. Sie erkennen an, dass diese Stellen in ihren jeweiligen Rechtsordnungen Gesetzen, Vorschriften, Untersuchungen, Ermittlungen oder Anordnungen unterworfen sein können, durch die sie zur Weitergabe von Daten an die zuständigen Behörden des betreffenden Landes verpflichtet sind. Durch die Nutzung der PayPal-Dienste willigen Sie in die Übermittlung solcher Daten durch uns zum Zweck der Bereitstellung der PayPal-Dienste an Sie ein.
Insbesondere stimmen Sie allen folgenden Datenverarbeitungsmaßnahmen zu und weisen PayPal an, diese vorzunehmen:
a. Offenlegung notwendiger Informationen gegenüber der Polizei und anderen Strafverfolgungsbehörden, Sicherheitskräften, zuständigen staatlichen, zwischenstaatlichen oder überstaatlichen Stellen, zuständigen Behörden, Abteilungen, Aufsichtsbehörden, Selbstregulierungsbehörden oder -organisationen (einschließlich der
hier
im Abschnitt "Behörden" der Drittanbieterliste genannten Stellen) und anderen Dritten, einschließlich Unternehmen der PayPal-Gruppe, (i) deren Weisungen wir gesetzlich verpflichtet und befugt sind, einzuhalten, unter anderem aufgrund der luxemburgischen Gesetze vom 24. Juli 2015 über das US-amerikanische Gesetz zur Einhaltung der Steuervorschriften für Auslandskonten ("FATCA-Gesetz") und vom 18. Dezember 2015 über die einvernehmlich festgelegten Standards für die Berichterstattung der OECD ("CRS-Gesetz"), (ii) bei denen wir Grund zu der Annahme haben, dass die Kooperation mit ihnen bei der Untersuchung von Betrugsfällen oder sonstigen tatsächlichen oder mutmaßlichen widerrechtlichen Aktivitäten geboten ist, oder (iii) zur Ermittlung von Verstößen gegen unsere Nutzungsbedingungen (dies gilt auch für Ihre Zahlungsquelle oder Ihren Kredit- oder Debitkartenanbieter).
Wenn Sie in den Geltungsbereich des FATCA- oder des CRS-Gesetzes fallen, sind wir dazu verpflichtet, Sie über die Weitergabe von Daten an die jeweiligen Behörden zu unterrichten. Informieren Sie sich über die Verpflichtungen von PayPal nach dem FATCA- und dem CRS-Gesetz sowie darüber, welche Auswirkungen diese Verpflichtungen für Sie haben können und welche Informationen wir gegebenenfalls im Zuge dieser Verpflichtungen weitergeben.
Wir und weitere Organisationen, einschließlich von Unternehmen, die Zahlungen über PayPal akzeptieren, können notwendige Daten (darunter auch Daten, die von Betrugsbekämpfungsstellen aufgezeichnet wurden, und Daten aus anderen Ländern) zum Zwecke der Bewertung und Verwaltung von Risiken (wie z.B. zur Verhinderung von Betrug, Geldwäsche und Terrorismusfinanzierung) weitergeben, nutzen und auf sie zugreifen. Bitte wenden Sie sich an uns, wenn Sie weitere Informationen über die jeweiligen Betrugsbekämpfungsstellen wünschen. Klicken Sie
hier
, um weitere Informationen zu diesen Behörden, den Betrugsbekämpfungsstellen und sonstigen Dritten zu erhalten.
b. Offenlegung von Kontoinformationen gegenüber Inhabern von geistigem Eigentum, wenn diese nach dem maßgeblichen nationalen Recht eines EU-Mitgliedstaates einen außergerichtlichen Auskunftsanspruch gegen PayPal aufgrund einer Verletzung ihrer geistigen Eigentumsrechte haben, bei der PayPal-Dienste genutzt wurden (zum Beispiel § 19, Absatz 2, Unterabsatz 3 des deutschen Markengesetzes oder § 101, Absatz 2, Unterabsatz 3 des deutschen Urheberrechtsgesetzes).
c. Obligatorische Offenlegung aufgrund von Kreditkartenbestimmungen oder in straf- oder zivilrechtlichen Verfahren.
d. Offenlegung Ihres Namens und PayPal-Links im PayPal-Benutzerverzeichnis. Ihre Daten werden anderen PayPal-Kunden angezeigt, wenn diese eine Suche anhand Ihres Namens, Ihrer E-Mail-Adresse oder Telefonnummer oder eines Teils dieser Angaben durchführen. Dadurch soll sichergestellt werden, dass Zahlungen an den richtigen Empfänger erfolgen. Diese Funktion kann in den PayPal-Profileinstellungen deaktiviert werden.
e. Nutzen Sie als Händler einen Dritten für den Zugriff auf PayPal oder die Integration von PayPal, können wir notwendige Informationen an diesen Dritten zur Umsetzung und Verwaltung der betreffenden Vereinbarungen weitergeben (darunter den Status Ihrer PayPal-Integration, ob Sie ein aktives PayPal-Konto haben und ob Sie bereits mit einem anderen PayPal-Integrationspartner arbeiten).
f. Offenlegung notwendiger Daten gegenüber Zahlungsanbietern, Wirtschaftsprüfern, Kundenservice-Anbietern, Kreditauskunfteien und Betrugsbekämpfungsstellen, Anbietern von Finanzprodukten, Handelspartnern, Marketing- und PR-Unternehmen, Anbietern von operativen Dienstleistungen, Konzerngesellschaften, Agenturen, Marktplätzen und sonstigen Dritten, die
hier
aufgeführt sind. Zweck der Offenlegung ist die Bereitstellung der PayPal-Dienste an Sie. In der Drittanbieterliste haben wir außerdem unter jeder Kategorie nicht abschließende Beispiele von Drittanbietern (einschließlich deren Abtretungsempfängern und Rechtsnachfolgern) aufgeführt, gegenüber denen eine Offenlegung Ihrer Kontoinformationen derzeit tatsächlich stattfindet oder in Betracht gezogen werden kann. Neben dem Zweck der Offenlegung haben wir auch die offengelegten Informationen angegeben (soweit nicht anders angegeben, ist es diesen Drittanbietern gesetzlich bzw. vertraglich untersagt, die Informationen für einen anderen als den vorgesehenen Zweck zu nutzen).
g. Offenlegung erforderlicher Daten gegenüber Ihren Vertretern bzw. Verfahrensbevollmächtigten (z.B. dem Inhaber einer von Ihnen erteilten Vollmacht oder einem für Sie bestellten Vormund).
h. Offenlegung von zusammengefassten Statistikdaten an unsere Geschäftspartner oder PR-Partner. Wir können beispielsweise offenlegen, dass ein bestimmter Prozentsatz unserer Kunden in einer bestimmten Stadt lebt. Diese zusammengefassten Daten enthalten keine personenbezogenen Daten.
i. Weitergabe notwendiger Kontoinformationen an nicht mit uns verbundene (
hier
aufgeführte) Drittanbieter zu folgenden Zwecken:
Betrugsprävention und Risikosteuerung: Prävention von Betrug sowie Bewertung und Steuerung von Risiken.
Kundenservice: zu Zwecken des Kundenservice, einschließlich der Betreuung Ihrer Konten oder zur Klärung von Konflikten (z.B. in Bezug auf Rechnungen oder Transaktionen).
Versand: im Zusammenhang mit dem Versand und darauf bezogenen Dienstleistungen bei Käufen, die mit PayPal getätigt wurden.
Einhaltung gesetzlicher Vorschriften: zur Unterstützung der Verifizierungsanforderungen bei der Bekämpfung von Geldwäsche und Terrorismusfinanzierung.
Dienstleister: um die mit uns vertraglich verbundenen Dienstleister in die Lage zu versetzen, uns bei geschäftlichen Vorgängen wie z.B. Betrugsprävention, Inkassomaßnahmen, Marketing, Kundenservice und Technologiedienstleistungen zu unterstützen. Diese Dienstleister werden von uns vertraglich verpflichtet, Ihre Daten nur für die Dienstleistungen zu verwenden, die sie für uns erbringen, nicht jedoch zu ihrem eigenen Nutzen.
17. Begriffsbestimmungen
Gerätedaten bezieht sich auf Daten, die automatisch von einem beliebigen Gerät erfasst werden können, das für den Zugriff auf die Seite oder Dienste verwendet wird. Zu diesen Daten gehören unter anderem Ihr Gerätetyp, die Netzwerkverbindungen Ihres Geräts, Name und IP-Adresse Ihres Geräts, Informationen zum Webbrowser Ihres Geräts und zur Internetverbindung, mit denen Sie auf die Seiten oder Dienste zugreifen, Geolokalisierungsdaten, Informationen zu Apps, die auf Ihr Gerät heruntergeladen wurden, sowie biometrische Daten.
Geolokalisierungsinformationen sind Informationen, die Ihren Standort mit präziser Genauigkeit identifizieren, indem sie beispielsweise Längen- und Breitengradkoordinaten verwenden, die Sie über Ihr GPS oder Ihre Geräteeinstellungen erhalten.
Standortinformationen sind Informationen, die mit angemessener Genauigkeit Ihren ungefähren Standort identifizieren, indem beispielsweise Längen- und Breitengradkoordinaten verwendet werden, die durch GPS oder Wi-Fi oder Triangulation von Mobilfunkstandorten erhalten werden.
Partner bezeichnet den Händler oder das Unternehmen, mit dem unsere Benutzer Geschäfte tätigen, um Waren oder Dienstleistungen zu erhalten.
Bezahlen ohne PayPal-Konto hat dieselbe Bedeutung wie in den
Nutzungsbedingungen für Zahlungen ohne PayPal-Konto
.
PayPal-Unternehmen bedeuten Unternehmen, die Sich im Besitz von PayPal befinden und personenbezogene Daten gemäß ihren Nutzungsbedingungen und Datenschutzrichtlinien verarbeiten. PayPal Unternehmen sind Honey Science LLC, Paidy Inc., Happy Returns, LLC, HyperWallet und Braintree.
Personenbezogene Daten bezeichnet Informationen, die einer identifizierten oder direkt oder indirekt identifizierbaren natürlichen Person zugeordnet werden können. Zu "personenbezogenen Daten" zählen beispielsweise Name, Postanschrift (einschließlich Rechnungs- und Lieferadresse), Telefonnummer, E-Mail-Adresse, Zahlungskartennummer, sonstige Kontoinformationen, Kontonummer, Geburtsdatum, Daten aus amtlichen Ausweisen (z.B. Führerscheinnummer, Personalausweisnummer, Reisepassnummer) und biometrische Daten.
Verarbeitung bezeichnet jede Methode oder Art und Weise, wie wir mit personenbezogenen Daten oder Sätzen personenbezogener Daten umgehen, sei es durch automatisierte Mittel, wie z.B. durch Erhebung, Aufzeichnung, Kategorisierung, Strukturierung, Speicherung, Anpassung oder Änderung, Abruf und Konsultation, Verwendung, Offenlegung durch Übertragung, Verbreitung oder anderweitige Bereitstellung, Abgleich oder Kombination, Einschränkung, Löschung oder Vernichtung von personenbezogenen Daten.
Dienste bezeichnet alle Zahlungsdienste mit oder ohne die Markenbezeichnung "PayPal", die Funktion "Bezahlen ohne PayPal-Konto", Kreditprodukte und -dienste, Inhalte, Merkmale, Technologien oder Funktionen sowie alle zugehörigen Websites, Anwendungen und Dienste, die Ihnen von PayPal angeboten werden. Zur Nutzung der Dienste zählt auch die Nutzung unserer Website.
Seiten bezieht sich auf die Websites, mobilen Apps, offiziellen Social-Media-Plattformen oder andere Online-Tools, über die PayPal die Dienste anbietet und die diese Datenschutzerklärung veröffentlicht haben oder mit ihr verlinkt sind.
Markenlose Zahlungsdienste bedeutet, dass Sie mit Händlern interagieren und Zahlungen an diese leisten, indem Sie unsere Kartenzahlungsdienste verwenden, die nicht die Marke PayPal tragen.
Nutzer ist jede Person, die die Dienste als Verbraucher für den persönlichen oder Haushaltsgebrauch nutzt. Für die Zwecke dieser Mitteilung enthält "Benutzer" "Sie" und "Ihr".
18. Unsere Kontaktdaten
Unseren Datenschutzbeauftragten erreichen Sie
online
oder offline unter PayPal (Europe) S.à r.l. et Cie, S.C.A, 22-24 Boulevard Royal L-2449, Luxemburg.
Wenn Sie
Einwohner des Vereinigten Königreichs
sind, wenden Sie sich an unseren Vertreter bei Bird & Bird GDPR Representative UK, 12 New Fetter Lane, Holburn, London EC4A 1JP.
Klicken Sie
hier
, um uns wegen Ihres PayPal-Kontos oder des PayPal-Kundenservices zu kontaktieren.
Klicken Sie
hier
, um uns wegen Ihres Xoom-Kontos oder des Xoom-Kundenservices zu kontaktieren.
Sub-policy 1
https://www.hyperwallet.com/privacy-policy/:
Skip to content
Privacy
Policy
Hyperwallet Privacy Policy
Effective Date: 11 December 2024
1. Overview
This Privacy Policy applies to Hyperwallet, which is operated by members of the PayPal group of companies around the world, and aims to provide you with sufficient information regarding our use of your Personal Information when you visit our Sites, apply for, or use our products and services (collectively, the “Services”). We encourage you to read this Privacy Policy and to use it to help you make informed decisions. For the purpose of the data protection regulations applicable in the EEA, the data controller is PayPal (Europe) S.à r.l. et Cie, S.C.A, is a duly licensed Luxembourg credit institution under Article 2 of the law of 5 April 1993 on the financial sector, as amended, and under the prudential supervision of the Luxembourg supervisory authority, the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier.
For the purpose of the data protection regulations applicable in the UK, the data controller is PayPal UK Ltd. PayPal UK Ltd is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) as an electronic money institution (firm reference number 994790); in relation to its regulated consumer credit activities (firm reference number 996405); and for the provision of cryptocurrency services (firm reference number 1000741). Some products and services, such as PayPal Pay in 3 and PayPal Working Capital, are not regulated by the FCA and may offer a lower level of protection. Please read product terms for further details. PayPal UK Ltd’s company number is 14741686. Its registered office is 5 Fleet Place, London, United Kingdom, EC4M 7RD.
Some of the third parties that we disclose Personal Information with are independent data controllers. This means that we are not the ones that dictate how the data that we disclose will be processed. Examples are regulatory authorities, credit bureaus, acquirers, and other financial institutions. Please refer to the “Do We Disclose Personal Information, and why?” section for more information about the categories of data controllers we disclose your Personal Information to. When your data is disclosed with independent data controllers, their data policies will apply. We encourage you to read their privacy policies and know your privacy rights before interacting with them. Certain capitalized terms that are not otherwise defined in the Statement are explained in Section 11 (
“Definitions”
). We revise this Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect changes to our business, Services, or applicable laws. If the revised version requires notice in accordance with applicable law, we will provide you with 30 days prior notice by posting notice of the change on the “Privacy Policy” page of our Sites, otherwise the revised Privacy Policy will be effective as of the published effective date.
2. Non-Account Holders
Our Services may be accessed by individuals without a Hyperwallet account or profile. We will collect Personal Information from you even if you are a non-account holder when you use our Services, such as when you receive a payment through our Services from account holders (“Recipient”). We may connect this information with your account, if you have one at the time you use the Service without logging in, or if you create an account later.
3. Categories of Personal Information We Collect
Categories of Personal Information collected from you, including from your interactions with us and use of the Services:
Personal Identifiers:
Such as name, Business Name, Address, Phone Number, Email, IP address, Device Information, information collected from cookies or other tracking technologies, other information necessary to establish an account
Records and Financial Information:
Such as bank account and routing numbers, credit and debit card information, amount you send or request, or other financial information
Commercial Information:
Such as the payout amount, payor information, and the record of the Services
Internet or network activity:
interactions with our Services, information about response time for web pages, download errors, date and time when you used the service, Location Information, such as your IP address, statistics regarding how pages are loaded or viewed, the websites you visited before coming to the Sites and other usage and browsing information collected through Cookies (“Technical Usage Data”)
Biometric:
When you consent in the user experience, we collect voice identification or face scans to authenticate your account
Audio, electronic, visual, or similar information:
Call recordings when you talk to customer service
Professional or employment information:
Including business information, contact emails, phone numbers and taxpayer ID numbers
Account Profile Information:
including username, profile picture, gender, or personal description which you add that may include sensitive Personal Information
Information you provide when you contact us:
Your response to surveys, recorded conversations, chat conversations with us, email correspondence with us, account status, repayment history, voice identification, and information about others if you choose to disclose it to us
Inferred data:
We may infer information about you such as your preferences based on your transactions and interactions with our Sites and Services
Characteristics of Protected Classifications:
including age or date of birth, national origin, disability, citizenship, or military status
Sensitive Personal Information:
Social Security number, government-issued identification, bank account and routing numbers, credit and debit card information, voice identification and photo IDs
Information from your device:
including, language settings, browser ID, cookie preferences, time zone, operating system, platform, screen resolution and similar information about your device settings, or data collected from cookies or other tracking technologies
We may also obtain the above categories of Personal Information from the following categories of sources:
Hyperwallet or PayPal Companies
Third parties: including Service Providers, Partners and Merchants, Payment Partners, such as card networks and payment processors, Credit Reporting Agencies, Government Entities, Data Brokers, and Financial Institutions
Connected Accounts: Non-financial or financial accounts you agree to link to Hyperwallet, such as social network accounts, mail accounts or for open banking. You may change your mind about use of this feature and unlink your connected accounts at any time. If you choose to link these accounts or share such information with us, we will periodically collect and process it until you disconnect the account
Third Party Applications: Applications that you choose to use for example, the Apple App Store, Google Play Store, or social networking sites
4. How is Personal Information used
We may process your Personal Information for a variety of reasons, including to comply with law, to perform a contract with you (including to provide our Services), and for our legitimate interests (for example, security and fraud prevention).
We may also use Personal Information with your consent to participate in certain features that while not necessary for use of the Services may be of interest to you, such as targeted advertising to our Partners and Merchants, or connecting to a third-party platform. You can withdraw your consent at any time free of charge. Note that withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we have conducted prior to your withdrawal.
We may collect Personal Information to:
Provide our Services: such as to help you send or request money, initiate a payment, add monetary value to an account, pay a bill, administer your payment, show you your account information, to assess your creditworthiness in connection with our Services, confirm your identity and your contact information, to authenticate your access to your account and to confirm your Account and financial information is accurate and up to date.
Manage and improve our Services: for example, to develop new products and features, for customer analysis, to administer our Services, and for internal operations, for example troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, and statistical purposes
Manage fraud and risk: We conduct risk analysis, fraud prevention and risk management to protect our customers and business, including fraud that involves our Partners and Merchants and strategic ventures.
Market our Services: We may use Personal Information to market our Services including where we partner with others to offer similar services to market about our Partners and Merchants. We use Personal Information to better understand and cater to your interests.
Communicate with you: We may contact you when you need us, such as answering a question you sent to our customer service team.
Comply with Laws: to comply with applicable laws and rules and enforce our agreements with you and other people who use our Services.
Create an account connection between your Account and a third-party account or platform: such as with a social media account or a financial institution in connection with your participation in Open Banking.
Send you locally relevant options: If you agree to let us track your location, we can enhance your security of our Services and customize our Services by using the right language and personalizing content such as providing location-specific options, functionality or offers, ads and search results.
Remember your preferences: We may remember your preferences for the next time you use the Services.
Personalize your experience: When you use Services, as well as other third-party sites and services we might use tracking technologies like cookies. See our Cookie Statement in the
How Do We Use Cookies and Tracking Technologies?
section for more details.
5. Do We Disclose Personal Information, and why?
We do not sell Personal Information to third parties for money or share your Personal Information for cross context behavioural advertising, including any Sensitive Personal Information.
However, we will disclose your Personal Information with third parties to help us provide Services, protect our customers from risk and fraud, market our products, and comply with legal obligations. In addition, we may disclose Personal Information to:
Hyperwallet
and
PayPal Companies
, including our brands such as Venmo to provide you with the Services and to manage our business.
Authorities, when accompanied by a subpoena or other legal documentation that requires Hyperwallet or PayPal Companies to respond. Such authorities include courts, governments, law enforcement, and regulators. We may also be required to provide other third parties information about your use of our Services, for example to comply with card association rules, to investigate or enforce violations of our user agreement or to prevent physical harm or illegal activity.
Other financial institutions, to jointly offer a product.
Card networks and payment processors, to facilitate payment processing.
Fraud prevention and identity verification agencies, for example to assist us in detecting activities suggestive of fraud.
Credit reporting and debt collection agencies, for example to collect unpaid overdue debts through a third party such as a debt collection agency.
Service providers that operate at our direction and on our behalf to perform services we outsource to them, such as processing payments, marketing, research, compliance, audits, corporate governance, communications, IT development, maintenance, hosting and support and customer service operations.
Connected accounts, for example any social media accounts you asked us to connect or when you initiate an Account connection with another bank or financial institutions, card account, or aggregator in connection with your participation in Open Banking, so we can check if you have sufficient funds or confirm your ownership of the account.
Partners and Merchants, their service providers and others involved in a transaction, for example when you use the Services we may disclose information about you and your Account with the other parties (or their service providers) involved in processing your transactions. Please note that Personal Information disclosed to Partners and Merchants (or their service providers) involved in a transaction is subject to the Partners and Merchants own privacy policy and procedures.
Other third parties, for example we disclose Personal Information to advertising platforms at your direction, or security service providers to help prevent unauthorized access to our Services. Please be aware that these parties’ privacy policy applies to the Personal Information that you disclose directly to them. For example, we use Google’s reCAPTCHA to prevent misuse of our Services, when you access our mobile application. We may also use Google Address Autofill to ensure accuracy of your address. Google’s
Privacy Policy
and
Terms of Use
apply to the Personal Information you disclose to them.
Buyers or in connection with business transfer, for example if we are involved in a merger, a purchase or sale of all or part of our business or assets, we may disclose your Personal Information to a buyer of those business or assets. If Hyperwallet or a significant portion of Hyperwallet’s assets are acquired by a third party, Personal Information may also be disclosed.
We may disclose your sensitive personal information as appropriate to carry out legitimate business activities allowed by law.
6. How long does Hyperwallet store your Personal Information?
We retain Personal Information for as long as needed or permitted in context of the purpose for which it was collected and consistent with applicable law.
The criteria used to determine our retention period is as follows:
Personal Information used for the ongoing relationship between you and Hyperwallet is stored for the duration of the relationship plus a period of 10 years, unless we need to keep it longer, such as:
a legal obligation or compliance with laws to which we are subject is retained consistent with the applicable law, such as under applicable bankruptcy laws and AML obligations
litigation, investigations, audit and compliance practices, or to protect against legal claims.
7. How Do We Use Cookies and Tracking Technologies?
When you interact with our Services, open email we send you, or visit a third-party website for which we provide Services, we and our partners use cookies and other tracking technologies such as pixel tags, web beacons, and widgets (collectively, “Cookies”) to recognize you as a user, customize your online experiences and online content, including to serve you interest-based advertising, perform analytics; mitigate risk and prevent potential fraud, and promote trust and safety across our Services.
We use Cookies to collect your device information, internet activity information, and inferences as described above.
Our Cookies and similar technologies have different functions. We may use cookies or other technologies that are necessary to the operation of our Sites, Services, applications, and tools. Cookies and similar technologies can also be used for our advertising purposes, if you consent. This includes technologies that allow You access to our Sites, Services, applications, and tools; that are required to identify irregular site behaviour, prevent fraudulent activity, facilitate transactions and improve security; or that allow you to make use of our functions.
Certain aspects and features of our Services and Sites are only available through the use of Cookies, so if you choose to disable or decline Cookies through your device or browser settings, your use of the Sites and Services may be limited or not possible.
Where appropriate, security measures are set in place to prevent unauthorized access to our Cookies and similar technologies. A unique identifier ensures that only we and/or our authorized service providers have access to Cookie data.
Service providers are companies that help us with various aspects of our business, such as Sites operations, Services, applications, advertisements and tools. We may use some authorized service providers to help us to serve you relevant ads on our Services and other places on the internet. These service providers may also place Cookies on Your device via our Services (third-party Cookies). They may also collect information that helps them identify Your device, such as IP-address or other unique device identifiers.
Some web browsers have an optional setting called “Do Not Track” (DNT) that lets you opt-out of being tracked by advertisers and some third parties. Because many of our services won’t function without tracking data, we do not respond to DNT settings.
To learn how to opt-out of this kind of tracking technology, visit
About Ads
.
8. Your Data Protection Rights
Your rights to access, correction, deletion, and restriction to use or disclose your information.
Under applicable data protection law, you have certain rights to how your Personal Information is collected, stored, used and disclosed. We recognize the importance of your ability to control the use of your Personal Information and provide several ways for you to exercise your rights to access (right to know), correction, deletion (erasure), and to restrict certain information (right to opt out of sharing and right to limit use and disclosure of sensitive personal information). We will not deny you services, charge you different prices, or provide you with a different level of service solely for exercising your privacy rights. If you are a California resident, learn more about how we have handled your
Privacy Rights
.
How do you exercise your rights?
If you, or an authorized agent, want to exercise any of your rights relating to your Personal Information, contact us at the number and email provided in the Our
Contact Information
section. Some of the Personal Information in your profile may only be updated in your Partners and Merchant’s system.
Even if you do not have an account (for example, where you use our Services without a Hyperwallet account), you can submit a request for access, correction, restriction or deletion of your information for your Payment without a Hyperwallet account by contacting us at the number and email provided in the
Our Contact Information
section. If you or an authorized agent submit a request, we’ll first need to verify who you are before we can respond to your request. We may ask you to provide us with information necessary to reasonably verify your identity before responding to your request. We will compare the information you submit against our internal business records to verify your identity. If we can’t verify your identity, we will not be able to fulfil your request. If we deny your request in whole or in part, you may have the right to appeal the decision. In such circumstances, we will provide you with information regarding the appeals process.
Your right to request a copy of the Personal Information.
If you want to make a request to know about the data we’ve collected about you, you have choices:
Log in to your account and submit a request
Call or contact us and request that we provide you with the data we’ve collected.
Your right to correct your Personal Information:
Log in to your account and correct information you previously added. For example, you can edit your addresses in your settings
Call or contact us and request that we correct specific information
Your right to delete your Personal Information:
Log in to your account and delete information you previously added.
Call us or contact us and request that we delete specific information
Close your account
If you close your account or request that we delete Personal Information, we still need to keep some Personal Information as explained in
How long does Hyperwallet store your Personal Information
so we can:
Complete a transaction, provide goods or services you requested, or comply with our promises to you in the user agreement or other contract you have with us
Detect and prevent malicious, fraudulent, or illegal activity
Protect your (or another person’s) legal rights, including the right to free speech
Manage our internal business processes that are reasonably related to your expectations when using our Services
Comply with laws and other legal or governmental processes
California also offers a right to opt out of “Selling” and “Sharing” Personal Information. Global Privacy Control setting is a browser setting that notifies website owners of users’ privacy preferences regarding selling or sharing their personal information. Hyperwallet does not respond to these settings because we do not sell or share data.
Understanding your choices
You can control how Personal Information is collected or disclosed, as well as how we communicate with you. Here are some of the ways you can customize your choices.
Choose how we collect Personal Information
You may choose to limit the Personal Information you provide when our apps or Services request it. To help make choices that are right for you, it’s important to understand that Personal Information helps us provide a richer, more personalized experience for you. Also, some Personal Information is required for our Services to function at all.
Choose how connected accounts collect and use Personal Information.
If you connect your account to a third-party service, you may be able to manage how your Personal Information is collected, used, and disclosed by them. Read the third parties’ privacy policies to see the choices they offer you.
You can control which third-party services you connect to your account and what Personal Information they can collect about you.
Choose how we communicate with you.
Your choices about how we communicate with you differ depending on the purpose of the message and how it is delivered. Some messages are considered optional, and some are necessary for you to manage your accounts with us. We use email, text messages, push notifications on your mobile device, and even phone or paper mail depending on the situation and your preferences.
You can click the unsubscribe link in a Hyperwallet marketing email, opt out of a text message by replying “STOP,” or turn off notifications on your device. You can also change your account’s notification settings or the notification preferences on your device.
You won’t be able to opt out of messages that are considered necessary for the Services, such as digital receipts and emails that alert you to changes in your account’s status. You may be able to decide how we send those messages, such as by email, phone, text message, or a notification on your mobile device.
Choices relating to Cookies
You may have options available to manage your cookies preferences. For example, Your browser or internet device may allow you to delete, disable, or block certain cookies and other tracking technologies. You can learn more by visiting AboutCookies.org. You may choose to enable these options but doing so may prevent You from using many of the core features and functions available on a Service or Site. Manage your cookie settings here.
9. How Do We Protect Your Personal Information?
At Hyperwallet, every employee is responsible for respecting and protecting the personal information to which the employee has access. Our privacy office oversees our privacy practices and our efforts to follow all privacy laws that apply, and to manage and reduce privacy risk. To ensure the protection of your personal information, we maintain policies and practices that govern our privacy and personal information handling practices, including defining roles and responsibilities for handling your information from the moment we gather it until it is destroyed, regular employee privacy and security training, responding to privacy complaints or inquiries, and investigation potential incidents.
We maintain technical, physical, and administrative security measures designed to provide reasonable protection for your Personal Information against loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, and alteration. The security measures include firewalls, data encryption, physical access controls to our data centres, and information access authorization controls. While we are dedicated to securing our systems and Services, you are responsible for securing and maintaining the privacy of your password(s) and Account/profile registration information and verifying that the Personal Information we maintain about you is accurate and current. We are not responsible for protecting any Personal Information that we disclose to a third-party based on an account connection that you have authorized.
10. Can Children Use Our Services?
We do not knowingly collect information, including Personal Information, from children under the age of 16 or other individuals who are not legally able to use our Services. If we obtain actual knowledge that we have collected Personal Information from someone not allowed to use our Services, we will promptly delete it, unless we are legally obligated to retain such data.
Please contact us at the number and email provide in the
Our Contact Information
section if you believe that we have mistakenly or unintentionally collected information from someone not allowed to use our Services.
We do not sell to third parties for money or share Personal Information of anyone under 16 years of age for cross context behavioural advertising.
11. Definitions
Device Information means data that can be automatically collected from any device used to access the Services. Such information may include, but is not limited to, your device type; your device’s network connections; your device’s name; your device IP address; and information about your device’s web browser and internet connection you use to access the Services.
Location Information means information that identifies, with reasonable specificity, your approximate location by using, for instance, longitude and latitude coordinates obtained through GPS or Wi-Fi or cell site triangulation.
Hyperwallet means the Hyperwallet group of companies, including PayPal, Inc., PayPal (Europe) S.à r.l. et Cie, S.C.A., PayPal UK Ltd, Hyperwallet Systems Inc. and Hyperwallet Australia Pty Ltd.
Partners and Merchants means our payor business customers that our Payees transact with for the purpose of obtaining payments or services.
Pay without a Hyperwallet account means our Services may be accessed by individuals without a Hyperwallet account or profile.
Payee means our Partners’ and Merchants’ designated payees.
PayPal Companies means companies or separate brands, affiliates or subsidiaries of Hyperwallet, and who process Personal Information in accordance with their terms of service and privacy policies. PayPal Companies include Hyperwallet, Honey Science LLC, Chargehound LLC, Happy Returns, LLC, Simility, Swift Financial LLC, Bill Me Later, Inc., and Venmo.
Personal Information in this Privacy Policy means information about you, including your identity, finances and online behaviour.
Sell under California law is defined as the disclosure of personal information to third parties in exchange for monetary or other valuable consideration.
Services means the online payment platform (“Pay Portal”), payment services and related functionality and technology and all related websites, applications and services offered to you by Hyperwallet. Your use of the Services includes use of our Sites.
Sharing under California law is defined as the targeting of advertising to a consumer based on that consumer’s personal information obtained from the consumer’s activity across websites.
Sites means the websites, mobile apps, official social media platforms, or other online properties through which Hyperwallet offers the Services and which has posted or linked to this Privacy Policy.
12. Our Contact Information
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy or your Personal Information, contact us so we can help.
Call Hyperwallet Customer Service at
1-877-546-8220
or email our data protection officer at
privacyofficer@hyperwallet.com
For Payees, make a request while logged into the Pay Portal (Go to “Support,” select “Email” and complete the form for “Privacy Concerns”)
13. Supervisory Authority
If you are unhappy with our processing of your personal data you may lodge a complaint your local data protection authority.
If you are in the EEA, you can find your local data protection authority at
https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/about-edpb/members_en
In the UK, your local data protection authority is the Information Commissioner’s Office: website:
https://ico.org.uk/
, address: Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire, SK9 5AF.
In Brazil, your local data protection authority is the Autoridade Nacional de Proteção de Dados: website:
https://www.gov.br/anpd/pt-br
, address: Scn Q 6 Bl C – Brasília, Df, 70297-400
14. Specific provisions relating to EEA Personal Information
Banking Regulations Notice for Partners and Merchants and Payees in the EEA
This section applies to Partners and Merchants and Payees who have relationships with PayPal (Europe) S.à r.l. et Cie, S.C.A. In general, the Luxembourg laws to which Hyperwallet’s handling of personal information is subject (data protection and bank secrecy) require a higher degree of transparency than most other EU laws. This is why, unlike the vast majority of providers of internet-based services or financial services in the EU, Hyperwallet has listed in this Privacy Policy the third-party service providers and business partners to whom we may disclose your Personal Information, together with the purpose of disclosure and type of information disclosed. You will find a link to those third parties
here
. By acknowledging this Privacy Policy and maintaining an account with Hyperwallet, you expressly consent to the transfer of your data to those third parties for the purposes listed.
Hyperwallet may update the list of third parties referred to above every quarter (January 1st, April 1st, July 1st and October 1st).
Hyperwallet will only start transferring any data to any of the new entities or for the new purposes or data types indicated in each update after 30 days from the date when that list is made public through this Privacy Policy. You should review the list each quarter on the Hyperwallet Sites on the dates stated above. If you do not object to the new data disclosure, within 30 days after the publication of the updated list of third parties, you are deemed to have accepted the changes to the list and to this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with the changes, you may close your account and stop using our Services.
In order to provide the Services, certain of the information we collect (as set out in this Privacy Policy) may be required to be transferred to other Hyperwallet related companies or other entities, including those referred to in this section in their capacity as payment providers, payment processors or account holders (or similar capacities). You acknowledge that according to their local legislation, such entities may be subject to laws, regulations, inquiries, investigations, or orders which may require the disclosure of information to the relevant authorities of the relevant country. Your use of the Services constitutes your consent to our transfer of such information to provide you the Services.
Specifically, you consent to and direct Hyperwallet to do any and all of the following with your information:
Disclose necessary information to: the police and other law enforcement agencies; security forces; competent governmental, intergovernmental or supranational bodies; competent agencies, departments, regulatory authorities, self- regulatory authorities or organizations (including, without limitation, the Agencies referenced in the “Agencies” section of the Third Party Provider List
here
) and other third parties, including PayPal Companies, that (i) we are legally compelled and permitted to comply with, including but without limitation the Luxembourg laws of 24 July 2015 on the US Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (“FATCA Law”) and 18 December 2015 on the OECD common reporting standard (“CRS Law”); (ii) we have reason to believe it is appropriate for us to cooperate with in investigations of fraud or other illegal activity or potential illegal activity, or (iii) to conduct investigations of violations of our user agreements (including without limitation, your funding source or credit or debit card provider).
If you are covered by the FATCA or CRS Law, we are required to give you notice of the information about you that we may transfer to various authorities. Please read more about Hyperwallet’s obligations under the FATCA and CRS Law and how they could affect you as well as take note of the information we may disclose as result.
We and other organizations may also disclose, access and use (including from other countries) necessary information (including, without limitation the information recorded by fraud prevention agencies) to help us and them assess and to manage risk (including, without limitation, to prevent fraud, money laundering and terrorist financing). Please contact us by using the information in the
Our Contact Information section
if you want to receive further details of the relevant fraud prevention agencies. For more information on these Agencies, fraud prevention agencies and other third parties, click
here
.
Disclose Account Information to intellectual property right owners if under the applicable national law of an EU member state they have a claim against Hyperwallet for an out-of-court information disclosure due to an infringement of their intellectual property rights for which Services have been used (for example, but without limitation, Sec. 19, para 2, sub-section 3 of the German Trademark Act or Sec. 101, para 2, sub-section 3 of the German Copyright Act).
Disclose necessary information in response to the requirements of the credit card associations or a civil or criminal legal process.
If you as a Partner or Merchant use a third party to access or integrate Hyperwallet, we may disclose to any such partner necessary information for the purpose of facilitating and maintaining such an arrangement (including, without limitation, the status of your Hyperwallet integration, whether you have an active Hyperwallet account and whether you may already be working with a different Hyperwallet integration partner).
Disclose necessary information to the payment processors, auditors, customer services providers, credit reference and fraud agencies, financial products providers, commercial partners, marketing and public relations companies, operational services providers, group companies, agencies, marketplaces and other third parties listed
here
. The purpose of this disclosure is to allow us to provide Services to you. We also set out in the list of third parties, under each ” Category”, non- exclusive examples of the actual third parties (which may include their assigns and successors) to whom we currently disclose your Account Information or to whom we may consider disclosing your Account Information, together with the purpose of doing so, and the actual information we disclose (except as explicitly stated, these third parties are limited by law or by contract from using the information for secondary purposes beyond the purposes for which the information was disclosed).
Disclose necessary information to your agent or legal representative (such as the holder of a power of attorney that you grant, or a guardian appointed for you).
Disclose aggregated statistical data with our business partners or for public relations. For example, we may disclose that a specific percentage of our users live in Manchester. However, this aggregated information is not tied to personal information.
Disclose necessary Account Information with unaffiliated third parties (listed here) for their use for the following purposes.
Fraud Prevention and Risk Management: to help prevent fraud or assess and manage risk. For example, if you use the Services to buy or sell goods using eBay Inc, or its affiliates (“eBay”), we may disclose Account Information with eBay in order to help protect your accounts from fraudulent activity, alert you if we detect such fraudulent activity on your accounts, or evaluate credit risk.
As part of our fraud prevention and risk management efforts, we also may disclose necessary Account Information with eBay in cases where Hyperwallet has placed a hold or other restriction on your account based on disputes, claims, chargebacks or other scenarios regarding the sale or purchase of goods. Also, as part of our fraud prevention and risk management efforts, we may disclose Account Information with eBay to enable them to operate their programmes for evaluating buyers or sellers.
Customer Service: for customer service purposes, including to help service your accounts or resolve disputes (e.g., billing or transactional).
Legal Compliance: to help them comply with anti-money laundering and counter-terrorist financing verification requirements.
Service Providers: to enable service providers under contract with us to support our business operations, such as fraud prevention, bill collection, marketing, customer service and technology services. Our contracts dictate that these service providers only use your information in connection with the services they perform for us and not for their own benefit.
15. International Transfers
Our operations are supported by a network of computers, cloud- based servers, and other infrastructure and information technology, including, but not limited to, third-party service providers.
The third parties mentioned above may be established in jurisdictions other than your own. These countries do not always afford an equivalent level of privacy protection. We have taken specific steps, in accordance with data protection laws, to protect your Personal Information, including implementing adequate measures. In particular, for transfers of your EEA Personal Information within PayPal Companies, we rely on Binding Corporate Rules approved by competent Supervisory Authorities (available here). For transfers of Personal Data from the UK, these are based on contractual protections, including the UK Addendum (approved by the Information Commissioner’s Office) to the EU standard contractual clauses, approved by the European Commission. Please contact us for more information about this.
16. California Privacy Notice of Collection
Under the laws of California and certain other US states (i.e., Virginia), we are required to provide you with the following additional information about: (1) the purpose for which we use each category of “personal information” we collect; and (2) the categories of third parties to which we (a) disclose such personal information for a business purpose, (b) “share” personal information for “cross-context behavioural advertising,” and/or (c) “sell” such personal information.
Under California law, “sharing” is defined as the targeting of advertising to a consumer based on that consumer’s personal information obtained from the consumer’s activity across websites, and “selling” is defined as the disclosure of personal information to third parties in exchange for monetary or other valuable consideration. We do not sell or share your Personal Information, including any Sensitive Personal Information. We also do not sell or share and have no actual knowledge that we have sold or shared any Personal Information of anyone under 16 years of age.
For more information about each category, purpose of use, and the third parties to which we disclose information, please see the “Categories of Personal Information We Collect,” “How is Personal Information used,” and “Do We Disclose Personal Information” sections.
Categories of Personal Information
Purpose of Collection
Categories of 3rd Parties to which Hyperwallet discloses this Personal Information for Business Purpose
Identifiers
Provide Services, communicate with you, create an account connection, manage and improve our Services, manage fraud and risk, market our Services, comply with Laws, process information about your contacts, communicate with you, to remember your preferences, associate information about you
Hyperwallet and PayPal Companies, Authorities, Other Financial Institutions, Card Networks and Payment Processors, fraud prevention and identity verification agencies, Credit Reporting Agencies, Service Providers, Other users in accordance with Account Settings, Connected Accounts, Partners and Merchants, Other third Parties, buyers in connection with a business transfer, Buyers or in connection with business transfer
Records and Financial Information
Provide Services, communicate with you, create an account connection, keep your Account and financial information up to date, manage and improve our Services, manage fraud and risk, market our Services, personalize your experience, provide personalized Services, comply with Laws, process information about your contacts, communicate with you
Hyperwallet and PayPal Companies, Authorities, other Financial Institutions, Card Networks and Payment Processors, fraud prevention and identity verification agencies, Credit Reporting Agencies, Service Providers, other Users in accordance with Account Settings, Connected Accounts, Partners and Merchants, Other third Parties for business purposes, buyers in connection with a business transfer, Buyers or in connection with business transfer
Commercial information
Provide Services, communicate with you, manage and improve our Services, manage fraud and risk, market our Services, comply with Laws, remember your preferences, associate information about you
Hyperwallet and PayPal Companies, Service Providers, Authorities, Other Financial Institutions, Partners and Merchants, Other third Parties, Buyers or in connection with business transfer
Internet or network activity
Operate and provide Services, provide Services, communicate with you, manage and improve Services, market our Services, send you locally relevant options, comply with law
Hyperwallet and PayPal Companies, Service Providers, Other financial institutions, Partners and Merchants, Authorities
Biometric
Authenticate your access to account, manage fraud and risk
Service Providers
Audio, electronic, visual, or similar information
Provide Services, authenticate your access to an Account, to manage and improve Services, manage fraud and risk
Service Providers, Hyperwallet and PayPal Companies, Merchants and Partners, Authorities
Professional or employment information
Provide Services, Manage fraud and risk
Service Providers, Hyperwallet and PayPal Companies, Merchants and Partners, Authorities, Other Financial Institutions
Information in your Account Profile
Provide Services
Service Providers, Hyperwallet and PayPal Companies, Merchants and Partners, Authorities, Other Financial Institutions,
Information you provide when you contact us
Provide Services, authenticate your access to an Account, To manage and improve Services, manage fraud and risk
Service Providers, Hyperwallet and PayPal Companies, Merchants and Partners, Authorities
Inferred data
Provide Services, Manage fraud and risk, Market our Services, to display content based on your interest, better respond to your requests or inquiries or for similar customer service issues, verify your identity; and conduct risk assessment.
Hyperwallet and PayPal Companies, Service Providers, Other financial institutions, Merchants and Partners, Authorities
Sensitive Personal Information
Provide Services, manage fraud and risk
Hyperwallet and PayPal Companies, Service Providers, Other Financial Institutions, Merchants and Partners, Authorities, Buyers or in connection with business transfer
Characteristics of Protected Classifications
Provide our Services, Manage risk
Hyperwallet and PayPal Companies, Service Providers, Authorities
Information from your device
Provide Services, Manage and improve our Services, manage fraud and risk, communicate with you, Create an account connection, market our Services, personalize your experience, comply with Laws
Hyperwallet and PayPal Companies, Service Providers, Other Financial Institutions, Merchants and Partners, Authorities
Contact us with questions about our privacy policy.
Get in Touch
Get Started
Make Payments
Features
Payout Experience
Company
Developers
Our FX Rates
Careers
Blog
Support
Hyperwallet Support Center
Corporate Sales
Canada/US: 1-855-787-1009
Mon-Thu, 9am-8pm / Fri 9am-6pm EST.
Australia: 1-800-729-725
GitHub
Make Payments
Features
Payout Experience
Company
Developers
Documentation
Blog
Sales
Support
Sub-policy 2
https://www.ecomatcher.com/security-privacy/:
Privacy and Cookie Policy
At EcoMatcher, we understand that the security of personal data is important. That’s why we take a holistic approach toward security and privacy by safeguarding the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of personal data in our systems and networks.
This Privacy and Cookie Policy (the “Policy”) is for all users. It considers the enhanced data protection rights required by the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) that has become effective May 25, 2018, for all EU-resident users. We explain in this Policy how we collect, process, and/or use information that we receive via our website, emails, and mobile applications (collectively, the “Platform”) that link to this Policy, as amended from time to time.
This privacy policy will explain how our organization uses the personal data we collect from you when you use the EcoMatcher platform.
Topics:
What data do we collect?
How do we collect your data?
How will we use your data?
How we work with third-parties
How do we store your data?
How do we protect your data?
Marketing
What are your data protection rights?
What are cookies?
How do we use cookies?
What types of cookies do we use?
How to manage your cookies
Privacy policies of other websites
Changes to our privacy policy
How to contact us
How to contact the appropriate authorities
What data do we collect?
EcoMatcher collects the following user data:
Personal identification information (name, email address)
When registering an EcoMatcher account, you will be asked to enter your email address and password. Your EcoMatcher account will give you easy access to all the trees you have bought or received and enables you to track your trees on EcoMatcher’s desktop website, on the go with the free EcoMatcher iOS/Android App, and the free EcoMatcher App for Microsoft Teams. If the user login in EcoMatcher App for Microsoft Teams then EcoMatcher will also collect the Microsoft ID account and timezone of the user.
When using the Platform for sending trees to tree recipients, EcoMatcher stores the email address of the tree recipients only for the options “Send By Email” and “Redeem,” giving you great insights into your gifting campaign. For all other options, the email addresses will not be stored. When ordering trees on our website in the TreeShop, like any webshop, you will be asked to enter your email address.
How do we collect your data?
You directly provide EcoMatcher with most of the data we collect. We collect and process data when you:
Register online or order any of our products or services.
Subscribe to our newsletter.
Use or view our website via your browser’s cookies.
EcoMatcher may also receive your data indirectly from the following sources:
When someone sends trees to your email address, we collect your email address.
Use third-party software to access the EcoMatcher platform.
How will we use your data?
EcoMatcher collects your data so we can:
Process your order and manage your account.
Email you to keep you informed about your account, the latest developments of EcoMatcher that may benefit you, and offers on other products and services we think you might like.
How we work with third-parties
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer your personal information to outside parties unless we provide users with advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or serving our users, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release information when its release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect our or others’ rights, property, or safety. Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third-party products or services on our website. These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We, therefore, have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.To process your order and use the EcoMatcher platform EcoMatcher will share your data with our technology partners.
When EcoMatcher processes your order, it may send your data to, and also use the resulting information from, credit reference agencies to prevent fraudulent purchases.
How do we store your data?
EcoMatcher securely stores your data at a global cloud infrastructure provider with security precautions taken that are in line with information security industry standards from the National Institute of Standard and Technology (NIST), a Cyber Security Framework. Personal information is stored in data centers located in Singapore. Data at rest is protected with encryption. All our databases that contain users’ information are configured with encryption. Data in transit is encrypted by TLS/SSL connections.
EcoMatcher will keep your account data (e-mail address) for the time period that your user account is active. Once this time period has expired, we will delete your data according to our user data deletion policy. Our data retention is 7 days for the backup of data.
A masked version of your e-mail address is stored on the EcoMatcher blockchain (“TreeChain”) and will be stored for an unlimited period of time. Your actual email address can never be traced back from a masked email address on the EcoMatcher blockchain.
How do we protect your data?
A. Our cyber security program
EcoMatcher takes security and privacy seriously, and we work together to handle your data responsibly. Our cyber security program is tailored to meet both legal requirements as well as your needs through the following pillars:
Detailed analysis: we commit to carrying out periodical and independent Cyber Security Assessments to ensure proper security of data, in consultation with regulators where appropriate.
Security by design: we integrate security by design into our products by integrating it into the software development life cycle of the EcoMatcher platform.
Regular training: EcoMatcher staff that access and process confidential, sensitive, and personal data are trained on handling it and are bound to maintain its confidentiality, integrity, and security.
B. Security and certifications
Protecting our customers’ information and their users’ privacy is extremely important. We have built security into every layer of the EcoMatcher platform following the internationally recognized NIST Cyber Security Framework. We devoted significant resources to comply with this standard. This standard mirrors security requirements and gives our customers a transparent framework to measure our software development and data management practices. More information about NIST Cyber Security Framework can be found
here
.
C. Incident management
Though rare, data incidents may happen. We will assist our customers with notifying regulators of breaches and promptly communicating any breaches to customers and users.
D. International data transfers
As a company with a global customer base and operations, EcoMatcher must be able to transfer and access data around the world. We understand and respect the rules for onward transfers of personal data.
An external PCI-compliant payment gateway handles all Credit Card transactions. All financial transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.
Marketing
EcoMatcher would like to send you information about our products and services that we think you might like.
You have the right at any time to stop EcoMatcher from contacting you for marketing purposes.
If you no longer wish to be contacted for marketing purposes,
please click here
.
What are your data protection rights?
EcoMatcher would like to ensure you are fully aware of your data protection rights. Every user is entitled to the following:
The right to access
– You can request EcoMatcher for copies of your personal data. We may charge you a small fee for this service.
The right to rectification
– You have the right to request that EcoMatcher correct any information you believe is inaccurate. You also have the right to request EcoMatcher to complete the information you believe is incomplete.
The right to erasure
– You have the right to request that EcoMatcher erase your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to restrict processing
– You have the right to request that EcoMatcher restrict the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to object to processing
– You have the right to object to EcoMatcher’s processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to data portability
– You can request that EcoMatcher transfer the data we have collected to another organization, or directly to you, under certain conditions.
Rights in relation to automated decision-making including profiling
– You have the right to not be subject to decisions based solely on automated processing, including profiling, that significantly affect you, and to request human intervention, express your point of view, and obtain an explanation of the decision and challenge it.
The right to be informed
– You have the right to be informed about the collection and use of your personal data, ensuring transparency regarding how and why we process your information.
If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us at our email: contact@ecomatcher.com.
Or write to us: EcoMatcher Limited, Paris 1 C, 41 Conduit Road, Hong kong
Cookies
Cookies are text files placed on your computer to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behavior information. When you visit our websites, we may collect information from you automatically through cookies or similar technologies. For further information, visit
allaboutcookies.org
.
How do we use cookies?
EcoMatcher uses cookies to improve your experience on our website, including:
Keeping you signed in.
Understanding how you use our website.
Remember your preferences.
Identifying your managed brand when using Channel Partner tools.
Help remember and process the items in the shopping cart.
Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third-party services that track this information on our behalf.
What types of cookies do we use?
There are a number of different types of cookies, however, our website uses:
Functionality – EcoMatcher uses these cookies so that we recognize you on our website and remember your previously selected preferences. These could include what language you prefer, the area you are in to determine the currency that applies to you, and your tree’s information. A mix of first-party and third-party cookies is used.
Advertising – EcoMatcher uses these cookies to collect information about your visit to our website, the content you viewed, the links you followed, and information about your browser, device, and IP address.
How to manage cookies
You can have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Since every browser is a little different, look at your Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. If you turn cookies off, some features that make your site experience more efficient may not function properly.
Privacy policies of other websites
The EcoMatcher website contains links to other websites. Our privacy policy applies only to our website, so if you click a link to another website, you should read their privacy policy.
Changes to our privacy policy
EcoMatcher keeps its privacy policy under regular review and places any updates on this web page. This privacy policy was last updated on 22 March 2023.
How to contact us
If you have any questions about EcoMatcher’s privacy policy, the data we hold on you, or if you would like to exercise one of your data protection rights, please do not hesitate to contact us.
Or e-mail us at contact@ecomatcher.com
Or write to us at: EcoMatcher Limited, Paris 1 C, 41 Conduit Road, Hong Kong
How to contact the appropriate authority
Should you wish to report a complaint, or if you feel that EcoMatcher has not addressed your concern in a satisfactory manner, you may contact the Information Security Officer.
Email: contact@ecomatcher.com
Address: EcoMatcher Limited, Paris 1 C, 41 Conduit Road, Hong Kong
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.
Read More
Privacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities...
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
EcoMatcher’s software engineers develop the needed technologies to redefine the sustainability industry in smart, creative, and useful ways. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to EcoMatcher’s needs with opportunities to switch between projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities, and be enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.
Responsibilities:
Develop, maintain and improve EcoMatcher software;
Collaborate with team to manage project priorities, deadlines, and deliverables;
Self-motivated, with excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Required:
Graduate in Computer Science, similar technical field of study or equivalent practical experience; Reputable university graduates is a plus;
Experience with one or more general-purpose programming languages including but not limited to: PHP, Python, JavaScript, CSS, and Go;
Familiar working with a relational database, WordPress framework, and Amazon Web Service (AWS) is a plus;
Experience working on agile methodologies and collaborative version control tools;
Experience developing accessible technologies;
Excellent organization and presentation skills to structure your presentations and documents in a way that can be easily understood and modified by others;
Problem solver that requires very little guidance on projects; thrives in a fast-paced environment;
Capable to communicate in English properly;
Available to work from EcoMatcher office in Bandung;
How to apply:
Send your CV to alvin@ecomatcher.com with the subject [Hiring – Software Engineer], or
Click on the “Apply Now” button in the related section
×
A Graphic Designer at EcoMatcher demonstrate a passion for great design and the ability to achieve it at pixel level. They must have a highly refined design aesthetic and ability to work within the EcoMatcher brand. This person should have excellent communication skills and be able to articulate the rationale behind their work.
Responsibilities:
Design elegant UIs and graphics for a global audience across platforms: web, iOS, Android and print;
Assist the front end team in implementing precise visual design;
Create and manage asset libraries for reusable, systematic design;
Self-motivated, with excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Required:
Solid knowledge of the creative process at high quality, and to specification;
Expert understanding of the formal elements of design, including typography, layout, balance, and proportion;
Excellent organization and presentation skills to structure your presentations and documents in a way that can be easily understood and modified by others;
Problem solver that requires very little guidance on projects; thrives in a fastpaced environment;
Expert knowledge of Adobe CC suite and other industry-standard creative tools;
Expert knowledge of assets implementation standards on iOS, Android, and Web;
Advanced experience with image compositing and retouching with Photoshop;
Basic level understanding of HTML & CSS;
Highly detail-oriented, with a drive for perfection down to the last pixel.
How to apply:
Send your CV to alvin@ecomatcher.com with subject [Graphic Designer – Intern], or
Click on “Apply now” button of the related section
×
The Marketing Content Assistant will administer EcoMatcher’s marketing content. Administration includes but is not limited to:
Deliberate planning, strategy and goal setting;
Development of brand awareness and online reputation;
Build for its customers a number of marketing tools, including online video tutorials, and propose content to be used in digital and social media;
Marketing assistant will work directly with the head of marketing based in Singapore;
Supervised locally by EcoMatcher’s Technical Director in Bandung;
Building global partnership;
Participate in a fast growing global ‘GreenTech’ scale up combating the climate crisis.
The Marketing Content Assistant is a highly motivated, creative individual with experience and a passion for connecting with current and future customers. That passion comes through as she/he engages with customers on a daily basis, with the ultimate goal of:
Turning fans into customers.
Turning customers into advocates.
Additional requirements
As EcoMatcher is a B2B company, strong experience with LinkedIn and LinkedIn sales generation tools is a plus.
×
Mobile Application Developer of EcoMatcher work on many projects that carry varying responsibilities. You will join with all other party to build EcoMatcher products that will be used by our users and partners for either Android or iOS.
Responsibilities:
Develop mobile application of EcoMatcher products;
Join mobile application development process with EcoMatcher team and partners;
Self-motivated, with excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Required:
Degree in Computer Science or related technical field or equivalent practical experience;
1+ year of relevant work experience;
Passionate about mobile development;
Programming experience in Flutter, React, Java, or C++;
Strong understanding of technical architecture and development process for complex and highly scalable mobile applications
Problem solver that requires very little guidance on projects; thrives in a fastpaced environment;
Highly detail-oriented.
×
We’re looking for a Software QA Engineer to drive EcoMatcher’s quality assurance efforts and ensure the highest quality of experience across all platforms. This person should have a strong product sense, great communication skills, and be a champion for our users.
Responsibilities:
Collaborate on improving developer and engineering team’s test coverage, release velocity and production health;
Work closely with development teams in instrumenting their workflow to build a comprehensive picture of velocity, coverage and quality;
Hands-on ability to automate repeated tasks and build test coverage through existing or new infrastructure;
Write moderately complex code/scripts to test systems, implementing test harnesses and infrastructure as necessary
Self-motivated, with excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Required:
Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or equivalent combination of technical education and experience;
Experience in test automation and testing frameworks;
Strong track record of creating test plans and writing test cases based on product requirements. Must be a strong strong execution skills;
Self motivated and takes initiatives. Must be comfortable in a startup environment;
Experience working closely with development and business teams to communicate problem impacts and to understand business requirements;
Proficient in written and reading English. English speaking and listening is a plus;
Highly detail-oriented.
×
The Social Media Manager will administer EcoMatcher’s’s social media marketing and advertising. Administration includes but is not limited to:
Deliberate planning, strategy and goal setting;
Development of brand awareness and online reputation;
Content management (including website);
SEO (search engine optimization) and generation of inbound traffic;
Cultivation of leads and sales;
Reputation management.
The Social Media Manager is a highly motivated, creative individual with experience and a passion for connecting with current and future customers. That passion comes through as she/he engages with customers on a daily basis, with the ultimate goal of:
Turning fans into customers.
Turning customers into advocates.
Additional requirements
As EcoMatcher is a B2B company, strong experience with LinkedIn and LinkedIn sales generation tools is a plus.
×
Recipient Email
If you are a human seeing this field, please leave it empty.
×
Let's keep in touch before visit your tree
Fields marked with an
*
are required
Full Name
*
Email
*
Company
*
If you are a human seeing this field, please leave it empty.
×
Notifications
Sub-policy 3
https://www.virtualincentives.com/privacy-policy/:
Group Copy
Products
VISA AND MASTERCARD
Global Virtual Visa
Virtual Visa
Physical Visa
Reloadable Visa
Single and Multi Merchant Cards
Amaze Visa Experience Card
MULTIBRAND REWARDS
GiftCard PASS
FuelCard Pass
CASHLIKE
PayPal
Venmo
Direct to Bank Deposits
EGIFTCARDS
Amazon
2,000+ Global Brands
Use Cases
Employee Engagement
Employee Recognition
Spot Recognition
Health & Wellness
Safety Programs
Service Awards Programs
Learning & Development Programs
Research Participants
Quantitative Research
Online Qualitative
In-Person Qualitative
Measurement and Tracking Panels
HealthCare Providers
Patient
Customer Experience
B2B
Client Community Members
Sales Incentives
Sales Incentives
Channel Incentives
Consumer Loyalty
Appeasements
Platform
Global Content
Global Reward Catalog
Features
VI Now
Multi Factor
Data Insights: Payment DNA
Funding Your Payments
Platform Status
Platform Status
Company
Company
Meet Leadership
Our Mission
Locations
Careers & Culture
Newsroom
API
Client Portal
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
We at Virtual Incentives (“Virtual Incentives,” “we,” “us,” or “our”) respect your concerns about privacy and value the relationship we have with our website visitors and ViNOW users (“you”). This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) describes the types of personal information we may collect through our website available at <
https://www.virtualincentives.com/
>, our ViNOW portal available at <
now.virtualincentives.com
>, and your communications with us via email, telephone, or social media; how we may use that information; and with whom we may share it. Our Privacy Policy also describes the measures we take to protect the security of personal information.  In addition, we describe the choices you have about how we collect and use the information you provide to us. We also tell you how you can reach us to update certain information you’ve given us, ask us not to send you future marketing communications, or answer any questions you may have about our privacy practices.  Please note this Privacy Policy does not apply to the collection, use, storage and disclosure of personal information obtained in connection with the provision of our cardholder services to our customers, which is subject to agreements between us and our customers.
Updates to This Privacy Policy
We may update or change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any material changes by posting a prominent notice on our website and indicating at the top of this Privacy Policy when it was most recently updated and, if required by law, emailing you if you have given us your email address, to inform you of such changes to our Privacy Policy.  Any changes will be effective on the effective date specified on the revised Privacy Policy.
Information We Collect and How We Use It
You may choose to provide personal information (such as your name, address, telephone number and email address) on our website or our ViNOW Portal, or when you communicate with us via email, telephone, or social media. Here are the ways you may provide information, the types of information you may submit, and how we may use such information:
Creating An Account
To take full advantage of all our website offerings, you may choose to create an account on our ViNOW Portal. To create an account, we ask you to submit certain information (such as your contact information and credit card number) so we can communicate with you and provide you with the products you order.
Purchases
If you’ve created an account on our ViNOW Portal, you may buy our products or services online. We use the contact and payment information you provide when you set up an online account so we can send you the items you ordered or provide the services you’ve requested. We may use service providers to help us fulfill your order. We share information about you with these service providers only for this purpose.
Email
When you create an account on our ViNOW Portal, we request your email address so we can communicate with you by email. For example, we will use your email address to send you your login, which will allow you to access your account online.
Contact Us
You may choose to contact us through our website, email, telephone number, or any other way provided. If you email us through the “
Contact Us
” link on this site, we may ask you for information such as your name and email address so we can respond to your questions and comments. We may also collect the following information: your other contact information, such as your phone number and postal address; the content of your communication and the technical details of the communication itself, such as with whom you correspond at our end and the date and time; and publicly available information about you. You may choose to provide additional information as well. We use the information you provide to respond to your inquiries.
Visiting Our Website
Whenever you use our website, we collect the following information: technical information associated with the device you use, such as the device type and model, system language, browser type, geographical location, and operating system; and technical identifiers that identify the device you use, such as IP address, IDFA (identifier for advertisers) and other unique identifiers.
Cookies
When you visit our website or our ViNOW Portal, either may store or retrieve information on your device, mostly in the form of cookies. A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that is stored on your browser or the hard drive of your computer. These cookies are necessary for our website or ViNOW portal to function and cannot be switched off. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you that amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but if certain cookies are disabled, some parts of the website or the ViNOW portal may not function properly. These cookies do not store or involve the processing of your personal information.
Information We Share
We do not sell, rent, trade or otherwise disclose personal information about you, except as described here. We share information provided by you with service providers we have retained to perform services on our behalf. These service providers are not authorized by us to use or disclose your information except as necessary to perform services on our behalf such as payment processing, data storage, website analytics, shipping services, and email services, or for compliance with legal requirements. Please note we rely on third parties to follow certain of your actions on our website or our ViNOW Portal in order to better understand how Virtual Incentives is used. We also may share information about you with other members of our corporate family. In addition, we may disclose information about you (i) if we are required to do so by law or legal process, (ii) in response to a request from law enforcement authorities or other government officials, (iii) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual illegal activity, or (iv) to exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims.
We reserve the right to transfer any information we have about you in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets. Should such a sale or transfer occur, we will use reasonable efforts to try to direct the transferee to use personal information you have provided through this website in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Our website includes social media features such as the Meta “Like” button. These features may collect your IP address and which page you are visiting on our site, and may also set a cookie to enable the features to function properly. Social media features are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our website. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing them, and we recommend that you carefully read any third-party company’s privacy policy.
Testimonials
With your consent, we may post your testimonial, along with your name. If you want your testimonial removed, please contact us using the contact information below.
Children’s Information
Our website is not directed to or intended to be used by anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal information from anyone under the age of 13. If you are under 13, please do not use our website or send any personal information about yourself to us. If we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13, we will delete that information promptly.
Links to Other Sites
We may provide links to other websites for your convenience and information. These sites operate independently from our site and are not under our control. These sites may have their own privacy policies in place, which we strongly suggest you review if you visit any linked websites. We are not responsible for the content of these sites, any products or services that may be offered through these sites, or any other use of these sites.
Information Security
We maintain administrative, technical and physical safeguards designed to protect against unauthorized disclosure, use, alteration or destruction of the personal information we have about you. When you provide sensitive information such as credit card information to make a purchase, we use the industry standard for Internet security to help protect the information you provide.  Please see our
Security Statement
for more about our commitment to security.  However, you should note that perfect security does not exist on the Internet.  As such, please ensure you keep your account credentials like your user name and password secure, and do not share them with anyone.
Retention
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you with services and operate our business. Please contact us by using the contact information below if you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you with services. To be clear, we will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, exercise our rights and enforce our agreements.
Your Choices
Marketing Emails
You may unsubscribe from our marketing or promotional emails. To do so, please use the unsubscribe mechanism offered in our marketing emails or other communications as applicable, or contact us using the contact information below. Please note you may continue to receive transactional or account-related emails.
Your Account Information
If you would like to update your contact information or limit use or disclosure of your personal information, please contact us using the contact information below.
You may have the right to correct, update, or delete your personal information if your personal information changes, or if you no longer desire our services. You may do so by making any changes on our member information page or by contacting us using the contact information below.
Your request should clearly state which right you wish to exercise and, if required, the reasons or proof for it. It should also be dated and signed, and accompanied by a digitally scanned copy of your valid identity card proving your identity.
Cardholder Services
If you are a user of the cardholder services we provide to you on behalf of our customers, we refer you to the privacy policies of our customers for more information about your rights and how to exercise them.
Your California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section §1798.83 permits California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. Please note we do not sell or share personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
Do Not Track Signals
We do not currently respond to web browser “do not track” signals or other mechanisms that provide a method to opt out of the collection of information across websites or other online services.
Your European Union Data Protection Rights
If you are a resident of one of the member states of the European Economic Area, European Union (“EU”) law provides you with additional rights regarding our use of your personal data. To learn more about your EU data protection rights, visit our Data Protection Notice (EU Relevance) attached
here
.
Contact Information
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, or if you would like us to update certain information you have provided to us or your communication preferences, contact us by calling +1-646-736-1910, emailing
Privacy@VirtualIncentives.com
, or by mail at:
Mailing Address:
Virtual Incentives
PO Box 35, Cold Spring, NY 10516-0035
Sub-policy 4
https://www.imperium.com/privacy/:
Privacy Policy
Last updated on October 26th, 2020
In this Privacy Notice we would like to inform you about how we process your personal data when (a) accessing and navigating our company website (the Imperium website at
https://www.imperium.com
), (b) contacting us via our customer portal, online contact form, contact email addresses or regular postal mail and (c) with regard to our Imperium products and services. Furthermore, we inform you about your data subject rights according to the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
This Privacy Notice is for your information. Should we need your consent for the collection and processing of your personal data, we will obtain it separately.
1. General information
The data controller of your personal data is
Imperium LLC,
4 Research Drive Suite 600, Shelton, CT 06484 “Imperium”, “us”, “we”).
Imperium’s
EU Representative
is Chris Watson and can be contacted at
chris.watson@dynata.com
.
2. How to contact us
In the event that you have any issues, concerns, or complaints, or would like additional information about Imperium’s privacy practices, please contact Imperium by sending an e-mail to
privacy@imperium.com
.
Imperium’s
Data Protection Officer
can be reached at
dataprotectionofficer@imperium.com
.
3. What kind of personal data does Imperium collect and why?
3.1 Data collection when accessing the Imperium website
When you access the Imperium website, the browser used on your device automatically sends data to the server of our website, which is temporarily stored in a log file. This log file data includes IP address of the requesting browser, date and time of access, website from which the access occurs, browser type and version, operating system of the accessing device, access provider, country and language settings.
We process this personal data to ensure a stable and secure connection to the Imperium website as well as for technical administration reasons. In doing so, we rely on our legitimate interest in providing you with a functioning website service according to Art. 6 (1) lit. f) GDPR. In addition, we process this data for analysis and product development purposes (e.g. to identify possible technical errors on the website or to determine when the website is used to a particularly high degree) based on our legitimate interests (Art. 6 (1) lit. f) GDPR) in troubleshooting and optimizing the website. You may at any time object to the above processing based on our legitimate interests by sending us a short message using the contact details provided above.
3.2 Data collection when directly interacting with us
In connection with our customer portals that we offer for some of our products, for instance for Real Mail or Real Answer, we collect a user name, the email address, password and IP address for each customer.
When you contact us via our contact forms, for instance
https://www.imperium.com/contact/
, by mail (e.g. at
privacy@Imperium.com
or
sales@Imperium.com
) or at our postal mail address, we will process the personal data provided by you (e.g. name, address, telephone number, e-mail address) in our customer relationship management system. We will use such personal data
to respond to your inquiry or request;
in anonymized form to support our internal business objectives, namely data analyses, revisions, the development of new products, improvement of this internet presence, improvement of our services, detection of usage trends and determination of the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns);
in order to prevent and identify abuse or fraud.
Imperium’s legal basis for processing your personal data related to direct interactions with you is our legitimate interest (according to Art. 6 (1) lit. f) GDPR) in responding to you and engaging with you, understanding your concerns and improving our services as well as mitigating or preventing fraud. To the extent you are our customer or contacting us or engaging with us through one of our customer portals, we may also base the processing of your personal data on Art. 6 (1) lit. b) GDPR.
3.3 Data collection through Imperium products and services
Imperium provides a suite of technology services and customized solutions to verify personal information and restrict fraudulent online activities. That involves, inter alia, geolocation lookup or the verification whether a user is coming from a data center, proxy, and/or a region that does not match their device settings.
Imperium’s core products (RelevantID and Registration Guard) collect different data points from respondents’ devices, such as profile data, browser details and device information in order to create a so called “Respondent ID”. Respondents may be clients, employees, panelists, suppliers, customers etc. of Imperium’s customers. Data is collected through a first party cookie that is set by Imperium’s customers, respectively.  For specific products, such as Real Answer and Registration Guard, open-end responses to certain questions are collected.  Imperium requires that its customers using Imperium’s services inform about Imperium’s processing and use of data, the purposes of verification and fraud prevention and the collection through the Imperium cookie, if applicable (i.e. for RelevantID and Registration Guard).
In general, the data is collected for data quality and fraud prevention purposes pursued by Imperium’s customers on our customers’ behalf. To the extent that we use collected data to improve our products and to further develop Imperium’s technologies, we base our processing of respondent data on our legitimate interest (according to Art. 6 (1) lit. f) GDPR) to provide for reliable fraud prevention and verification services and enhance the precision of fraud detection and data quality of Imperium’s services.
3.3.1 More information on RelevantID
Imperium’s core product RelevantID is a technology that prevents a user from getting into an online survey more than once by flagging known bad behavior such as coming from a proxy server. It is used by our customers for de-duping purposes, to perform respondent quality assessments, validate that a respondent’s IP has recently exhibited suspicious behaviors and represents a risk of fraud and to redirect detection and prevention services.
The Relevant ID technology collects data points from the web browser of a respondent’s computer and uses machine learning technology to identify patterns of fraud originating from an IP address. These data points include
Browser details, such as browser name (Safari, Firefox, Chrome, etc.), mode, version, date and time, installation of certain software plug-ins, cookie settings, connection type)
Display settings (such as screen resolution, width and height)
Country and language information (such as country code, language settings, system language)
Device information, such as platform (Windows, IOS, Android), IP address, mobile device information)
Behavioural attributes (such as high number of survey starts, high number of dedupes, high number of devices or client systems)
This information will be processed through RelevantID’s proprietary algorithm to create a unique identifier, i.e. a digital fingerprint that is assigned to a respondent’s computer. Relevant ID places a first party cookie on the respondent’s device that is used as a watermark. It returns back whether a respondent has already been in a particular survey along with fraud flags that define an overall fraud score. More details on the service can be found
here.
3.3.2 Real Answer
Real Answer is a web-based market research service and measures the degree to which a respondent’s response to an open-end question is suspicious of fraud or bot behavior in order to improve survey quality. Imperium’s technology enables our customers to analyze open-end responses from survey respondents for data quality and fraud prevention. The personal data collected includes respondents’ first name, last name, date of birth, street, postal code, email address in addition to open-end answers to open-end questions determined by Imperium’s customers, respectively.  This means that Real Answer data may include all sort of personal data as respondents can provide for any information they want. More details on the service is available
here
.
3.3.3 Address Correction
Address Correction helps to ensure the accuracy of self-reported information obtained from website users or customers of Imperium’s customers. Using a proprietary database-driven technology, it cleans Imperium’s customers’ databases from undeliverable addresses. The personal data collected includes respondents’ first name, last name, date of birth, street, postal code and email address. More details on the service are available
here
.
3.3.4 Real Mail
Real Mail is an automated solution designed to help companies clean email lists and maintain the ability to send emails when and how they choose and is processing individuals’ names and email addresses Real Mail verifies email addresses to determine if they are valid and if email is deliverable. More information on Real Mail is available
here
.
3.3.5 Registration Guard
Registration Guard combines the attributes of RelevantID, RealAnswer Address Correction and Real Mail  to create the most complete solution for stopping bad data at the point of entry where the source is self-reporting data in a web form. This service is used to flag invalid names entered, bad email or bot type activity. Registration Guard collects data from the web browser as specified above at 3.4.1. for RelevantID (i.e. browser details, display setting, device information and behavioural attributes), open-end answers to open-end questions determined by Imperium’s customers and also profile data (usually including respondents’ first name, last name, date of birth, street, postal code, email address).  More details on the service are available
here.
3.3.6 Verity
Verity is data validation service that provides our customers with the possibility to verify the accuracy of individuals’ data supplied by the users themselves. Verity verifies certain information (names, email or postal addresses, demographic data such as language) that individuals submit (e.g. in an online form) against databases specializing in the validation of consumer demographics. The Verity service is only available to our customers in the US. More details on the service are available
here
.
3.3.7 Child Guard Online
ChildGuardOnline is a parental consent validation and verification service to permit or prevent children from logging on to a website or joining a panel. ChildGuardOnline verifies the accuracy of personal information (including individual names, addresses, demographic data and social security numbers) provided by parents and guardians against a variety of databases.  The Child Guard Online service is only available to our customers in the US. More information on Child Guard Online is available
here.
4. Recipients of your personal data
Imperium shares personal data with other Imperium companies as follows:
We share personal data with Imperium affiliates for data processing purposes, such as storage and maintenance.
We share personal data with external data vendors entrusted by Imperium with data processing services. This includes name, email or other data validation and matching services, translation of open-end responses, hosting, support or other similar IT services.
We share personal data with law enforcement agencies, regulatory organizations, courts or other public authorities to comply with applicable law or regulation or in connection with proposed or actual legal proceedings or regulatory actions.
5. Security
Imperium has appropriate technical and organisational security measures in place to protect your personal data against unauthorised or unlawful use and against accidental loss, damage or destruction. We put in place strict confidentiality agreements (including data protection obligations) with our third party service providers.
6. Retention of your personal data
Imperium retains personal data collected from you where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so, e.g. to respond to your inquiry, provide you with a service you have requested or to comply with statutory retention obligations e.g. under tax or accounting law. When Imperium does not have any legal basis to process your personal data, we delete it. In particular, if for example a specific survey is inactive, Imperium will delete or anonymize related personal data.
7. International data transfer
Imperium is headquartered in the United States of America (USA) and therefore processes your personal data in territories outside of the European Economic Area (EEA). The personal data that you provide to us or that we collect as a result of your interaction with the Imperium website or Imperium products is transferred to the USA. However, if we process your personal data outside the EEA, we have in place appropriate measures in place providing for an adequate level of protection. In particular, we rely on the Standard Contractual Clauses by the EU Commission and supplementary technical measures such as encryption to secure international data transfers.
8.0 Your data protection rights under the GDPR
You have certain rights granted by EU data protection law. In general, you have the right to access, correct, update or request deletion of your personal data at any time. You can object to processing of your personal data, ask us to restrict processing of your personal data or request portability of your personal data. You can exercise these rights by contacting us at
privacy@imperium.com
.
Similarly, if we have collected and process your personal data with your consent, you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal data conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
You have the right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing. In connection with contact requests or the use of our website, your personal data will not be subject to any decision based solely on automated processing that has a legal effect or otherwise affects you (including profiling within the meaning of Art. 22 GDPR). However, our verification and fraud prevention products automatically analyse respondent data as described for the individual products above and in a way that may have a consequences for individuals. In particular, an individual attempting to take part in a survey more than once might be hindered or a self-reported address detected as incorrect might prevent the conclusion of a contract.
You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal data. For more information, please contact us at
privacy@imperium.com
.
© 2020 Imperium LLC. All Rights reserved. Imperium, RelevantID, Verity, Real Answer are Registered Trademarks; Address Correction, ChildGuardOnline, Verity Append, Verity Challenge, RegGuard and QualityScore are Trademarks of Imperium LLC.
We need your consent to proceed
We use cookies to personalize and enhance your experience on our site. Visit our
Privacy Policy
for more information on our data collection practices. By clicking Accept, you agree to our use of cookies for the purposes listed in our
Cookie Notice
.
To see a complete list of the companies that use these cookies and other technologies and to tell us whether they can be used on your device or not, access our Cookie Consent Tool.
You will see this message only once, but you will always be able to set your preferences at any time in the Cookie Consent Tool. In addition, find more information about the use of cookies and similar technologies on this site in our Cookie Notice.
When you proceed to access our site, the companies listed in the Cookie Consent Tool will use cookies and other technologies. This is further explained in our Cookie Notice.
Decline
Agree and Access Site
Close  ✖