arrow_back
Back
Privacy policy
Yogaia Oy (”Yogaia”, “We” or “Us”) respects Your privacy and is dedicated to protecting the privacy of those persons using (“User(s)” or “You”) the Yogaia online yoga studio Yogaia webpages and other services and applications provided by Yogaia (“Services”). This Privacy Policy helps You to understand what personal information/data (“Personal Information”) and non-personal information We collect, and how We use it.
This Privacy Policy shall apply to Your use of the Services and You should read this document before using the Services. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and is subject to the Yogaia Terms of Service. If You do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Services.
Yogaia provides a general audience Service, and we restrict the use of our Service to individuals aged 18 and above. We do not knowingly collect, maintain, or use personal information from children under the age of 18.
“Personal Information” refers to information, which allows Users to be specifically identified as individual persons. We may also collect “non-personal information” meaning it can’t be used to specifically identify any persons. Non-personal information may also be result of removing the personally identifiable parts from the information. We collect and use both types of information and combinations of both types.
Yogaia shall not be responsible for the actions of third parties (including people, companies or services), the content of third-party websites, the usage of the information provided by User to such third parties, or any products or services they may offer.
Processing Personal Information
Yogaia will only collect such Personal Information that is relevant for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. We may process your personal information for carefully considered and specific purposes which are in our interests and enable us to enhance the services we provide, but which we believe also benefit our customers.
We process personal information for certain legitimate business purposes, which include some or all of the following:
• where the processing enables us to enhance, modify, personalise or otherwise improve our services / communications for the benefit of our customers
• to identify and prevent fraud
• to enhance the security of our network and information systems
• to better understand how people interact with our websites
• to determine the effectiveness of promotional campaigns and advertising.
Whenever we process data for these purposes we will ensure that we always keep your Personal Data rights in high regard and take account of these rights.
Note that by creating a user account you accept the processing your personal information and thus cannot object anymore to the processing.
Personal information may be processed for the purposes of creating Services accounts, facilitating transactions, using, maintaining, customizing and developing the Services, contacting Users, providing services, sending customer and marketing information to Users, enabling communication in the Services, conducting research and creating reports. Yogaia may use collected information also to create a user profile.
We may use collected information also to create a user profile link or combine it with other information we get from third parties, to help understand your preferences and provide You with better services.
Yogaia commits to adhere to the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) as well as the provisions of the Finnish Personal Data Act (Henkilötietolaki) and other such applicable laws and regulations pertaining to processing of Personal Information, as well as process Personal Information in compliance with good processing practice. All personnel processing Personal Information are obliged to keep such information strictly confidential.
Information We May Collect and Sources of Information
We collect several categories of information:
• Information You give to us Technically gathered information when You use our Services
• Information from third parties (including social networking sites without being limited to those) in relation to our service.
We will collect information that You give to us, for example when you sign up for or use our Services, which includes your name, e-mail address, birth year, language choice and time zone. We will collect information on Your purchase history and attended yoga classes.
The Service may be able to connect to your social networking sites and profiles to obtain information about you when you consent to allow your social networking site to make that information available to Yogaia and, consequently Yogaia may be able to collect certain information from your social networking profile when your social networking site permits to make that information available.
We will also collect information that is technically gathered when You use our Services. This information may include Your Internet Protocol address, time of your requests or actions in the service, location based on IP address, mobile device unique ID, hardware type and operating system version, operating system, access times, browser type and language, media access control (“MAC”) address, international mobile equipment identity (“IMEI”), your email address (if You have connected e.g. to Facebook or Google+) and referring website addresses. For the rare occasions when a teacher needs to react to a user due to inappropriate behavior during a class, we temporarily collect screenshots from all attendees in that class for evidence-collecting purposes.
In order to enhance the service Yogaia may use tools from third party service providers, such as Google Analytics to collect and use non-personal information. Google Analytics collects and stores data such as time of visit, pages visited, time spent on each page of the Site, the Internet Protocol (IP) address, and the type of operating system used in the devices used to access.
Notwithstanding anything else in this policy, we may work with partners who use mobile SDKs, including the OneSignal Messaging SDK, to passively collect information (collectively, “SDK Information”), which generally helps us deliver personalized notifications. This data may also be used to identify you in a unique manner across other devices or browsers for the purposes of customizing ads or content. Depending on the permissions granted to this application, this information may include personally identifiable information (PII) including your e-mail address. This information may also include precise location (i.e. GPS-level data) or WiFi information, apps you have installed and enabled, and your mobile identifier (e.g., Android Advertising ID).
Consumer Control & Opt-Out Options
a. Opting-out of OneSignal Push Notifications
You may in most cases opt out of receiving push notifications by going to your device “Settings” and clicking on “Notifications,” and then changing those settings for some or all of the apps on your device. (Different device configurations, or updates to devices, may affect or change how these settings work.)
b. Opting Out of “Cross-App” Advertising on Mobile Devices
You can opt out of having your mobile advertising identifiers used for certain types of interest-based (also called “cross-app”) mobile behavioral advertising, by accessing the “settings” on your Apple or Android mobile device, as follows: By opening the Google Settings app on your device, selecting Ads, and then selecting the option to opt-out of interest-based ads. (Different device configurations, or updates to devices, may affect or change how these settings work.)
Yogaia may collect information on Users’ activities in the Services, such as purchase history and attended yoga classes.
We may feature advertising and may employ third party technologies to collect information within the Services. Advertising may be based on your user profile in order to provide personalized advertisements and it may come from affiliate advertising networks.
You may also share data from your Apple iOS Health App ("Health App") with us. You decide which information is passed to the Health App and you can modify which apps can access your data in your iPhone settings. We will never use your Health App Data for any other purpose than improving your health, medical and fitness management from within the Yogaia app, and will never share your Health App Data with third parties.
Disclosing and Hosting Information
By using the Services You always disclose information about yourself to Yogaia. In connection with Your use of the Services, including communication in the Services, You will disclose data about yourself to other users, and any such data is public information, and there is no expectation of privacy. Yogaia is not responsible for any personal data you choose to make public in the Services.Yogaia will not disclose your stored Personal Information to third parties for direct marketing, market research, polls or public registers without Your consent or except as part of a specific program or feature for which you will have the ability to opt-in or opt-out. Yogaia shall not be responsible for any processing of Personal Information by third parties. The Personal Information may be used for targeted in-service marketing and other similar purposes, and email and mobile push marketing by Yogaia.
We may use external service providers to provide technical solutions or services for processing stored information and access the stored information by using a technical interface and share Your Personal Information with third party service providers to the extent that it is reasonably necessary to perform, improve or maintain the Services. Yogaia may use third party service providers, such as e-mail service providers, credit card processors, information analyzers and business intelligence providers. Yogaia has right to share Personal Information as necessary for the aforementioned service providers to provide their services to Yogaia. Yogaia is not liable for the acts and omissions of these third parties.
We may share non-personal information (such as anonymous User usage data, referring / exit pages and URLs, platform types, asset views, number of clicks, etc.) with interested third-parties to assist them in understanding the usage patterns for certain content, services, advertisements, promotions, and/or functionality of the Services. In exceptional circumstances Personal Information may be disclosed to third parties if required under any applicable law or regulation or order by competent authorities, or in order to enforce the Terms and Conditions of the Services and to investigate possible infringing use of the Services as well as to guarantee safety of the Services.
Yogaia may share Your information in connection with any merger, sale of our assets, or a financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business. Aggregate or anonymous information about You may be shared with advertisers, publishers, business partners, and other third parties.
You acknowledge and agree that Yogaia may host the Services in and transfer information for this purpose to countries outside the European Union or the European Economic Area or the United States of America in accordance with mandatory legislation and this Privacy Policy.
Yogaia will retain critical data for a minimum of six years after the user's last activity on the service. Non-critical data may be deleted earlier.
Protection of Information
The register will be maintained in external service providers’ servers with appropriate safeguards, such as password protection, granting the access to the stored information only to Yogaia, persons working at Yogaia or Yogaia partners who are expressly authorized by Yogaia. The register is protected by appropriate industry standard, technical and organisational safety measures. The database will be accessible only to those persons expressly authorized by Yogaia. Although We make good faith efforts to store the information collected on the services in a secure operating environment that is not available to the public, We cannot guarantee the absolute security of that information during its transmission or its storage on our systems. Yogaia will post a notice on the Yogaia website or through the Services in case of material security breach that endangers Your privacy or Personal Information. Yogaia may also temporarily shut down a service to protect Personal Information.
Cookies and Tracking Technologies
A cookie is a string of information or a small text file that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Yogaia uses cookies to help it identify and track visitors, their usage of the Services and website, and their website access preferences, improving quality, tailoring recommendations, and developing the Services. Users who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using the Services and/or website, with the drawback that certain features of the website may not function properly without the aid of cookies. In addition to cookies, We may use other now and later developed tracking technologies. Tracking technologies may set, change, alter or modify settings or configurations on Your device.
The cookies will not enable Yogaia to access and review information stored on a User’s computer.
The Services are currently free from ads served by third parties. In the future We may have third party ads and related to that such advertisers or advertising networks may deliver cookies or use other tracking tools. These third party services shall be governed by separate privacy policies and this Privacy Policy does not apply and Yogaia shall not be responsible for such third party data collection.
Please note, the Services may not work properly if We are unable to tell where You are coming from (Country specific).
Your Rights
You have a right to be informed of Personal Data processed by Yogaia, a right to rectification/correction, erasure and restriction of processing. You also have the right to receive from us a structured, common and machine-readable format of Personal Data you provided to us.
When User wishes to use the above rights, User should send a signed request thereof to Yogaia using the contact details below. We will, at our own initiative or upon a User’s request, complement, correct or delete incomplete, inaccurate or outdated Personal Information.
Where Personal Data is processed for the above purposes on the basis of Yogaia’s legitimate business purposes, under the GDPR, you may object to such processing at any time. To do so please send a signed request thereof to Yogaia using the contact details below. Please bear in mind that if you object this it may affect our ability to carry out tasks for your benefit.
You may opt-out of receiving promotional emails by following the instructions in those emails. If You opt-out, Yogaia may still send You non-promotional customer information, such as emails about Your account, providing the Service or Yogaia’s ongoing business relations.
In addition, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the data protection authority in your jurisdiction.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
Yogaia may change this Privacy Policy from time to time, and at Yogaia‘s sole discretion. All changes hereto will be made available on this website, which is why Yogaia encourages Users to frequently check this page for any changes to this Privacy Policy. Changes hereto will not prejudice Users’ rights without their consent.
Controller and the person in charge
The User may at any time contact Yogaia at the address here below.
Contact info:
Yogaia Oy / Kaisa Soininen
Business ID: FI2575120-6
Address: Westendintie 1, 02160 Espoo, Finland
Email: info@yogaia.com
www: www.yogaia.com
We may process your personal information for carefully considered purposes that enable us to enhance our services and which we believe also benefit our customers. Read the
privacy policy
to learn more.
OK