Data Protection Statement
We are delighted that you are interested in our company. Data protection is extremely important to the management team at Hans Dinslage GmbH. In principle, you can use the Hans Dinslage GmbH website without providing any personal data. However, if a data subject wishes to avail of specific services provided by our company via the web version of the app, some processing of personal data may be necessary. If it is necessary to process personal data, and in the absence of a legal basis for such processing, we generally request consent from the data subject.
Personal data such as the name, address, e-mail address or telephone number of a data subject are always processed in compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation and in compliance with the national data protection provisions applicable for Hans Dinslage GmbH. The purpose of this data protection statement is for our company to inform the general public about the manner, scope, and purpose of the personal data that we collect, use, and process. In addition, this data protection statement will explain the rights of data subjects.
Hans Dinslage GmbH, as the controller for processing, has implemented many technical and organisational measures to ensure that the personal data processed are protected to the greatest possible degree. However, online data transfers are by their nature associated with security vulnerabilities, meaning that absolute protection cannot be guaranteed.
1. The name and address of the controller responsible for processing, as well as the company data protection officer
Controller:
Hans Dinslage GmbH
Riedlinger Straße 28
88524 Uttenweiler
Germany
Tel.: +49 7374 915766
E-mail: datenschutz_shc@sanitas-online.de
Website: www. sanitas-online.de
2. Collection and storage of personal data and nature and purpose of its use
a) Use of the web application
When you register on the website to use the app, the following data are saved
Email address
Password
Name
Height
Gender
Date of registration
Date of birth
The legal basis for data processing is point (a) of Article 9(2) GDPR in conjunction with point (a) of the first sentence of Article 6(1) GDPR (Consent).
You have the right to revoke your consent with future effect at any time. 
The purpose of data processing is to support your personal training plan and monitoring as well as your health management.
When you save your health data via the website, the following data will be saved depending on the functions used:
Blood pressure
Medication
Weight
Activity
Sleep
The respective timestamp for the stored measurement.
Comments saved by the customer concerning a measurement
Measurement input type
Entered manually
Data transfer from a product, e.g. blood pressure monitor, to your smartphone
The legal basis for data processing is point (a) of Article 9(2) GDPR in conjunction with point (a) of the first sentence of Article 6(1) GDPR (Consent).
You have the right to revoke your consent with future effect at any time.  
The purpose of data processing is to support your personal training plan and monitoring as well as your health management.
The data are stored until the user deletes the user account/profile in the Hans Dinslage cloud.
b) Use of the download portal
When you register to use the download portal, the following data are saved:
Email address
Password
Name
The legal basis for data processing is point (a) of Article 9(2) GDPR in conjunction with point (a) of the first sentence of Article 6(1) GDPR (Consent).
You have the right to revoke your consent with future effect at any time.
The purpose of data processing is to support your personal training plan and monitoring as well as your health management.
c) If you register for our newsletter
If you have explicitly consented for us to do so in accordance with point (a) of the first sentence of Article 6(1) GDPR, we will use your email address to regularly send you our newsletter for marketing purposes. Providing us with an email address is sufficient for receiving the newsletter.
You can unsubscribe at any time, for example by using the link provided at the end of each newsletter. Alternatively, you are also welcome to email an unsubscribe request to datenschutz_shc@sanitas-online.de at any time.
You will receive the letter only until you revoke consent.  You have the right to revoke your consent with future effect at any time. You may subsequently receive one more issue of the newsletter from us for technical reasons.
3. Disclosure of data
Within Hans Dinslage GmbH, entities that require access to data to fulfil contractual and legal obligations receive access to the data.
Hans Dinslage GmbH’s external service providers may also receive these data. These service providers may be:
- Service providers for processing customer service enquiries
- IT service providers, hosting service providers, and service providers for operating the IT system
- Service providers for newsletter dispatch, following the provision of consent
4. Cookies
We only use cookies that are technically necessary for the operation of the website.
5. Rights of the data subject
You have the right:
pursuant to Article 15 GDPR to request information about your personal data that we process. In particular, you may request information about the purposes of processing, category of personal data, categories of recipients to whom your data have been or will be disclosed, the planned duration of storage, the existence of a right to rectification, erasure, restriction of processing or objection, the right to lodge a complaint, the origin of your data if we have not collected them, and about the existence of automated decision-making including profiling, and where applicable meaningful information about the details thereof;
pursuant to Article 16 GDPR to immediately request the rectification of inaccurate or incomplete personal data relating to you stored by us;
pursuant to Article 17 GDPR to request the erasure of personal data relating to you stored by us, unless processing is required for the exercising of the right to freedom of expression and information, for compliance with a legal obligation, for reasons of the public interest, or for the establishment, exercise, or defence of legal claims;
pursuant to Article 18 GDPR to request the restriction of processing of your personal data insofar as you dispute the accuracy of the data, or processing is unlawful and you decline their erasure and we no longer need the data but you require them for the establishment, exercise, or defence of legal claims, or you have submitted an objection to processing pursuant to Article 21 GDPR;
pursuant to Article 20 GDPR to receive the personal data relating to you that you have provided to us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, or to request the transfer of the same to another controller;
pursuant to Article 7(3) GDPR to at any time revoke any consent you have provided to us. This will result in us no longer being permitted to continue the data processing that this consent relates to in the future, and
pursuant to Article 77 GDPR to lodge a complaint to a supervisory authority. Generally, you can contact the supervisory authority for your usual place of residence or the registered headquarters of our company for this purpose.
6. Right to object
If your personal data are processed based on legitimate interests pursuant to point (f) of the first sentence of Article 6(1) GDPR, you have the right to submit an objection to the processing of your personal data pursuant to Article 21 GDPR, provided that there are reasons to do so arising from your particular situation, or if the objection relates to direct advertising. In the latter case, you have a general right to object which we will implement without requiring a particular situation to be stated.
If you would like to exercise your right to revoke consent or to object, it is sufficient to do so by sending an e-mail to datenschutz_shc@sanitas-online.de.
7. Data security
During your visit to our website, we use the popular TLS process in conjunction with the latest technology offering the highest level of encryption supported by your browser. You can verify that information is being transmitted in encrypted format on the individual pages of our website by checking for the closed padlock icon in the bottom status bar of your browser.
We also use appropriate technical and organisational security measures to protect your data against accidental or intentional manipulation, partial or full loss, destruction or unauthorised access by third parties. Our security measures are continually being improved in line with technological developments.
8. Obligation to make data available
In the context of using the website, you are required to make available personal data that are essential for service provision. Without these data, we are not able to provide the service.