COPDATE PRIVACY POLICY
Last modified
: February 1, 2021
Effective date
: February 1, 2021
Introduction and Acceptance
Welcome to Copdate and thank you for visiting our Privacy Statement.  This Privacy Statement outlines the information we collect, how we may use and disclose it, and what your options are with respect to our practices.  If you have any questions, please contact us at
support@copdate.com
By visiting and/or using the Copdate mobile applications and/or Websites, you agree to be bound by the terms of the present Privacy Policy (the “Policy”).
The Policy was last modified on the date referenced above. Copdate reserves the right, at any time and without prior notice, to modify or replace any of the Policy. Any changes to the Policy can be found at this URL. It is your responsibility to check the Policy periodically for changes. Your use of the Website following the posting of any changes to the Policy constitutes acceptance of those changes.
The Policy should be read in conjunction with the
Terms of Service
, as both these documents govern your use of the Copdate website and/or mobile applications.
In this Policy, a visitor to the Copdate website and/or user of the Copdate mobile applications may be referred to as “you” and/or “user”. When a user has created an account and is logged in, they may be referred to as a “Logged-in User”.
In this Policy, the terms “Website” and “Mobile Application” are used interchangeably and in both cases, each term refers jointly and severally to the Copdate mobile applications (iOS, Android; including any future versions or updates) and Copdate website (
www.Copdate.com
, including present and future subdomains).
General Statement of Privacy and Protection of Personal Information
COPDATE takes your privacy and security of personal information very seriously. We have provided a secure environment and this strict Policy that describes the limited ways the information is used and the limited access to such information.
Disclosure of Your Personal Information:
We may share your Personal Information with certain third parties without further notice to you, in the following circumstances: Copdate may share certain information collected through events with affiliated brand partners.
What Does This Privacy Policy Cover?
This Policy covers the treatment of personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”) and other information gathered by Copdate when you are using or accessing the Mobile Application. This Policy also covers Copdate’s treatment of any Personal Information that Copdate may share with its business partners or other third parties under very limited circumstances.
This Policy does not apply to the general practices and treatment of information (whether personal or not) by third parties that Copdate does not own or control, including but not limited to any third party websites or services that you elect to access through the Website or via a link from the Website (“Third Party Website”), or to individuals that Copdate does not manage or employ. While we attempt to facilitate access or link to only to those Third Party Websites that share our respect for your privacy, we cannot take responsibility for the content or privacy policies of those Third Party Websites. We encourage you to carefully review the privacy policies of any Third Party Website you access.
Finally, this Policy does not cover any Personal Information you send to Copdate via any non-secured mode of communications such as email, instant messenger or Twitter, as communications via these methods may be subject to interception, loss, or alteration. While we welcome your comments and suggestions sent to us in this manner, we encourage you to carefully examine what Personal Information you send to Copdate via these methods.
No Collection of Personal Information as a Matter of Course
Copdate does not, as a matter of course, gather any of your Personal Information while you are using the Website, unless you are asked to provide such information, for example by signing up for an account, participating in an event, making a purchase, or joining a mailing list. Personal Information is only gathered with your informed consent. Where you have provided Personal Information, it will only be used for the stated purpose.
DATA COLLECTION & USES
Location Data
We collect data such as the precise or approximate location of your mobile device while you are using the app and/or website if you enable us to do so.
Your location is used to determine eligibility for location-based events, to enhance the security & safety features of our apps, and to detect & prevent fraud. Location data may be collected while the app is open, in-use, running in the foreground or running in the background.
Transaction Information
We collect transaction information related to the use of our services, including the type of services requested or provided, date and time the service was provided, amount charged, event details, and payment method.
Usage data
We collect data about how users interact with our services. This includes data such as access dates and times, app features or pages viewed, app crashes and other system activity, type of browser, and third-party sites or services used before interacting with our services. In some cases, we collect this data through cookies, pixels, tags, and similar tracking technologies that create and maintain unique identifiers.
Device data
We may collect data about the devices used to access our services, including the hardware models, device IP address, operating systems and versions, software, preferred languages, unique device identifiers, advertising identifiers, serial numbers, and mobile network data.
How Personal Data is used
The personal data collected is used:
To provide, improve and maintain Copdate services and features
To enhance the safety and security of our users and services
For customer support
For research and development
To enable communications between users
To send marketing and non-marketing communications to users
In connection with legal proceedings
Copdate does not sell or share user personal data with third parties except with users’ consent or as otherwise stated in the present Policy.
Security of Information
Copdate uses only industry best practices (physical, electronic, and procedural) in keeping any data collected (including Personal Information) secure. In addition, Copdate uses third party vendors and hosting partners to provide the necessary hardware, software, networking, storage, and related technology required to run the Website and Mobile Applications, and these third parties have been selected for their high standards of security.
Limited Gathering of Information for Statistical, Analytical and Security Purposes
Copdate automatically collects certain information using a third-party analytics program,
Google Analytics
, to help us understand how our users use the Website, but none of this information identifies you personally. For example, each time you visit the Website we may collect your IP address, browser and computer type, access times, the web page from which you came, and the web page(s) you access (as applicable). We use information collected in this manner only to better understand your needs and the needs of the Website users in the aggregate. Copdate also makes use of information gathered for statistical purposes to keep track of the number of visits to the Website and which pages on the Website with a view to introducing improvements.
Copdate reserves the right to use additional analytical or statistical programs or services in the future. Where any Personal Information is transferred to a third party in this manner, this section will be updated accordingly, though there may be a delay in the update.
Your IP address and other relevant information may be used in order to trace any fraudulent or criminal activity, or any activity in violation of the Terms and Conditions.
Non-disclosure of Personal Information to Third Parties
Except as provided in this Policy, Copdate does not divulge any Personal Information gathered via the Website to third parties. Moreover, Copdate does not sell, rent, trade or license any Personal Information regarding its users to third parties. Only the employees, representatives, subcontractors, officers, agents, or assigns of Copdate are responsible for the management and development of the Website, and only these individuals have access to the information collected there. These employees, representatives, subcontractors, officers, agents or assigns all have been instructed to comply with the Policy.
Notwithstanding anything in the Policy to the contrary, we may share any information we have collected about you or that you have submitted: (1) in response to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish, protect, or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims or demands; (2) if we believe it is necessary in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, fraud, or situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person, or any violation of the Terms and Conditions; (3) if we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding situations that involve abuse of the Website infrastructure or the Internet in general (such as voluminous spamming, denial of service attacks, or attempts to compromise the security of the Website infrastructure or the Website generally); (4) to a parent company, subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under common control with Copdate (in which case we will require such entities to honour this Policy); (5) if Copdate is acquired by or merged with another entity (in which case we will require such entity to assume our obligations under this Policy, or inform you that you are covered by a new privacy policy).
Copdate uses certain third party services in order to augment the Website. Personal information may be transferred from Copdate to these third party services, but only to the extent required in order for them to function properly, and only upon your express submission of such information. These third party services are limited to Facebook, Twitter, Tumblr, Pinterest Instagram and Google+ for sharing of Website content. If you are not already logged in to those third party services, your Personal Information required to login to those accounts is transferred securely from Copdate to the third party services. When your Personal Information is transferred to these third party services, it is covered by their respective privacy policies, which we encourage you to read.
Mailing List Management
Copdate may use a third party mailing list service provider (for example:
MailChimp
) to manage our mailing list and send out emails. Personal Information would be transferred to the mailing list service provider in order for the mailing list to function properly. Your Personal Information is only used for the proper sending out of email; the mailing list service provider does not use this Personal Information for any other purpose, and will not transfer or sell your Personal Information to any other third party.
You may unsubscribe from Copdate’s mailing list at any time, by following the link at the bottom of all Copdate emails.
Accounts and Deletion of Personal Information
You may create an account by entering your email address and choosing a password. It is your responsibility to create a password of sufficient length and complexity, and to keep it secure, in order to ensure the security of your Personal Information that can be accesses as a Logged-in User. Clients must create an account in order to use Copdate services.
If you wish to cancel your account and have all your Personal Information permanently deleted from our records, please
contact us
Tracking Technology ("Cookies")
Copdate uses tracking technology (“cookies”) on the Website and by using the Website you agree to their use. Cookies are small text files placed on your hard drive when you visit a web site, in order to track use of the site and to improve the user experience by storing certain data on your computer. The Website uses “session cookies,” which improve your user experience by storing certain information from your current visit on your computer.
Your browser can be set to refuse cookies or delete them after they have been stored. Please refer to your browser’s help section for instructions. Please note that deleting these cookies may reduce your user experience for the Website by requiring you to re-enter certain information, including information required to use the Website and make purchases, such as account login information. Furthermore, as we use authentication cookies, deleting those cookies may prevent certain functions, including the purchase process, from working at all. Copdate shall not be held responsible for any function that may not operate after you delete cookies, or any damages (pecuniary or otherwise) arising from those functions not operating, or having reduced functionality.
Risks Associated with the Internet
Despite Copdate's efforts to ensure third parties will not access or obtain your Personal Information through your use of the Website, complete confidentiality and security cannot currently be guaranteed on the Internet. Communication via the Internet is subject to interception, loss, or alteration. You acknowledge and agree that Copdate cannot be held responsible for damages resulting from the transmission of confidential information or Personal Information over the Internet and that such communications are at your own risk.
Limitation of Liability
Copdate, and / or its respective officers, directors, owners, officials, partners, partnerships, principals, employees, affiliates and other related entities, servants, agents, representatives, successors and assigns, will not be held liable for any damages resulting from the misuse of any information collected by any third party, or any misuse of any information collected through the Website not in violation of the Policy.
Compliance with Privacy Laws and Anti-Spam Laws
This Policy and Copdate’s practices in general are designed to be in compliance with Canada’s
Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act
(“PIPEDA”, S.C. 2000, c. 5) and Quebec’s
An Act Respecting the Protection Of Personal Information in the Private Sector
(R.S.Q. c. P-39.1). If you have any questions regarding this compliance, please contact us using the contact information further up in this policy.
Copdate is committed to ensuring that we respect anti-spam legislation, specifically the U.S. CAN-SPAM Act of 2003 (15 U.S.C. Ch. 103) and the Canadian law informally known as Canada’s Anti-Spam Law (“CASL”, S.C. 2010, c. 23). If you feel you have received emails from us in violation of these laws, please contact us using the contact information further up in this Policy.
THANK YOU FOR USING COPDATE