Privacy Policy
Preface
YOOSEE (hereinafter referred to as "
YOOSEE
" ,"
App
" or
      "
application
" )is a combination of hardware and software provided
      by GWELL TIMES(HK)CO.,LIMITED(hereinafter referred to as "
we
" or
      "
our company
" )
Smart hardware device refers to a device that can be controlled and
      managed in the application after being bound(hereinafter referred to as
      "
device
" or "
hardware
").
We take our users’ privacy very seriously. When you are using our products
      and services, we may collect and use your relevant information. We intend
      to explain to you how to collect, use, store and protect this information
      when you are using our services and how to access, update, control and
      protect this information based on this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy is closely related to our services you are using.
Please read this policy carefully before use, and use our products and
        services after full understanding and consent. Before you begin using
        YOOSEE products or services, you will be presented with this Privacy
        Policy to read and understand thoroughly. Your use of our products or
        services constitutes your explicit consent to the terms outlined in this
        policy.
I. How do we collect and use your information
1.1 Information provided by you to us
We will collect and use the minimum amount of your personal information
        necessary to provide our services effectively. Upon registration, we
        will explicitly request your email address and phone number, which will
        be used solely for account verification and communication purposes. We
        will also specify the use of any additional information collected at the
        time of collection.If you intend to make full use of various third-party
        sharing or login functions we provide, you may also obtain some
        information from your third-party account, including third-party
        accounts and avatars. The specific purposes and intents of collecting
        and using other information such as log information, local storage
        information, photos/videos/audios, WiFi information, memory reading or
        modification are described in the following. We will apply the
        technology compliant with regulations to encrypt and store the
        information with your explicit consent and protect the security of your
        personal information.
1.2 Our purposes and intents of obtaining information when you are using
      our services
We will collect information about the services you are using for the
      following purposes and intents:
Log information
When you are using our services, we will automatically collect certain
          information and store in the server log or write to the external
          memory of the mobile phone. Such information includes:
When an error or exception occurs in using application services
When the application is crashed during running, we will write the
            error log to the external memory, and the user can decide whether to
            send it to us
Local storage
User screenshots and video files will be stored in the external
            memory of the mobile phone
When the application is running, data cache and user data are stored
            in the database for local storage.
Location information
Get a list of WiFi networks in your location
Connect a smart hardware device to the WiFi of your choice.
Reset the route of outgoing calls
You can give a call (user) or initiate a video call request by a
            certain special device. At this time, the application should check
            the incoming and outgoing status of the mobile calls, and hang up
            the external video call when there is an incoming or outgoing call.
Take photos, videos and audio recordings
When a video call request is made from another device, the data
            collected by the camera and microphone should be sent to the device
When certain types of devices (such as NVR) supported by the
            application are added, you can add a new networked device by
            scanning the QR code, and collect data by calling the camera.
Read, modify or delete USB storage content
When viewing camera data, the app allows the users to take
            screenshots and save them in the storage medium of the mobile phone,
            and view the content saved by the users in the app
View network connection, change network connection and obtain full
          network access
The application should read network information when configuring the
            network for the camera, and provide the users with limited account
            system functions
Receive WLAN multicast
The application can detect other cameras in the same LAN, and should
            exchange data with cameras not added yet through WLAN multicast
Change system settings
The application provides some settings for users, such as auto-start
            and silent mode for video surveillance.
List of existing apps
Determine whether third-party sharing and payment applications are
            installed, and call third-party applications when users are using
            video sharing, payment and other functions
Software upgrade prompt;
You are allowed to participate in investigation on our products and
          services.
1.3 Permissions call details
II. How do we store your personal information
In cases where data transfer is necessary, we will inform you of the legal
      basis for the transfer and the measures we have taken to secure your data.
      Your personal information will be retained for a specified period that
      aligns with the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy. We will define
      the retention period and describe the process for data disposal once the
      period expires.We will apply various security technologies and programs to
      prevent loss, improper use, unauthorized viewing or disclosure of
      information. For example, in some services, we will apply encryption
      technology (such as SSL) to protect the personal information you have
      provided. However, please understand that due to technical limitations and
      various possible malicious methods, we cannot guarantee that the
      information is perfectly safe, even if you spare no effort to strengthen
      security measures in the Internet industry.
III. How do we share, transfer, and publicly disclose your personal
      information
3.1 Sharing
We will not share your personal information with any company,
        organization or individual, except in the following circumstances:
1. We will share your personal information with others with your
        explicit consent.
2. We may share your personal information externally in accordance with
        laws and regulations, the need for litigation dispute resolution, or the
        requirements of administrative and judicial authorities in accordance
        with the laws.
3. To the extent permitted by laws and regulations, it is necessary to
        share your personal information in order to protect the interests,
        property or safety of YOSEE's affiliates or partners, you or other
        users, or the public from damage.
4. Sharing between affiliates: in cases where our affiliates provide
        services to you and to us, we may share your personal information with
        our affiliates. However, we only share necessary personal information,
        and the processing of your information by related parties is governed by
        this privacy policy. If the affiliates intend to change the purpose of
        processing your personal information, they will seek your authorization
        and consent again.
5. Sharing with partners: We will share necessary personal information
        (or SMS messages or incoming numbers that you report), or summarized
        information, anonymized information or your other personal information
        that will not identify you personally (for example, we may tell
        application developers how many people have installed the applications
        they have developed) with our suppliers, service providers, consultants,
        agents, third-party advertisers, application developers, open platforms
        or other partners only for lawful, legitimate, necessary, specific and
        clear purposes and for the purposes stated in this policy, with your
        express authorization and consent, to provide better customer service
        and user experience. These suppliers, service providers, consultants and
        agents may provide us with technical infrastructure services, analyze
        how to use our services, measure the effectiveness of advertisements and
        services, provide customer services and payment services, conduct
        academic research and surveys, or provide legal, financial and technical
        advisory services. For example, we may occasionally invite you to
        participate in sweepstakes. If you are lucky enough to win the prize, we
        need to provide your personal information to the logistics service
        provider in order to send you our prizes or arrange for the partners to
        provide services. All of our partners have no right to use the shared
        personal information for other purposes unrelated to products or
        services.
For companies, organizations and individuals with whom we share personal
        information, we will sign strict data protection agreements with them,
        requiring them to process personal information in accordance with our
        instructions, this policy and any other relevant confidentiality and
        security measures.
Third-party SDK partners and information sharing
A list of third-party SDKs used, their purposes, and the data they
        collect will be provided in our application settings for transparency.
3.2 Transfer
We will not transfer your personal information to any other companies,
        organizations or individuals, except in the following circumstances:
1. With the development of the Company's business, we and our affiliates
        may conduct M&A, asset transfers or other similar transactions. If the
        relevant transaction involves the transfer of your personal information,
        we will require new companies, organizations and individuals that hold
        your personal information to continue to be bound by this policy,
        otherwise we will require such companies, organizations and individuals
        to obtain your authorization and consent again.
2. It is required by the laws, regulations, legal procedures, or
        mandatory government requirements or judicial decisions.
3. Transfer with your explicit consent, that is, after obtaining your
        explicit consent, we will transfer the personal information we have
        obtained to other parties.
3.3 Disclosure
We will only publicly disclose your personal information in the
        following circumstances:
1. Your explicit consent has been obtained.
2. We may publicly disclose your personal information when required by
        laws, legal procedures, litigation or government authorities.
3. To the extent permitted by laws and regulations, it is necessary to
        share your personal information in order to protect the interests,
        property or safety of YOSEE's affiliates or partners, you or other
        users, or the public from damage.
4. Other circumstances stipulated by laws and regulations.
If personal information that has been de-identified is shared and
        transferred and the data recipient cannot restore and re-identify the
        subject of personal information according to laws, which is not
        categorized into sharing, transfer and public disclosure of personal
        information, such data can be stored and processed without further
        notice or your consent.
IV. Your right to manage personal information
4.1 Access and correct your personal information
Detailed instructions on how to access, modify, or delete your personal
        information will be available in the application's privacy settings.
4.2 Delete your personal information
You have the right to request us to delete your personal information in
        the following circumstances:
1. We have collected your personal information without your explicit
        consent.
2. We have processed your personal information in violation of the laws
        and regulations.
3. We have used and processed your personal information in violation of
        the agreements with you.
4. You have logged out your account, uninstalled, or no longer use our
        products (or services).
5. We stop providing services to you.
You can contact us to request the deletion of your personal information
        by the methods provided in this privacy policy, and we will reply within
        15 working days. When we delete your personal information from the
        server, we may not delete the corresponding data from the backup system
        immediately, but we will delete this information when the backup is
        updated.
4.3 Log off your personal account
You have the right to log out your reputable account. You can perform
        online operations by accessing the account information in the upper
        right corner of the "Me" app - "Close the account". If you intend to log
        out your account, your account will not be used and the related account
        information will be cleared, and you can no longer use the product
        functions and services by logging in to the account.
After you have logged out your account, we will no longer provide you
        with the corresponding products (or services), and delete or anonymize
        your personal information within 10 working days, except in cases where
        we are required to save relevant information according to the laws and
        regulations.
V. How do we process personal information of minors
We attach great importance to the protection of your information. We will
      not provide products or services based on age, but our products
      and/services will only be provided to the adults with full capacity for
      civil conduct according to the nature. Individuals under the age of 18
      must obtain and provide verifiable consent from a parent or guardian
      before using our services. We will implement an age verification process
      and require parental consent as part of the account creation for minors.
      If you intend to collect information through our products and/or services
      or provide us with personal information of the minors to interact with the
      children, please ensure that you have obtained prior authorization and
      consent of your statutory guardian.
VI. Changes and revisions to privacy policy
Our privacy policy may change. Without your explicit consent, we will not
      restrict your rights in accordance with this privacy policy.
For major changes to this privacy policy, we will also provide noticeable
      notifications (for example, when the software is revised or upgraded, or
      you log in again, we will promptly notify you in the form of pop-up
      windows).
The major changes referred to in this policy include but are not limited
      to:
1. Our service model has undergone major changes, such as the purpose of
        processing personal information, the type of personal information
        processed, the way of using personal information;
2. Major changes have taken place in our control and other aspects, such
        as owner changes caused by M&A, reorganization, etc.;
3. The main objects of personal information sharing, transfer or public
        disclosure have changed;
4. Your right to participate in the processing of personal information
        and how to exercise it has undergone major changes;
5. Our responsible department for handling personal information
        security, contact information and complaint channels change;
6. The personal information security impact assessment report shows that
        there is a high risk.
VII. How to contact us
For any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy or your
      personal data, please contact us at
Email: support@gwell.cc
Gwell Times(HK)Co., Limited(技威时代香港有限公司)
Address：RM 1005,10/F,HO KING COMMERCIAL CENTRE, 2-16FA YUEN
      STREET,MONGKOK,KLN HONGKON
Under normal circumstances, we will respond to your request within 15
      working days. We are committed to complying with all applicable privacy
      laws and regulations, including but not limited to the General Data
      Protection Regulation (GDPR) for users within the European Union. Our
      Privacy Policy is designed to meet these legal requirements and protect
      the rights of our users.
VIII. Effectiveness of privacy policy
This policy will be updated on August 15, 2021, and will come into
        effect on August 15, 2021.
Our Privacy Policy is subject to regular review and updates to ensure
        it remains current and compliant with applicable laws and regulations.
        Any changes will be posted on this page. We encourage you to review the
        policy regularly for updates.