Privacy Policy
We collect certain information or data about you when you use EventReference.com.
We collect :-
The data you fill in on the registration form.
Your IP address, and details of which version of web browser you used.
Information on how you use the site, using cookies.
This data can be viewed by authorised staff for the legitimate business interests of Reference Technology Ltd which in this case is to :
Administer our service.
Send you information and guides about how to use our tools.
Send you emails for transactions and for functions like "reset my password".
Where your data is stored
We store your data on secure servers in the European Economic Area (EEA).
We also use a third party emailing service (MailChimp.com) to deliver some of the content and marketing emails. MailChimp stores your data on servers outside of the EEA and has their own privacy policy which is available
here
. We will share only the information necessary to send you emails with that provider. You can opt out of those emails at any time by using the "unsubscribe" link in each email or by opting out when you register for a user account.
By submitting your personal data, you agree to this.
Keeping your data secure
Sending information over the internet is generally not completely secure, and we can’t guarantee the security of your data while it’s in transit.
Any data you send is at your own risk.
We have procedures and security features in place to keep your data secure once we receive it.
We will only store your data until 12 months after you delete your user account.
Disclosing your information
We will only pass on your personal information if we have a legal obligation to do so.
We will not share your information with any other organisations for marketing, market research or commercial purposes, and we won't pass on your details to other companies or websites.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about our use of your data then please contact us by emailing
gdpr@eventreference.com
.
Information about our use of cookies
Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our site. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer if you agree. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer's hard drive.
We use the following cookies:
Analytical/performance cookies
. They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
Analytical cookies
Universal Analytics (Google)
_ga
_gali
_gat_UA-1036645-1
_gid
These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our website. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the website. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the website and blog, where visitors have come to the website from and the pages they visited.
Read Google's overview of privacy and safeguarding data
Please note that third parties (including, for example, advertising networks and providers of external services like web traffic analysis services) may also use cookies, over which we have no control. These cookies are likely to be analytical/performance cookies or targeting cookies.
You block cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of our site.
Environmental Policy
RefTech in society
We are very conscious that we have a corporate social responsibility and we are constantly seeking ways to minimise our impact on the environment as well as making a contribution to society as a whole. The ways in which we do
				this are varied but include factors such as providing a plastic badge recycling service. Badges that are returned to us are sent to a certified recycling centre where they are chipped and used to make buckets, trays and bottles.
We try to keep the use of paper and laser printers to a minimum in our day to day business and re-use and recycle as many materials as possible. We have a policy of turning off electronic equipment that is not in use and work hard
				to minimise the numbers of miles driven by our staff.
In addition, our staff are encouraged to make a positive contribution to their local communities through voluntary work and we maintain regular contributions to a variety of charities including those working to improve conditions
				for people in developing countries.
Plastic badges that are returned to us are recycled by an authorised contractor.
Development Policy
Our approach has always been to develop all of our products and services on a continuous basis. Sometimes these developments arise out of ideas we have. Sometimes they arise out of requests from our customers. Either way, the result is a better product for everybody.
If you need something that is not described here, call us… we may agree that it is a great idea and develop it for you.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245:
Skip to main content
Safeguarding your data
Laws protecting user privacy such as the
European Economic Area’s General Data Protection Regulation
and other privacy laws that establish various rights for applicable US-state residents impact content publishers, application developers, website visitors, and application users. See also
the Google privacy policy
and Google’s site for
customers and partners
. Currently such regulations apply to specific geographic regions, but publishers and application developers often implement controls that affect the experience of users in all regions.
Google is committed to protecting data confidentiality and security. It is important to understand your privacy options, whether in the role of a publisher or a consumer. This page provides information on data collection and security for:
Content publishers and app developers (“customers”) using Google measurement products.
Website visitors and app users (“users”) of sites and apps using Google measurement products.
Data collection
Google customers use tags on web pages and an SDK for mobile apps to enable Google measurement products. The measurement data collected helps customers understand their users’ needs and, optionally, personalize the user experience and offer relevant advertising (see
Advertising personalization
).
Google tags and the SDK use cookies and app instance IDs, respectively, to measure user interaction. While these identifiers provide information about user behavior, Google prohibits customers from sending
Personally Identifiable Information
to Google Analytics. Even so, use of cookies and app IDs falls under the privacy laws mentioned previously. Google customers need to inform users about the information being stored and give them the opportunity to grant or deny their consent.
See the following sections on this page to:
Learn how Google collects and processes information about website and app usage:
Information for sites and apps using Google Analytics
.
Learn about our user policies and controls:
Information for visitors of sites and apps using Google Analytics
.
Download this diagram that explains how Google Analytics collects, filters, and stores data.
Information for visitors of sites and apps Using Google Analytics
Our privacy policy
At Google, we are keenly aware of the trust you place in us and our responsibility to keep your privacy and data secure. As part of this responsibility, we let you know what information we collect when you use our products and services, why we collect it, and how we use it to improve your experience. The
Google privacy policy & principles
describes how we treat personal information when you use Google's products and services, including Google Analytics.
Google Analytics cookies and identifiers
Google Analytics mainly uses first-party cookies to report on visitor (aka. user) interactions on Google Analytics customers’ websites. Users may disable cookies or delete any individual cookie.
Learn more
In addition, Google Analytics supports an optional browser
add-on
that - once installed and enabled - disables measurement by Google Analytics for any site a user visits. Note that this add-on only disables Google Analytics measurement.
Where a site or app uses Google Analytics for Apps or the Google Analytics for Firebase SDKs, Google Analytics collects
an app-instance identifier
— a randomly generated number that identifies a unique installation of an App. Whenever a user resets their Advertising Identifier (Advertising ID on Android, and ID for Advertisers on iOS), the app-instance identifier is also reset.
Where sites or apps have implemented Google Analytics with other Google Advertising products, like Google Ads, additional advertising identifiers may be collected. Users can opt-out of this feature and manage their settings for this cookie using the
Ads Settings
.
Learn more
Information for sites and apps using Google Analytics
Google Analytics under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
Google operates as a data processor for Google Analytics. This is reflected in our Ads Data Processing Terms, which are available to all Google Analytics customers with direct contracts with Google.
Learn more
Google Analytics is a data processor under GDPR because Google Analytics collects and processes data on behalf of our clients, pursuant to their instructions. Our customers are data controllers who retain full rights over the collection, access, retention, and deletion of their data at any time. Google’s use of data is controlled by the terms of its contract with Google Analytics customers and any settings enabled by customers through the user interface of our product.
Google Analytics under privacy laws in the United States
In order to help Google Analytics customers prepare for laws that establish various rights for applicable US-state residents, we have updated our
Data Processing Terms
to include a
U.S. State Privacy Laws Service Provider and Processor Addendum
. Subject to the full terms of this addendum, Google Analytics will act as a service provider to its customers (when data sharing with Google products and services is disabled) and as such, will only use data collected on behalf of the customer in Google Analytics to provide the Google Analytics services. Customers who have not accepted our
Data Processing Terms
can do so
per these instructions
. Customers who have already agreed to our
Data Processing Terms
will not need to take additional action to accept the CCPA service provider addendum. Customers should review the
U.S. State Privacy Laws Service Provider and Processor Addendum
, as well as Google Analytics’ use of data, to ensure it meets customer’s compliance needs.
To help customers manage their compliance needs, Google Analytics offers a collection of tools, detailed below, that enable you to control how data is collected, and whether it is used for advertising personalization.
If you have linked Google Analytics to another product, please refer to
Google Analytics linking overview
.
Google Analytics under the Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados (LGPD)
Google operates as a data processor for Google Analytics. This is reflected in our Ads Data Processing Terms, which are available to all Google Analytics customers with direct contracts with Google.
Learn more
Google Analytics is a data processor under LGPD because Google Analytics collects and processes data on behalf of our clients, pursuant to their instructions. Our customers are data controllers who retain full rights over the collection, access, retention, and deletion of their data at any time. Google’s use of data is controlled by the terms of its contract with Google Analytics customers and any settings enabled by customers through the user interface of our product.
International transfers
See
here
for information on data transfers via Google Analytics.
Data Collected by Google Analytics
First-party cookies
Google Analytics collects first-party cookies, data related to the device/browser, IP address (when collecting data, Google Analytics 4 does not log or store IP addresses), and on-site/app activities to measure and report statistics about user interactions on the websites and/or apps that use Google Analytics. Customers may customize cookies and the data collected with features like
cookie settings
,
User-ID
,
Data Import
, and
Measurement Protocol
.
Learn more
Google Analytics customers who have for instance, enabled the analytics.js or gtag.js collection method can control whether or not they use cookies to store a pseudonymous or random client identifier. If the customer decides to set a cookie, the information stored in the local first-party cookie is reduced to a random identifier (e.g., 12345.67890).
For customers who use the Google Analytics for Apps SDK, we collect an App Instance Identifier, which is a number that is randomly generated when the user installs an app for the first time.
Advertising identifiers
Where customers use
Google Analytics Advertising Features
, Google advertising cookies are collected and used to enable features like Remarketing on the Google Display Network. These features are subject to the users’
Ads Settings
, the
Policy requirements for Google Analytics Advertising Features
and
Google’s EU User Consent policy
, which requires customers to obtain consent for cookies where legally required—including consent for personalized ads. For more information about how Google uses advertising cookies, visit the
Google Advertising Privacy FAQ
. It is possible to implement Google Analytics without affecting normal data collection where Advertising features are disabled until consent is obtained (see
Privacy Controls in Google Analytics
), as well as prevent certain data from being used for advertising personalization purposes (See
Advertising Personalization below
).
PII prohibition
Our contracts prohibit customers from sending
Personally Identifiable Information
to Google Analytics. Customers should follow these
Best Practices
to ensure PII is not sent to Google Analytics.
What is the data used for?
Google uses Google Analytics data to provide the Google Analytics measurement service to customers. Identifiers such as cookies and app instance IDs are used to measure user interactions with a customer’s sites and/or apps, while IP addresses are used to provide and protect the security of the service, and to give the customer a sense of where in the world their users come from. Customers may also choose to use the data collected by Google Analytics for site/app personalization or advertising purposes, including ads personalization (See
Advertising Personalization below
).
Data access
We do not share Google Analytics data without the customer’s authorization (including via settings in the product user interface), or as otherwise expressly permitted under the terms of their Google Analytics agreement, except in limited circumstances when required by law.
Customers may control their own access to data in their Analytics accounts or properties by configuring view and edit permissions for employees or other representatives who may login to their Analytics account.
Learn more
Security-dedicated engineering teams at Google guard against external threats to data. Internal access to data (e.g., by employees) is limited by strict access controls (both internal policy controls and automated technical controls such as authentication, SSL, and security logs) to only those with a business need to access it.
Product linking summary
Where customers link their Analytics property to another Google product or service account (“Integration Partner”), certain data from that Analytics property may be accessed and exported into the linked account. Once data is exported through a linking integration, it becomes subject to the Integration Partner’s terms and policies.
Note that once data is sent to an Integration Partner, that the data sent is subject to the terms of that Integration Partner and that Google Analytics no longer maintains access or control over that data.
Customers may review and manage their product integration linkings at any time within the Analytics product linking summary user interface.
Data sharing
Google Analytics provides several data sharing settings to customers, through which customers may customize how data collected using an Analytics data collection method (like the JavaScript code, mobile SDKs, and the Measurement Protocol) may be accessed and used by Google according to customer preferences. Note that these settings only apply to data collected from websites, mobile apps, and other digital devices using Analytics; they do not apply to data relating to a customer’s use of Analytics, such as the number of properties and which additional features are configured. Regardless of a customer’s data sharing settings, Analytics data may also be used only insofar as necessary to maintain and protect the Analytics service.
Learn more
Data Controls for retention, deletion, and portability
Data retention
With the
Data Retention controls
, customers can limit or expand the duration for which their user-level and event-level data is stored in Google Analytics servers. All customers should review their Data Retention settings and ensure the appropriate retention is selected.
User deletion
Customers may delete a single user’s data from Google Analytics by passing a single user identifier to the
Google Analytics User Deletion API
or via our
User Explorer report
. However, this does not delete aggregate data associated with that user, such as page URLs visited.
User-level data access and portability
Customers may pull event information for any given user identifier via our
User Explorer report
or the
User Activity API
. These features enable customers to analyze and export event level data for a single user identifier. In addition, our 360 customers may integrate with BigQuery to create a full export of all event data associated with their users in a single queryable repository.
Advertising personalization
Customers may choose to limit use of their analytics data for advertising personalization purposes, instead of disabling the collection of all analytics data or advertising identifiers (see “
Privacy Controls in Google Analytics
”). Customers may choose to disable Advertising Personalization for data collected from their entire property, or to disable it for individual events or users (for
apps
,
websites
, and
measurement protocol
). Customers using Google Analytics for Firebase or Google Analytics 4 properties may also
exclude specific events or user properties
(like ‘purchase’ or ‘gender’) from being used for Ads Personalization.
If any of 1) all property-level data, 2) individual events, or 3) specific event names or user properties have been excluded from ads personalization, then Analytics will append an additional signal (called ‘npa’) in Postbacks indicating that networks should not use the data for personalized advertising. Note that each network's treatment of such 'npa' signal is determined by such network.
Data privacy and security
Certifications
ISO 27001
Google has earned ISO 27001 certification for the systems, applications, people, technology, processes, and data centers serving a number of Google products, including Google Analytics.
Learn more about our ISO compliance, and download our certificate (PDF)
or
learn more about ISO 27001
.
Information security
In web-based computing, security of both data and applications is critical. Google dedicates significant resources towards securing applications and data handling to prevent unauthorized access to data.
Data is stored in an encoded format optimized for performance, rather than stored in a traditional file system or database manner. Data is dispersed across a number of physical and logical volumes for redundancy and expedient access, thereby obfuscating it from tampering.
Google applications run in a multi-tenant, distributed environment. Rather than segregating each customer's data onto a single machine or set of machines, data from all Google users (consumers, business, and even Google's own data) is distributed among a shared infrastructure composed of Google's many homogeneous machines and located in Google's data centers.
In addition, Google Analytics ensures secure transmission of its JavaScript libraries and measurement data. Google Analytics by default uses HTTP Strict Transport Security (HSTS), which instructs browsers that support HTTP over SSL (HTTPS) to use that encryption protocol for all communication between end users, websites, and Google Analytics servers.
Learn more
Operational security and disaster recovery
To minimize service interruption due to hardware failure, natural disaster, or other catastrophe, Google implements a comprehensive disaster-recovery program at all of its data centers. This program includes multiple components to eliminate single points of failure, including the following:
Data replication
: To help ensure availability in the event of a disaster, Google Analytics data stored in Google's distributed file system is replicated to separate systems in different data centers.
Geographical distribution of data centers
: Google operates a geographically distributed set of data centers that is designed to maintain service continuity in the event of a disaster or other incident in a single region.
Resilient and redundant infrastructure
: Google's computing clusters are designed with resiliency and redundancy in mind, helping minimize single points of failure and the impact of common equipment failures and environmental risks.
Continuity plan in the event of disaster
: In addition to the redundancy of data and regionally disparate data centers, Google also has a business-continuity plan for its headquarters in Mountain View, CA. This plan accounts for major disasters, such as a seismic event or a public-health crisis, and it assumes people and services may be unavailable for up to 30 days. This plan is designed to enable continued operations of our services for our customers.
Give feedback about this article
Choose a section to give feedback on
Was this helpful?
How can we improve it?
Yes
No
Submit
Post to the help community
Get answers from community members
Contact us
Tell us more and we’ll help you get there
true
Data privacy and security
1 of 24
Safeguarding your data
2 of 24
Privacy controls in Google Analytics
3 of 24
[GA4] Data redaction
4 of 24
Introduction to user consent management
5 of 24
[GA4] Verify and update consent settings in Google Analytics
6 of 24
[GA4] Behavioral modeling for consent mode
7 of 24
Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on
8 of 24
[UA] IP masking in Universal Analytics [Legacy]
9 of 24
[GA4] Policy requirements for Google Analytics Advertising Features
10 of 24
Data Processing Terms
11 of 24
We use our own products
12 of 24
Data retention
13 of 24
[GA4] Data-deletion requests
14 of 24
Data deletion requests (Universal Analytics) [Legacy]
15 of 24
ISO 27001 Certification
16 of 24
Google Analytics links overview
17 of 24
Account setup with additional privacy features
18 of 24
Best practices to avoid sending Personally Identifiable Information (PII)
19 of 24
Data Transparency Policy Against Fingerprints and Locally Shared Objects
20 of 24
Data controls in Universal Analytics
21 of 24
Data controls in Google Analytics 4
22 of 24
[GA4] EU-focused data and privacy
23 of 24
HIPAA and Google Analytics
24 of 24
Data sharing settings
Choose your own learning path
Check out
google.com/analytics/learn
, a new resource to help you get the most out of Google Analytics 4. The new website includes videos, articles, and guided flows, and provides links to the Google Analytics Discord, Blog, YouTube channel, and GitHub repository.
Start learning today!
Search
Clear search
Close search
Main menu
Google apps
9035847808310116048
true
Search Help Center
true
true
true
Google Help
Help Center
Get started with Analytics
Collect and manage data
Report and explore
Advertising and attribution
Audiences and remarketing
Manage accounts, properties, and users
Google Analytics 360
Migrate from UA to GA4 [Legacy]
Policies and data privacy
Community
Analytics
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Submit feedback
Introduction to Analytics
Set up Analytics
Guides and videos
Troubleshoot
Glossary
Events and key events
Import data from external systems
Integrations
Measure ecommerce
Measure lead generation
[GA4] First-party data
Reports
Explorations
Dimensions and metrics
Analytics Intelligence
The Analytics app
How data is stored and displayed
Regular expressions [Legacy]
Understand advertising
Understand attribution
Manage and configure attribution
iOS conversion measurement
[GA4] Set up audiences
[GA4] Use audiences for advertising and remarketing
[GA4] Audiences for common marketing objectives
[GA4] Troubleshoot audiences
[GA4] Subproperties
[GA4] Roll-up properties
[GA4] Subproperties
[GA4] Roll-up properties
How data is stored and displayed
Data privacy and security
true
true
69256
false
false
Inaccurate - doesn't match what I see in the product
Hard to understand - unclear or translation is wrong
Missing info - relevant but not comprehensive
Irrelevant - doesn’t match the title and / or my expectations
Minor errors - formatting issues, typos, and / or broken links
Other suggestions - ideas to improve the content
Share additional info or suggestions
​
​
Do not share any personal info
Cancel
Submit
By continuing, you agree Google uses your answers,
account & system info
to improve services, per our
Privacy
&
Terms
.
false