Products
School Newsletters
School Websites
School App
School Booking System
Control Centre
Sports Tracker App
Advertising
About
Our Story
Partners
Testimonials
Resources
Knowledge Base
Schoolzine Tips
FAQs
Release Notes
Online Training
Contact Us
Schoolzine Insider
Book A Demo
Skip to content
Page not found
The page you are looking for might have been removed, had its name changed or is temporarily unavailable.
Go to homepage
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.schoolzine.com/privacy-policy/:
Products
School Newsletters
School Websites
School App
School Booking System
Control Centre
Sports Tracker App
Advertising
About
Our Story
Partners
Testimonials
Resources
Knowledge Base
Schoolzine Tips
FAQs
Release Notes
Online Training
Contact Us
Schoolzine Insider
Book A Demo
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Integrity and privacy of data remains at the highest level of importance for Schoolzine. We understand that your privacy is important to you and that you care about how your personal data is used. We respect and value the privacy of our customers and visitors and will only collect and use personal data in ways that are described here, and in a way that is consistent with our obligations and your rights under the law, including GDPR legislation.
1. What Does This Policy Cover? ​​
This policy applies to all products and services offered by Schoolzine Pty Ltd Australia and users of related websites and products including
Sports Tracker
. It outlines how we collect, use, store and process your personal data, and your rights as a data subject. As a visitor to our website and a Service Owner to which we provide a product or service, we are responsible for managing your data in connection with our services as a Data Controller.
Schoolzine Pty Ltd provides products and services in multiple regions which includes but is not limited to: Australia & New Zealand. You can view details regarding products and services provided in the EU region including United Kingdom and Ireland on the
Schoolzine Ltd website
.
For information about personal data stored within Schoolzine Pty Ltd products and services as a Service User, please contact the Service Owner (Data Controller). Schoolzine Pty Ltd acts as a Service Provider (Data Processor) on behalf of the Data Controllers.
2. What Are My Rights? ​
You have the following rights as a Data Subject, and as the Data Controller we will comply in respect of Your Data:
The right to access personal data we hold about you.
The right to have your personal data updated if any of your personal data held by us is inaccurate or incomplete
The right to be forgotten and Schoolzine to delete or otherwise dispose of your personal data.
The right to restrict (i.e. prevent) the processing of your personal data.
The right to object to us using your personal data for a particular purpose or purposes.
The right to data portability. If you have provided personal data to Schoolzine directly, we are using it with your consent or for the performance of a contract, you can request a copy of that personal data.
For more information about our use of your personal data or exercising your rights as outlined above, contact us using the details provided in Section 9.
3. What Personal Data do we collect?​
Schoolzine Website Visitors
Schoolzine collects information via our website, or where you otherwise provide us with information, including when you enter Schoolzine Pty Ltd promotions or complete Schoolzine Pty Ltd surveys and contact forms.
Where you submit an enquiry, we will use that information to respond and may also use such information for internal purposes such as monitoring and improving customer services.
We may collect information from you via our website which is not personally identifiable. For example, we may track information about the date and time you access a site, the type of browser you use and the web site from which you connected to the site. Our website collects this information by depositing “cookies” in your computer. For further details, view our
cookie policy.
Service owners
We collect and process information for the delivery of Schoolzine products and services. Section 4 outlines this further.
Service and product users
Service owners are responsible for managing consent for any data which is added or stored in  Schoolzine products and services.
This may include information previously provided by you or another parent or guardian including information such as your name, email address and other contact details for the delivery of newsletters and other important communication.
Schoolzine will at no time use or access information stored within products and services for purposes other than the publication and distribution of newsletters and account support as requested by the Service Owner.
Service Subprocessors
Schoolzine uses Amazon AWS as a sub processor for its data and systems. Data for Australian customers are stored within Australia in the Sydney data centres and no copies of data are produced outside of Australia. Types of data we may collect are listed below, all data is collected solely for the basic functionality of the platform and is not sent or transferred to any other third parties:
– First and Last Name
– Email Address
– Phone Number (not-compulsory)
– Group information (may be recorded, e.g. a user is part of the netball group and receives netball related information)
– School Name or Company or organisation name
– Job role
Depending on the specific features used, some data may be sent to a limited set off subprocessors including: “Burst SMS” (text messaging), “SparkPost” (emails).
Users information is not sent to any other system, however customers and school-side users (principals, administrators, liaisons, teachers, marketers, etc) may have their contact details sent to Xero, Hubspot, Brevo, Office 365 for the purposes of record keeping, marketing and billing.
4. How we use Personal Data​
We must always have a lawful basis for using personal data. This may be because the data is necessary for performance of a contract with you, because you have consented to the use of your personal data, or because it is in our legitimate business interests to use it. Your personal data may be used for one of the following purposes:
Providing and managing your account.
Supplying our products and services to you.
Personalising and tailoring our products and services for you.
Communicating with you. This may include responding to emails or calls from you.
Supplying you with information by email and post that you have provided consent
5. How Long we Keep Personal Data​
Schoolzine will not keep personal data longer than is necessary considering the reasons for which it was first collected.
Refer to Section 2 for further details on your right to be forgotten.
6. How and Where Do You Store My Personal Data?​
The security of your personal data is essential to us, and to protect your data, we take a number of important measures, including the following:
Data is stored within secure Data Centres in Australia
Protect data at rest using disk encryption
Protect data in transit using SSL certificates
Perform regular data backups
7. Do You Share My Personal Data?​
In some limited circumstances, we may be legally required to share certain personal data, if we are involved in legal proceedings or complying with legal obligations, a court order, or the instructions of a government authority.
Schoolzine may be required to disclose information to service providers or agents who act as sub-processors on our behalf in providing systems support for our services.
Accordingly, these service providers or agents will only process and store the basic contact details outlined below:
Name
Email address
Phone number
School, Company or organisation name
Job role
Service providers may include:
Customer relationship management platforms
Customer support and community platforms
Accounting and finance platforms
If any of your personal data is required by a third party, as described above, we will take steps to ensure that your personal data is handled safely, securely, and in accordance with your rights, our obligations, and the third party’s obligations under the law.
8. How Can I Access My Personal Data?
You may request a copy of the data that Schoolzine stores and the details within. This is known as a “subject access request”. All subject access requests can be sent to the email or postal addresses shown in Section 9.
There is no fee for your request unless it is deemed as ‘manifestly unfounded or excessive’ (for example, if you make repetitive requests) by Schoolzine, at which point a fee may be charged to cover Schoolzine’s administrative costs in responding.
Schoolzine will respond to your subject access request without undue delay and resolve your request within 30 days. If your request is more complex, more time may be required. You will be kept fully informed of our progress and timeframes required.
9. How Do I Contact You?
To contact Schoolzine regarding your personal data and data protection, including to make a subject access request, please use the following details:
Schoolzine Pty Ltd
48 School Road, Maroochydore, Queensland, Australia 4558
ABN: 79 123 804 991
Phone: 1300 795 503
Email address:
dpo@schoolzine.com
10. Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. This may be necessary, for example, if the law changes, or if we change our business in a way that affects personal data protection.