This is the Privacy Policy for Zenco Limited. Zenco Limited has Apps on the Apple Store, most notably 3 Minute Mindfulness.
This Privacy Notice explains in detail the types of personal data we may collect about you when you interact with us. It also explains how we will store and handle that data and protect it.
We hope the Privacy Notice will answer any questions you have, but please get in touch with us if you have any concerns. We will notify you of any changes.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to any third party websites or services that may be accessed through our services.
1.What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address or other details to help you with your experience.
2.How do we collect personal information?
Personal information may be collected from you when you create an account, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features.
3.How do we use your personal information?
We want to give our customers the best possible experience. We may use the information we collect from you in the following ways:
To improve our website in order to better serve you.
To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.
To send periodic emails regarding your order or other products and services.
Apple Health Data: We use this information solely for the purpose of providing you with health-related feedback and self-care suggestions. This information is not used for advertising or other use-based data mining purposes. Your Apple Health data is not accessible by other users of the Services and we will not share such information with third parties without your consent, except as detailed in the sections below.
If you wish to change how we use your data, please contact us at
support@zencoapps.com
or in writing to Zenco Limited, 20 Newerne Street, Lyndey, Glos. GL15 5RA, UK. If you choose not to share your personal data with us, or refuse certain contact permissions, we might not be able to provide some services you have asked for.
4.How do we protect your personal information?
We will treat your data with the utmost care and take all appropriate steps to protect it.
We do not use vulnerability scanning and/or scanning to PCI standards.
We do not use Malware Scanning.
We do not use an SSL certificate as Apple handles all payments and private information.
5.How long will we keep your personal data?
We will only keep your personal data for as long as is necessary for the purpose for which it was collected.
At the end of that retention period, your data will either be completely deleted or anonymised for use in a non-identifiable way for statistical analysis and/or business planning.
6.How can you stop the use of your personal data for direct marketing?
The ways in which you can stop direct marketing from us are as follows:
Click on the ‘unsubscribe’ link that is in any email communication that we send to you. We will then stop all further emails.
Manage your preferences within our apps and opt out by selecting/deselecting options in the ‘Settings’ section.
Inform us in writing at Zenco Limited, 20 Newerne Street, Lydney, Glos, GL15 5RA, UK.
It may be that you continue to receive notifications from us for a short period after changing preferences whilst our information systems are fully updated.
7.Third Party Disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide you with advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property, or safety.
However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Wherever possible, these third parties will not be provided with access to your Apple Health Data.
We are not responsible for the policies or the content, security or privacy practices of any third party. We recommend that you review the privacy policies of all third party services that you access.
Third party links:
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Google
: We use Google AdSense Advertising on our website. Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our site and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
Google’s advertising requirements can be summed up by Google’s Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users. For more information about Google’s Advertising Principles, please click
here
.
We have implemented the following:   Demographics and Interests Reporting
We along with third-party vendors, such as Google use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions, and other ad service functions as they relate to our website.
Opting out: Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising initiative opt out page or permanently using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on.
8.What are your rights concerning your personal data?
You have the right to request:
Access to the personal data we hold about you, free of charge (in most cases) and provided within one month.
The correction of your personal data if it is incorrect, incomplete or out of date.
The stopping or blocking of your personal information, or the limiting of the way we can use it, e.g. for direct marketing.
That we delete or remove your personal information from our systems.
That we move, transfer or copy your personal information.
Your right to withdraw consent
Whenever you have provided your consent to use your personal information, you have the right to change your mind and withdraw that consent at any time.
Where we rely on our legitimate interest
Where we are processing your personal information on the basis of our legitimate interest, you can ask us to stop for reasons relating to your individual situation. We must stop, unless we believe that we have a legitimate overriding reason to continue the processing of your personal information.
Direct marketing
You have the right to stop the use of your personal information for any direct marketing. We must always comply with your request to stop.
To make any enquiries, exercise your rights as set out in this Privacy Policy or make a complaint, please contact us at Zenco Limited, 20 Newerne Street, Lydney, Glos. GL15 5RA, UK.
We will explain the reasons for refusal, should we choose not to action your request(s). We will ask you to verify your identity before proceeding with any request you make under this Privacy Notice. If you have nominated a third party to act on your behalf, we will ask for proof that they have your permission to act on their behalf.
If you are not satisfied with the way any complaint you make in relation to the way your personal information is handled by us then you may be able to refer your complaint to the relevant data protection regulator. In the UK, this is the Information Commissioner’s Office.
9.Where may your personal data be processed?
There may be times when we will need to share your personal information with third parties and suppliers outside the European Economic Area (EEA). Your information may also be processed by some of our service providers that operate outside of the EEA. When we appoint service providers we take due care to ensure that they have appropriate security measures in place. We do our best to keep all your personal information secure. However, we cannot guarantee its security. By using our site, you accept the inherent risks of providing information online and will not hold us responsible for any breach of security.
International orders: if you place an order with us and are based outside of the UK, we will transfer the personal information that we collect from you
Protecting your data outside the EEA: we may transfer personal information that we have collected from you to third party data processors in countries that are outside of the EEA, for example the USA.
10.Use of children’s personal information
We do not specifically market to children under 16.
We do not knowingly collect or store any personal information about children under the age of 16. If we learn that we have collect personal information of a child under 16 years of age, then we will take steps to delete such information from our files as soon as possible
11.Do we use ‘cookies’?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We use cookies to:
Understand and save user’s preferences for future visits.
Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third party services that track this information on our behalf.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser’s Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If you disable cookies off, some features will be disabled. It won’t affect the users experience that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly.
However, you can still place orders.
As cited in (7), we are not responsible for the policies or the content, security or privacy practices of any third party. We recommend that you review the privacy policies of all third party services that you access.
12.Fair Information Practices
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:
We will notify the users via email within 7 business days.
We also agree to the individual redress principle, which requires that individuals have a right to pursue legally enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or a government agency to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
13.How does our site handle do not track signals?
We honor do not track signals and do not track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.
14.Does our site allow third party behavioral tracking?
It is important to note that we do not allow third party behavioral tracking.
15.Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
Zenco Limited
20 Newerne Street
Lydney,
Gloucestershire GL15 5RA
UK
support@zencoapps.com
This policy is effective from 24 May 2018 and replaces with immediate effect the Privacy Policy. We may, from time to time, make changes to this Privacy Policy to reflect changes to our privacy practices in accordance with legislation changes, best practice or site enhancements. We will let you know what these changes are by posting them to this page. We may also choose to notify you via email when there are significant changes and get your consent to make these changes where required by law. As a user it is your responsibility to ensure you check for changes on a regular basis so that you are aware of changes posted on this page. Changes posted on this page will become effective as soon as they are posted.