MyPark Website and Mobile App Privacy Policy
MyPark Corp.  (“MyPark”)
Website and Mobile App Privacy Policy
Revised as of October 21, 2024
The website located at www.usemypark.com (the “Website”) and its mobile application (“App”) is operated by MyPark Corp. (“MyPark” may hereinafter be referred to as “us,” “we,” and “our”).  MyPark has created this privacy policy to demonstrate our firm commitment to the privacy of our visitors and customers.  MyPark is committed to respecting your privacy and recognizing your need for appropriate protection and management of personally identifiable information you share with us (the phrases “personally identifiable information” and “personal information” mean any information by which you, individually, can be identified, such as your name, address, telephone number, etc.).  The purpose of this privacy policy is to inform you when you visit our Website or App how we use such information, and the choices you have regarding our use of, and your ability to review and correct, your information.
This Privacy Policy also governs your use of UseMyPark.com, the MyPark App and the collection, use, transfer, and processing of your personal information.  By using this Website or App, you consent to our Privacy Policy set out below.  All terms not defined in this document have the meaning ascribed to such terms in the Terms and Conditions between you and MyPark, which by use of this Website or App you agree to accept.
A
Special Notice about Children
Children (under the age of 18) are not eligible to use the Website or App unsupervised, and we ask that children do not submit any personal information to us.  If you are under the age of 18, you may only use this Website or App in conjunction with, and under the supervision of, your parents or guardians.
General
In general, you may visit many pages of the Website or App without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself.  We may track the Internet domain address from which people visit the Website or App and analyze this data for trends and statistics, but individual users will remain anonymous unless they voluntarily tell us who they are.
Sometimes (such as when register for our service) we will ask you to provide personal information about yourself, including but not limited to your name, addresses, telephone number, e-mail address, credit card information, billing address, birth date, gender, occupation, vehicle information, or personal interests.  We also maintain a record of your transactions.  Whether or not you choose to provide the information we request is entirely up to you.  But if you choose not to provide the information we request, you may be unable to access certain services, offers, and content on the Website or App.
Collection and Use of Personal Information
If you choose to provide information to us through our online or mobile registration, you may be asked to provide us with personal information, including your name, address, postal address and telephone number, your e-mail address, a password, and other identifying information (such as your mother's maiden name, city of birth, or pet name).  If you choose to register for our service, we will collect additional personal information, including your billing address and credit card number and expiration date in order to process your registration and purchases properly.  We may also collect information relating to the use of our service, such as the amount of time you use our service, the locations where you use our service, and biographical information about those who use our service. We also may ask you for personal information when you ask us for information, subscribe to a MyPark service or publication, or download information.
Your personal information enables us to provide you with the information you have requested, provide you with information regarding the status of your registration or transactions, fulfill your service requests, and provide you and third parties with information regarding future products and services that may suit your particular interests or that of third parties.  We also use your personal information to help identify you if you lose your password and to help you quickly find information on the Website or App.  In furtherance of these objectives, MyPark collects the following personal information:
Registration Information
: At the time you register to become a Registered User of the Website or App, you will be asked to complete a registration form which requires you to provide information such as your name, address, phone/fax number, email address and other personal biographical information as well as information about your business (“Registration Information”).
Publishing Information
: If you submit any information to MyPark to be published on the Website or App through the publishing tools, including but not limited to your registration or user profile, then you are deemed to have given consent to the publication of such information so long as they do not pertain to personal information (“Publishing Information”).
Service Information
: We record and retain records of using our service activities on our platform including but not limited to IP addresses, parking patterns, parking behavioral patterns, location patterns, user contact details, user profiles and so forth (“Service Information”).
Payment Information
: If you establish a credit account with us or our providers or if you purchase a service from MyPark or other Registered Users of the Website or App other vendors available through the Website or App, we may collect additional information, including billing information, credit card numbers and expiration dates and tracking information from checks or money orders (“Payment Information”).
Account Activities Information
: We record and retain the records of your Account activities when you use the MyPark services.  If you make use of the MyPark service or transactions online through MyPark’s web or mobile based transaction platform, we also collect information related to such transactions including the types and specifications of the service, parking time and location, biographical information, and any trade dispute records (“Account Activities Information”).
Statistical Information
: In addition, we gather statistical information about our Website and App Users, such as IP addresses, location software, operating system, software and hardware attributes, pages viewed, number of sessions, unique visitors, and so forth (“Statistical Information”).
Marketing Information
: From time to time, we gather information about our Users and prospective users during the use of their service or other avenues such as trade shows, marketing events, sales of our service to parking facilitates, and other functions for follow up marketing purposes (“Marketing Information”).
Personal Information
: From time to time, our Users may disclose personal data deliberately or inadvertently including without limitation to personal identifiers such as name, email addresses, telephone number, facsimile number, biographical information, location and parking habits, and IP address of individuals in the course of using the Website or App (“Personal Information”).
Collected Information
: Registration Information, Publishing Information, Service Information, Payment Information, Account Activities Information, Statistical Information, Marketing Information, Personal Information and any information we may collect from you through the use of cookies (see “Cookies” Section below), or from our affiliates or from other parties or through any other means, shall collectively be referred to as (“Collected Information”).
If you believe that any of your personal information is incorrect, or has been changed since your registration at the Website or App, please send an e-mail message to info@myparksystems.com explaining the correction or change and provide any relevant confirmation or reference number.
Safe Harbor
MyPark adheres to the U.S. safe harbor policy privacy principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access, and enforcement, and is registered with the
U.S. Department of Commerce's safe harbor program
.  If you have any questions regarding this policy, contact MyPark through the Website or the App to write to us MyPark’s corporate headquarters 2980 McFarlane Road, Suite 20, Miami, Florida 33133.
Cookies
The Website or App may use cookie technology to improve the quality of your experience.  A cookie is a small file that contains information sent by a website or mobile device that is saved on your hard disk by your computers browser.  Cookies store information that a website or mobile application may need in order to personalize your experience and gather website statistical data.  Any time you visit the Website or App to browse or to read or download information or to use our service, we collect and store the name of the domain and host from which you access the Internet (for example, msn.com, aol.com, etc.); the Internet protocol (IP) address of the computer you are using; the browser software you use and your operating system; the date and time you access the Website or App; and the Internet address of the website from which you linked directly to the Website.  We use this information to measure the number of visitors to areas of the Website or App, and to help us make the Website or App more useful and interesting to our visitors. Generally, we use cookies to identify you and enable us to access your Registration Information, Publishing Information, Service Information, Personal Information, or Payment Information so you do not have to re-enter it; gather statistical information about usage by Users; research visiting patters and help target advertisements based on User interests; assist our partners to track User visits to the Website or App and process orders; and track progress and participation in promotions. We use information from cookies in the aggregate to analyze for trends and statistics for personal and marketing purposes, and then discard it—we do not track individuals, only instances of entry onto the Website or App.
Some consumers may not know that cookies are being placed on their computers when they visit websites.  If you want to know when this happens, or to prevent it from happening, you can set your browser to advise you when a website attempts to place a cookie on your computer or mobile device.
Do We Share Your Information?
We will share your personal information with our partners and with third-party independent contractors for purposes of: (1) performing functions on behalf of MyPark, such as processing credit card transactions; (2) providing our partners and third-party independent contractors with parking and location based information about our the service habits of our users; (3) providing you with product offers via e-mail or postal mail; and (4) tracking information generated through the Website or App.  Our partners and third-party independent contractors are obligated contractually not to use or share your personal information for unauthorized purposes. In furtherance of these objectives, MyPark may use your personal information in the following ways.
General
: We use your Collected Information to improve your experience by statistically analyzing site and app usage, to improve our content, promotions, marketing, and product offerings and to customize our Website and App’s content, layout and service specifically for you. We may use your Collected Information to service your Account with us, including but not limited to investigating problems, resolving disputes and enforcing agreements with us. We may use your Collected Information to facilitate proper operation of our Site and business activities of its Users including without limitation to facilitation of effective communication between buyers and suppliers and marketing activities of Users. We do not otherwise sell, rent, trade or exchange any personally identifying information of our Users. We may provide your Collected Information to our affiliates and service providers under contract to support the operation of the Website or App and our services. We may share certain aggregate information based on analysis of Collected Information with our partners, customers, members, advertisers or potential Users. We may use your Collected Information to execute marketing campaigns, promotions or advertising messages on behalf of third parties; however, in these circumstances, your Collected Information will not be disclosed to such third parties unless you respond to the marketing, promotion or advertising message.
Registration Information
: We may use your Registration Information to provide services that you request or to contact you regarding additional services about which MyPark determines that you might be interested. Specifically, we may use your email address, mailing address, phone number, mobile number or fax number to contact you regarding notices, surveys, product alerts, new service or product offerings and communications relevant to your use of our Website or App. We may generate reports and analysis based on the Registration Information for internal analysis, monitoring and marketing decisions.
Publishing Information
: All of your Publishing Information will be publicly available on the Website or App and therefore accessible by any internet user. Any Publishing Information that you disclose to MyPark becomes public information and you relinquish any proprietary rights (including but not limited to the rights of confidentiality and copyrights) in such information. You should exercise caution when deciding to include personal or proprietary information in the Publishing Information that you submit to us.
Payment Information
: MyPark will share your Payment Information with banks or vendors relevant to the transaction in order to enable transactions to be completed. In addition, MyPark may use Payment Information to determine your credit-worthiness and, in the process of such determination, MyPark may make such Payment Information available to banks or credit agencies. While MyPark has in place up-to-date technology and internal procedures to guard your Payment Information against intruders, there is no guarantee that such technology or procedure can eliminate all of the risks of theft, loss or misuse. MyPark shall not be liable to you or any other person for any damages that might result from unauthorized use, publication, disclosure or any other misuse of Payment Information, including credit card information.
Account Activities Information
: We use Account Activities Information to provide the services that you request. We may also generate reports, statistics and analysis based on Account Activities Information to enhance and improve the Website, App, and services. We may also use Account Activities Information to determine your credit-worthiness.
Statistical Information
: We use Statistical Information to help diagnose problems with and maintain our computer servers, to manage our Website, App, and to enhance the Website, App, and services based on the usage pattern data we receive. We may generate reports and analysis based on the Statistical Information for internal analysis, monitoring and marketing decisions. We may provide Statistical Information to third parties, but when we do so, we do not provide personally-identifying information without your permission.
Service Information
: We use Service Information to provide value-added services to our members including without limitation to providing parking and locations patterns and parking and location behavioral data to our members, partners, marketers, and to facilitate marketing initiatives and decision-making.
Personal Information
: Should Personal Information be disclosed for business purposes in the course of using our Website, App and services, such Personal Information may be used to provide value-added services to our members to facilitate including without limitation marketing initiatives and contacts. Uses of any Personal Information by any of our members are subject to privacy laws in the respective jurisdictions of our members. Each of our members is solely responsible for observing applicable laws and regulations in its respective jurisdictions to ensure that all use of the Website, App, and services are in compliance with the same. Each of our members is expressly prohibited from using any Personal Information for illegal activities including without limitation to spamming.
MyPark also may disclose your personal information to comply with a court order, subpoena, search warrant, or other legal process; to comply with legal, regulatory, or administrative requirements of any governmental authorities; to protect and defend MyPark, its subsidiaries and affiliates, and their officers, directors, employees, attorneys, agents, contractors, and partners, in connection with any legal action, claim, or dispute; to enforce the Terms and Conditions of Use of the Website; to prevent imminent physical harm; and in the event that we find that your actions on the Website or App violate any laws, our Terms and Conditions of Use, or any of our usage guidelines for specific products or services.
We reserve the right to transfer your personal information to a third party in the event of a transfer of all or substantially all of MyPark assets, provided that the third party agrees to adhere to the terms of this privacy policy.
Opt Out
You may “Opt out” of having your personal information shared for purposes of receiving product offers via e-mail or postal mail, and from receiving product offers directly from us via e-mail or postal mail, by providing us written notice identifying which communications you choose not to receive by writing us at: MyPark, Corp., MyPark’s corporate headquarters 2980 McFarlane Road, Suite 20, Miami, Florida 33133.
If you choose not to give us your personal information at all, you can still access the Website or App; however, you will not be able to access areas that require registration or personal information.
Third-Party Hosting
MyPark contracts with a third party to maintain and host the Website and App. Therefore, any information you submit, including personal information, will be placed and stored on a computer server maintained by this third-party host.  The third party has agreed to implement technology and security features and strict policy guidelines to safeguard the privacy of your personal information from unauthorized access or improper use.
Website Technologies
MyPark does not provide the technologies used to build the Website or App, and therefore, neither recommends nor endorses the same.  Any information regarding identified technologies, including their capabilities limitations, and applications, should be sought directly from their manufacturers.  MyPark hereby disclaims any rights to trademarks, service marks, trade names, logos, copyrights, patents, domain names, or other intellectual property interests of third parties.
Links to Other Materials
The Website or App may contain links to other websites.  These links are an accommodation to the respective third-party website owners and for your convenience.  Websites linked to and from the Website or App are not necessarily under the control of MyPark, and MyPark shall have no responsibility or liability whatsoever for the content or privacy practices of any linked websites, or any link or linking program at any time.  You should read and understand MyPark’s policies with respect to such third-party links, as stated in the Terms and Conditions of Use of the Website and App.
Facebook Data Deletion
Facebook Data Deletion Instructions URL
MyPark is a Facebook login app and we do not save your personal data in our server.
According to Facebook policy, we have to provide User Data Deletion Callback URL or Data Deletion Instructions URL.
If you want to delete your activities for MyPark, you can remove your information by following these steps:
Go to your Facebook Account’s “Setting & Privacy” and click “Settings”.
Look for “Apps and Websites” and you will see all of the apps and websites you linked with your Facebook account.
Search and click MyPark in the search bar.
Scroll and click “Remove”.
Congratulations, you have successfully removed your activities for MyPark.
Security
The Website and App have security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control.  All credit card information utilizes state-of-the-art Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption technology and is Secure Electronic Transaction (SET) compliant.
Effective Date and Changes
This privacy policy is effective as of October 20, 2016. MyPark reserves the right to modify the terms of this privacy policy at any time and in its sole discretion, by posting a change notice on this page. You will be notified of changes to this policy as required by law.
YOUR CONTINUED USE OF THE WEBSITE OR APP FOLLOWING OUR POSTING OF A CHANGE NOTICE WILL CONSTITUTE BINDING ACCEPTANCE OF THOSE CHANGES.