Terms and Policies
Privacy policy
Terms of Service
Passport Terms
Purchases and returns
Compliance
CPRA Addendum
GDPR DPA Addendum
Subprocessors
Security and privacy
This policy describes the Personal Data that Envoy, Inc. collects from certain individuals who interact with our website,
https://www.envoy.com
, or our mobile application (the “
Envoy App
”; together, the “
Services
”), how we use that data, and the rights those individuals have regarding the data. This policy applies to you only to the extent that we obtained your Personal Data through: (a) your interaction with marketing or similar content on our website; (b) your evaluation of the Services on behalf of a potential purchaser of the Services; (c) any communication with our sales team; or (d) your independent interaction with the Services not at the direction of any of our Customers.
If you interacted with our Services through your employer, a business you provided services to, or through a company you visited, please contact that company for information about the collection and use of your Personal Data: in those circumstances Envoy only uses your Personal Data as directed by them (and this policy does not apply).
Definitions
“
Customer
” means an entity (not an individual) that signs up to use one or more of our products.
“
Personal Data
” means any information relating to an identified or identifiable individual; an identifiable individual is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier, or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural, or social identity of that individual.
Categories of Information We Collect
Identifiers
Identifiers include information like your name or email address. Envoy uses identifiers to provide you with an account to use the Services, to communicate with you regarding your use of the Services, to communicate with you regarding your possible purchase of a subscription to use the Services, to send you marketing communications regarding the Services, or to debug and repair errors with the Services.
Internet Activity Information
Internet Activity includes information describing how you interact with the Services, such as how long you use the services and what you tap or click on. Envoy uses your Internet Activity to debug and repair errors with the Services, to determine how to improve the Services, and to improve the effectiveness of our marketing practices.
Audio or Visual Information
This category includes pictures or videos of you. Envoy uses this information to display a photograph of you in the Services, or to keep track of discussions with you that occur during the sales process.
Professional Information
Professional Information includes your employer. Envoy sells to businesses and will use your Professional Information to determine what business may be purchasing the Services and to send marketing communications to the business.
Inferences drawn from collected information
Envoy may use the information in the categories listed above to make inferences about you, including determining what products or services you may be interested or likely to purchase, or how you prefer to use the Services.
How Do We Collect Your Data
Envoy may collect your information from the following categories of sources:
Envoy.com
Envoy mobile applications
Direct communications with you
Social Media
Sales and marketing tools
Envoy may also collect your data through non-US Envoy subsidiaries through the above sources. Envoy has intercompany data sharing agreements with its subsidiaries that ensure the transfer of personal data into the US complies with data privacy law.
How We Use Your Data
When you have provided your consent, Envoy uses the information it collects from you to:
Deliver marketing communications and advertisements related to our Services to you
Analyze potential customers to improve marketing initiatives
For any other purpose that you’ve specifically consented to
If you are a representative of a current or prospective customer, Envoy requires your information, and will use it, to provide our Services. In the context of that business relationship we use your information to:
Communicate with you during the sales process
Provide support
Create and administer accounts necessary to use the Services
Deliver transactional communications about the operation of the Services
Communicate with you about payment or other legal obligations
Envoy is capable of using your information for these purposes only by utilizing services provided by other companies. These companies provide us with sales operations tools, marketing tools, web and application hosting, communication services, and data analysis. In using these service providers, Envoy discloses the following categories of Personal Data: Identifiers, Audio or Visual Information, Professional Information, and Internet Activity Information. Envoy has an agreement with each of these companies that limits their use of your Personal Data to the specific purposes described in this section. These agreements also include standardized provisions to ensure your data is appropriately safeguarded when transferred across international borders into the US (e.g., Standard Contractual Clauses).
Envoy also shares (but does not sell) Identifiers with companies who provide us with additional information about you so that we can tailor our sales and marketing to your particular interests. These companies enable us to present relevant advertisements to you on other websites you visit. If you do not want us to use your Personal Data for these purposes, you may opt-out by unsubscribing
here
.
How Long Will We Store Your Data
Envoy may collect your information from the following categories of sources:
For as long as you are associated with a Customer account and up to two years after the Customer cancels their account.
Up to two years after you first engaged with Envoy’s marketing content or communicated with Envoy’s sales team if you are no longer actively engaged or communicating.
What Are Your Data Protection Rights?
You have certain rights regarding the Personal Data that we collect. You may:
Request deletion of your Personal Data
Request correction of inaccurate Personal Data
Request the specific Personal Data that we have collected about you
Request information about the Personal Data we have collected: the categories of Personal Data collected, the categories of sources from which that data is collected, the business purposes for collecting that data, and the categories of third parties to whom we disclose or share that data.
Withdraw consent if our use of your Personal Data relies on your consent
Lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority (i.e., your local public authority responsible for monitoring compliance with data protection regulations)
If we can verify that you are authorized to make the request (e.g., you’re not attempting to obtain information about someone else), we will endeavor to fulfill your request within 45 days. In some circumstances we are not required to comply with your request because of exceptions provided by law. If we do not comply with your request because of an exception, we will notify you.
How can you exercise your rights?
To exercise your data protection rights, please email us at
dataprivacy@envoy.com
If you interacted with our Services through your employer, a business you provided services to, or through a company you visited, please contact that company for more information on the data protection rights available to you. We cannot accept your request directly because, in these circumstances, we collect and use your Personal Data on behalf of that company (our Customer) and will act only as directed by them. However, if you believe that our Customer is not complying with data privacy laws regarding your Personal Data, please let us know
.
Cookies
Our website uses cookies. When you visit our website, we will ask for your consent to use any cookies that are not essential. A cookie is a file stored by your browser that enables us to identify you, typically, via a string of numbers and letters.
This table
describes the cookies we use and how long they will be stored.
Contact Information
‍
Envoy, Inc.
410 Townsend St, Suite 410
San Francisco, CA 94107
United States
Questions may be directed to:
dataprivacy@envoy.com
.
Last updated on March 27, 2023
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://envoy.com/legal/security-and-privacy:
Products
PRODUCTS
Visitors
Visitor management solutions for any front desk
Connect
Visitor management for multi-tenant property owners
Workplace
NEW
Understand, optimize, and reimagine your workspace
Desks
Easy desk booking for a safe, flexible workplace
Rooms
Room booking made easier for your team
Deliveries
A new way to organize incoming office deliveries
Workplace
Understand, optimize, and reimagine your workplace
Desks
Easy desk booking for a safe, flexible workplace
Rooms
Room booking made easier for your team
Deliveries
A new way to organize incoming office deliveries
MORE
Mobile
App marketplace
Developers
Partners
Solutions
Enterprise operations
Support enterprise needs
Enhance security
Space management
Workplace health and safety
Workplace experience
Meet compliance requirements
INDUSTRIES
Manufacturing
Pharma and biotech
Professional services
Technology
View all products
Priorities
Centralize workplace management
Employee and visitor experience
Safety, security and compliance
Workplace utilization and insights
Workplaces and buildings
Resources
Workplace trends report
Blog
Ebooks
Webinars
Case studies
Data insights
Return to Workplace Index
Product news
Hybrid Work Resource Hub
Library
Blog
Case studies
Demo
eBooks
Product updates
Reports
Webinars
Help Center
View all products
insights
Return to workplace index
Workplace trends
Workplace safety & security
Workplace data
Workplace guides
About
About Envoy
Newsroom
Careers
Pricing
Plans and pricing
Get a quote
Login
Get started
Go to dashboard
Protecting your data and privacy
At Envoy, we understand the sensitivity of your data, and we’re committed to ensuring confidentiality and reliability as critical components of our service to you.
Download PDF
Keeping your data secure
Envoy’s secure infrastructure, commitment to reliability, and third-party testing work together to safeguard your data.
Learn more
Protecting your privacy
Keeping your visitors’ and employees information safe is a responsibility we take incredibly seriously. Our policies and controls are designed to protect the collection, use, and disclosure of this information.
Learn more
Supporting your compliance needs
We’re committed to helping you meet your compliance strategies, in addition to enhancing our own body of certifications.
Learn more
Keeping your data secure
Our infrastructure
Data encryption
All customer data is transferred securely using TLS v1.2 and above from the iPad app and Envoy dashboard to the cloud. All requests are routed through Cloudflare which acts as a firewall. At rest, data is encrypted including databases and object storage. Both AWS and Cloudflare use AES256 for disk encryption. Our IT infrastructure is 100% cloud-based.
Data storage
When your iPad or mobile device is connected to a network, data syncs to Envoy automatically, and all records are stored in Envoy’s database. Backups are taken every day and stored off-site. AWS oversees the physical security of these facilities and tightly controls who has access.
Data retention
Envoy customers have options when it comes to what sign-in data they retain from employees and visitors.
By default, Envoy stores visitors’ responses to your sign-in and purges employees’ responses to your Protect health check. Companies on Premium and Enterprise plans can choose to save or purge the responses to both their visitor sign-in and employee health check. Retention settings can also be managed on a question by question basis for additional flexibility.
When responses are purged, the responses will be sent to Envoy’s server to determine if that person is approved or denied entry. This occurs in sub-seconds and then the data is deleted and not saved to our database. We run periodic jobs to ensure all data, except for the screening result (approved or denied) is deleted within 24 hours on all of Envoy’s databases.
Any visitor and employee sign-in data that is saved to Envoy based on your retention settings can be purged upon explicit request. This includes, sign-in and sign-out time for each entry, all information provided in the sign-in fields, private notes, visitor photos, and signed documents. Envoy may retain data not related to sign-ins like account settings, user profiles, and location details, for up to 30 days after the termination of the contract.
Reliability
Up time
We understand the importance of reliability and aspire to a 99.9% uptime. Envoy proactively protects against denial-of-service (DoS) attacks using CloudFlare’s advanced distributed DoS protection. We continually monitor uptime through third parties like Pingdom. You can view our current uptime and product status by visiting
status.envoy.com
.
Offline mode
If devices become disconnected from a network connection, visitors can continue to sign in on the iPad, and their data will be stored locally on the device. Upon reestablishing network connectivity, all locally stored visitor data will sync to Envoy. While offline, ID scanning and host notifications will be unavailable.
Third-party verification
Vulnerability testing
We seek out and proactively address vulnerabilities and exposures in Envoy’s code and dependencies through automated tools, peer-review, penetration tests, and a public
bug bounty program
. All public access to our applications is proxied through Cloudflare which detects and automatically blocks unexpected traffic. To submit a vulnerability please request access to our
bug bounty program
, or
contact us
directly.
Service Organization Controls (SOC)
Our security processes and controls are verified to meet SOC 2 Type II security standards. This includes using two-factor authentication, encrypting computers, logging administrator actions, tracking access grants using verified policies, and following repeatable processes for a consistent and secure customer experience.
Core Subprocessors Technical and Organisational Security Measures
AWS
Salesforce
Datadog
Looker
Twilio
Veriff
Protecting your privacy
Data protection
We have a strict policy to respect the privacy of sensitive customer data: we will never sell your visitor or employee data, and we will not contact your visitors or employees without explicit permission. Our support team will only access your account in the event of a technical support issue that requires real-time access.
Employee and visitor privacy
If you choose to ask questions about your employees’ or visitors’ health, you can choose to discard their responses and keep them private to those individuals. If you choose to discard responses, your team will not have access to this data in any form, whether through a dashboard, report, or otherwise. To help your team keep your workplace safe, administrators can see if someone was approved or denied entry based on their responses. If you choose to review employees’ vaccination documentation, Envoy will store this data separately, and limit access to global administrators only.
Access management
Envoy makes it easy to centrally manage data and permissions for multiple facilities, no matter where you’re located.
Role-based administration
allows customers to provide the right Envoy access to specified team members on global- or location-specific levels. And
SAML
can be utilized to integrate with your single sign-on identity provider to further regulate access.
EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
We have made significant efforts to ensure we are in compliance with the
General Data Protection Regulation
(GDPR) and to help our customers comply with GDPR contractual obligations. Data transfers from UK and EU customers are conducted under our
Data Protection Agreement
.
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)
Envoy complies with the CCPA (California Consumer Privacy Act), which became effective January 2020, and as amended by the CPRA. As currently defined in those regulations, Envoy will operate as a Service Provider to its customers. Envoy processes personal information as provided in its
California Privacy Rights Act Addendum
.
Please contact us at
dataprivacy@envoy.com
for the following actions related to CCPA:
More general information or questions on how Envoy is complying with CCPA
For Business Customer requests to review, correct, update, delete or otherwise modify any of their data that may been collected through Envoy
If you do not want us to use your Personal Data for these purposes, you may opt-out by unsubscribing
here
.
Supporting your compliance needs
We understand the impact that compliance requirements have on your business. That’s why we're committed to providing features that may help you with your compliance strategies, in addition to enhancing our own body of compliance certifications.
Envoy helps support compliance with the following standards and regulations:
EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
Service Organization Controls (SOC)
International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR)
FDA Food Safety Modernization Act (FSMA)
Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA)
Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS)
Gramm-Leach-Billey Act (GLBA)
Customs-Trade Partnership Against Terrorism (C-TPAT)
Federal Information Security Modernization Act (FISMA)
Learn more about how Envoy can help you comply with these regulations on our
compliance certifications
page. You can also
request to view our compliance documents
.
Envoy complies with the CCPA (California Consumer Privacy Act), which became effective January 2020, and as amended by the CPRA. As currently defined in those regulations, Envoy will operate as a Service Provider to its customers. Envoy processes personal information as provided in its
California Privacy Rights Act Addendum
.
Please contact us at
dataprivacy@envoy.com
for the following actions related to CCPA:
Demo
Contact