Portal del paciente
Conditions of access and use for users of the Patient Portal
In accordance with EU Regulation 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of April 27, 2016 on the protection of individuals with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data; Organic Law 3/2018, of December 5, on data protection and digital-rights guarantees; and Law 41/2002, of November 14, regulating patient autonomy and patient rights and obligations regarding clinical information and documentation, all patients, users of the services rendered on these premises, and the general public are hereby informed of the following:
Introduction
This document contains the privacy policy of the
health centers
of Grupo Hospitalario Quirónsalud regarding the personal data processing of patients receiving treatment from the aforementioned business entity and/or the individuals acting on behalf of these patients.
Patients may address any issues or questions regarding this matter to the Quirónsalud Hospital Group Data Protection Officer, who may be reached via post at Calle Zurbarán, 28, 28010 Madrid. The Data Protection Officer may also be reached via email at
DPO@quironsalud.es
.
Who is the data controller?
Data Controller is the company that holds ownership over the facility where the care is rendered:
Data Controller (proprietary company of the facility where you receive care) and registered office
Health center
IDCQ HOSPITALES Y SANIDAD S.L.U.
Calle Zurbarán 28, Madrid (28010)
Hospital Universitario Quirónsalud Madrid
Hospital Universitari General de Catalunya
Hospital Quirónsalud Sur
Hospital Quirónsalud Barcelona
Hospital Quirónsalud Zaragoza
Hospital Quirónsalud Córdoba
Hospital Quirónsalud Málaga
Hospital Quirónsalud Marbella
Hospital Quirónsalud Sagrado Corazón
Hospital Quirónsalud Torrevieja
Hospital Quirónsalud Murcia
Hospital Quirónsalud Valencia
Hospital Quirónsalud Vitoria
Hospital Quirónsalud Bizkaia
Hospital Quirónsalud Albacete
Hospital Quirónsalud Santa Cristina
Hospital Quirónsalud Ciudad Real
Hospital Quirónsalud Toledo
Hospital Quirónsalud Clideba
Hospital Quirónsalud Cáceres
Hospital Quirónsalud Tenerife
Hospital Quirónsalud Costa Adeje
Hospital Quirónsalud Miguel Dominguez
Hospital Quirónsalud Campo de Gibraltar
Hospital Quirónsalud Valle del Henares
Hospital Quirónsalud Palmaplanas
Hospital Ruber Juan Bravo 49
Hospital Ruber Internacional
Hospital Quirónsalud del Vallès
Hospital Universitari Sagrat Cor
Hospital Quirónsalud Huelva
Hospital Quirónsalud Son Verí
Hospital Quirónsalud Badalona
Hospital El Pilar – Grupo Quirónsalud
Hospital de Día Quirónsalud Zaragoza
Hospital de Día Quirónsalud Ave María
Hospital de Día Quirónsalud Donostia
Hospital de Día Quirónsalud Talavera
Hospital de Día Quirónsalud Playa del Muro
Hospital Materno-Infantil Quirónsalud Sevilla
Clínica Quirónsalud Alcázar
Clínica Rotger
Instituto de Neuro-rehabilitación Quirónsalud Pontevedra
Centro Médico Teknon
Centro Médico Quirónsalud Murcia
Centro Médico Quirónsalud Rubí
Centro Médico Quirónsalud Tres Cantos
Centro Médico Quirónsalud Valdebebas
Centro Médico Quirónsalud Aribau
Centro Médico Quirónsalud Parque Litoral
Centro Médico Quirónsalud Fuengirola
Centro Médico Quirónsalud Málaga
Centro Médico Quirónsalud Costa del Sol
Centro Médico Quirónsalud Marbella
Centro Médico Quirónsalud Jaén
Centro Médico Quirónsalud Guadalete
Centro Médico Quirónsalud Sevilla Este
Centro Médico Quirónsalud Manuel Siurot
Centro Médico Quirónsalud Mairena
Centro Médico Quirónsalud Los Remedios
Centro Médico Quirónsalud Nervión
Centro Médico Quirónsalud Alameda
Centro Médico Quirónsalud Orihuela
Centro Médico Quirónsalud Gran Alacant
Centro Médico Quirónsalud Alicante
Centro Médico Quirónsalud Elche
Centro Médico Quirónsalud Mercado de Colón
Centro Médico Quirónsalud Valencia
Centro Médico Quirónsalud Blasco Ibañez
Centro Médico Quirónsalud Severo Ochoa
Centro Médico Quirónsalud Artes Gráficas
Centro Médico Quirónsalud Plaza Euskadi
Centro Médico Quirónsalud Puertollano
Centro Médico Quirónsalud Toledo
Centro Médico Quirónsalud Plaza Lodares
Centro Médico Quirónsalud Mérida
Centro Médico Quirónsalud Pontevedra
Centro Médico Quirónsalud Almendralejo
Centro Médico Quirónsalud Don Benito
Centro Médico Quirónsalud Algeciras
Centro Médico Quirónsalud Tenerife
Centro Médico Quirónsalud Valle del Henares
Centro Médico Quirónsalud Badalona
Centro Médico Quirónsalud Dígest Laietania
Centro Médico Quirónsalud Dígest
Centro Médico Quirónsalud Sa Pobla
Centro Médico Quirónsalud Nuredduna
Centro Médico Quirónsalud Inca
Centro Médico Quirónsalud Manacor
Centro Médico Quirónsalud Palmanova
Centro Médico Quirónsalud Aljarafe
Centro Médico Quirónsalud Campos
Centro Médico Quirónsalud Sóller
Centro Médico Quirónsalud Arenal
Centro Médico Quirónsalud Menorca
Centro Médico Quirónsalud Los Cristianos
Centro Médico Paseo de la Habana
Centro Médico Príncipe de Vergara
Centro Médico Masó-Grupo Quirónsalud
Centro de Diálisis Quirónsalud Marbella
Centro de Oftalmología Quirónsalud Marbella
Centro de Rehabilitación Quirónsalud Pontevedra
Centro de Rehabilitación Quirónsalud Talavera
Centro de Rehabilitación Quirónsalud Huelva
Quirónsalud Dental Palmaplanas
Quirónsalud Dental Manacor
Quirónsalud Dental Palma Centro
Quirónsalud Dental Kids
Quirónsalud Dental Inca
Residencia Alcabala
Residencia Dulcinea
Residencia La Manchuela
Hospital Digital
Centro médico-quirúrgica Olympia
HEALTH DIAGNOSTIC S.L.
Calle Zurbarán 28, Madrid (28010)
Diagnóstico por imagen (ubicado en Hospital Plató, C/Tavern núm.82 CP 08006-Barcelona)
Centros de Extracción de CLINAMAT ubicados en:
- C/ Francisco Silvela, Nº 46 – Bajo, 28028 Madrid
- C/ Príncipe de Vergara, Nº 134 – Bajo, 28002 Madrid
- C/ Estrella Polar, Nº 22, 28007 Madrid
- C/ Mercurio, Nº 9, 28032 Madrid - C/ Embajadores, Nº 198, 28045 Madrid
FUNDACIÓN JIMÉNEZ DÍAZ UTE
Avenida de los Reyes Católicos, 2, Madrid (28040)
Hospital Universitario Fundación Jiménez Díaz
FUNDACIÓN INSTITUTO DE INVESTIGACIÓN SANITARIA FUNDACIÓN JIMÉNEZ DÍAZ
Calle Isaac Peral, 42 oficinas. 2ª planta, oficina 1, Madrid (28015)
Instituto de Investigación Sanitaria Fundación Jiménez Diaz (IIS-FJD)
CLÍNICA LA LUZ, S.L.
Calle del Maestro Ángel Llorca, 8, Madrid (28003)
Hospital La Luz
POLICLÍNICA GIPUZKOA, S.A.
Paseo Miramón, 174, Donostia, Guipúzcoa (20014)
Policlínica Gipuzkoa
GALENUS CENTRE DE SALUT, S.L.U.
Avinguda Paisos Catalans, 10E de Sant Quirze del Valles Barcelona
(08192)
Galenus Centre de Salut
CLÍNICA ESPERANZA DE TRIANA, S.A.
Calle San Jacinto, 87, Sevilla (41010)
Hospital Quirónsalud Infanta Luisa
Centro Médico Quirónsalud Espartinas
Centro Médico Quirónsalud Condes de Bustillo
Centro Médico Quirónsalud Condes de Bustillo 36
INSTITUTO POLICLÍNICO SANTA TERESA S.A.
Calle Londres, 2   La Coruña (15008)
Hospital Quirónsalud A Coruña
Centro Médico Quirónsalud A Coruña
Instituto Oftalmológico Quirónsalud A Coruña
USP INSTITUTO DEXEUS, S.A.
Calle Zurbarán, 28, Madrid (28010)
Hospital Universitari Dexeus
POLICLÍNICA ALTO ARAGÓN, S.L.U.
Calle Pedro Sopena, 12 de Huesca (22003)
Hospital de Día Quirónsalud Huesca
Centro de Diagnóstico Quirónsalud Huesca
UNITED SURGICAL PARTNERS MADRID, S.L.
Calle Juan Bravo, 39, Madrid (28006)
Hospital Quirónsalud San José
Hospital Ruber Juan Bravo 39
Quirónsalud San Jose Consultas
Centro Médico Ruber Juan Bravo Maldonado
INSTITUTO EXTREMEÑO DE REPRODUCCIÓN ASISTIDA, S.L.
Julio Cienfuego Linares, 19-21 Badajoz
IERA - Instituto Extremeño de Reproducción Asistida
IERA- IERA Lisboa
RADIOTERAPIA DE PROTONES, S.L.
Calle Zurbarán 28, Madrid (28010)
Centro de Protonterapia (ubicado en C/ Virgilio núm. 3 CP 28223-Madrid)
SANATORIO NOSA SEÑORA DOS OLLOS GRANDES, S.L.
Calle Montevideo, 23 de Lugo (27001)
Hospital Quirónsalud Lugo
CLÍNICA DERMATOLÓGICA INTERNACIONAL, S.L.
Calle Marqués de Villamagna, 8, Madrid (28001)
Clínica Dermatológica Internacional
CENTROS MÉDICOS SALUS CANARIAS, S.A.U.
- Hospital Quirónsalud Vida ubicada en la C/ Magnolias, 2 de la Urbanización San Miguel de La Orotava, 38300 Santa Cruz de Tenerife.
- Centro Médico Vida Icod, ubicado en la Avenida 25 de Abril número 74 de Icod de los vinos, 38430 Santa Cruz de Tenerife.
- Centro Médico Vida Puerto, ubicado en la Carretera General Las Arenas, 73 de Puerto de la Cruz, 38400 Santa Cruz de Tenerife.
- Centro Vida Avenida, ubicado en la Avenida Familia Bethencourt y Molina, 20 de Puerto de la Cruz, 38400 Santa Cruz de Tenerife.
- Centro Vida Casablanca, ubicado en el Local 20 de la Calzada Martianez de Puerto de la Cruz, 38400 Santa Cruz de Tenerife.
- Centro Médico Santa Úrsula, ubicado en Ctra. General La Puntilla, 38, Santa Úrsula, 38390 Santa Cruz de Tenerife.
- Centro Médico Vida La Laguna, ubicado en C/ Baltasar Núñez, 2ª de La Laguna, 38201 Santa Cruz de Tenerife.
- Centro Médico Vida Tejina, ubicado en la C/ Arriba, número 23-25 de El Ramal, 38260 La Laguna, Santa Cruz de Tenerife.
- Centro Médico Vida Realejos, ubicado en la Avenida de Canarias número 13 de Los Realejos, 38410 Santa Cruz de Tenerife.
- Centro Médico Vida Candelaria, ubicado en la C/ Francia número 3 Planta Baja, Local Izquierdo de Candelaria, 38530 Santa Cruz de Tenerife.
QUIRÓN PREVENCIÓN, S.LU.
Calle Agustín de Betancourt, 25, Madrid (28003)
Los centros sanitarios de Quirónprevención que prestan servicios asistenciales.
IDCSALUD MÓSTOLES, S.A.
Calle Zurbarán 28, Madrid (28010)
Hospital Universitario Rey Juan Carlos
IDCSALUD VALDEMORO, S.A.
Calle Zurbarán 28, Madrid (28010)
Hospital Universitario Infanta Elena
IDCSALUD VILLALBA, S.A.
Calle Zurbarán 28, Madrid (28010)
Hospital General de Villalba
What personal information do we process and what is the source of this information?
Based on the relationship you enter into with us, we may process the following personal data:
Identification data and Contact details of patients or their representatives (including signature, image, health-service card, and social security number or mutual benefit association number);
Biometric data of the patients (facial images);
Health-related information appearing in patient medical records;
Personal characteristics and demographic attributes; and
Transactional data (payments of any nature, including transfers and debits).
Location data (Geolocation) of patients through various channels, depending on the service and the device used, including GPS (through the settings of your mobile device), Bluetooth or Wi-Fi connections. The collection of location (geolocation) information takes place in the background on the device, even when the service is not used, as long as the permission granted by the patient allows such collection.
The data may come from the Data Subject (the patient) or from your legal or volunteer representative and/or care professionals.
Why do we process your personal information?
Data Controller may process personal data for the following purposes:
Delivery of health care
: your personal information is processed for the purposes of providing you the health care you need as well as to appropriately manage the health services and carry out administrative tasks required for the provision of care, as in the following examples:
To send appointment reminders;
To issue proof-of-hospital-visit documents for family members or others with ties to you and who may request such a document in adherence of applicable regulations;
To communicate with another health center when instructed to do so by the patient;
To process any and all incidents or claims filed by the individual using the service and/or you, the patient;
To administer surveys intended to gather your opinion of the care delivered to you; such surveys shall be used exclusively to improve and develop our care services and management activities; and
To provide the services offered via the Quirónsalud Patient Portal: personal information pertaining to patients who register as users of the
Portal
may be processed for the purposes of accessing and using the tool.
Sending information and activities for health promotion and prevention.
Biometric data such as facial images will be processed to measure the heart rate, respiratory rate and blood pressure of the patient.
Synchronization with the mobile health applications of the mobile device
: if you expressly consent, you can consult from the Patient Portal the physical activity and sleep habits data recorded in your mobile applications.  In the event that you synchronize with Google, the use and transfer to any other application of information received from Google APIs complies with the
Google API Services User Data Policy
, including limited use requirements.
Scientific research
: your data may be processed for scientific purposes in compliance with specific regulations governing such processing.
Procedures: for anonymization and pseudonym use
: For scientific or statistical research purposes, your data may be subjected to certain procedures to make them unidentifiable or so that they can no longer be linked to any party in the absence of additional information appearing separately.
Processing of
information requests, complaints, suggestions, grievances, and the exercise of data-protection rights, etc.:
your data will be processed to fulfill the request by any means necessary, including telephone calls and/or electronic means.
Compliance with legal obligations:
in order to comply with applicable legal obligations, it may be necessary to process personal information. Specifically, these obligations may be related to compliance with legislation on data protection, taxation, health, etc.
Drawing up executing
the contract:
personal information is processed to manage the contractual relationship with the patient.
Video surveillance:
certain health facilities have a video surveillance system that takes real-time footage of individuals who use the facility’s services. These data are processed for the sole purpose of safety and to monitor individuals appearing on the premises.
Distribution of advertising materials using any means in case of additional consent:
If you so consent, we may transfer your data to entities of Quirónsalud Group (
quironsalud
y
quironprevencion
) in order to inform you—via any means and for promotional and advertising purposes—as to the health- and health-care-related facilities, services, products, or events of the companies belonging to the Quirónsalud Hospital Group (under no circumstances will your data be used to send you advertising content from third parties).
Location (Geolocation) of the patient:
if you explicitly consent, your location data may be processed to welcome you and offer you specific services aimed at a better experience within the hospital such as interior guidance in the hospital facilities, self-registration of admission if you have a medical appointment, self-registration in emergencies, among others) and / or to provide you with information on the health centers of Quirónsalud Hospital Group  and pharmacies closest to your location.
The information collected will be processed for the established purposes, and under no circumstances shall data be processed toward ends that conflict with those established here. Please note that the processing of data for purposes related to scientific research or statistical measurements is not considered to be incompatible with the initial purpose.
We process your data with the same degree of care and quality at all times, regardless of the channel you may choose to communicate with us (e.g. the web page of a facility, mobile apps, face-to-face, telephone, computer).
What are the legal basis for your personal data processing?
Purpose
Legal Basis
Provision of health-care services
Processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which the data subject is party, Processing based on the consent of the Data Subject to  protect the vital interests and/or the legitimate interests pursued by the Data Controller
Synchronization with mobile health apps on the mobile device
Treatment based on the consent of the Data Subject
Scientific research
Processing for scientific research analysis and/or the legitimate interests pursued by the Data Controller
Procedures for anonymization and pseudonym use
Processing for scientific research or statistical analysis
Processing of requests
Processing based on the consent of the Data Subject and/or the legitimate interests pursued by the Data Controller
Compliance with legal obligations
Processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which the controller is subject
Signing and performance of the contract
Processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which the data subject is party
Video surveillance
Processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the legitimate interests pursued by the Data Controller
Advertisements
Treatment based on the consent of the Data Subject
Location (Geolocation) of the patient
Treatment based on the consent of the data Subject
How long will we storage your personal information?
In general, your data will be kept only for the length of time strictly necessary for the purpose for which said data were collected.
The personal data provided, as well as data derived from the
health care
delivered, are kept only for the storage period appropriate to each case (in accordance with medical and legal criteria); these data will be maintained for a minimum of 5 years as of the date of each care episode, with the exception of cases in which regional and/or specific regulations stipulate that this period must be longer than that mentioned above.
After the aforementioned minimum period has elapsed, and once the care and contractual relationship has concluded, the data controller will keep the data for the legally stipulated period (15 years).
The personal data processed for purposes of
scientific research
shall be maintained, in adherence of retention criteria, for a period not to exceed five years as of the termination of the research. With regard to data processed for purposes of scientific research, the competent regional authorities may, upon request of the data controller and in accordance with established regulatory procedures, order prolonged retention of the entire set of certain data for purposes of historical, statistical, or scientific research in adherence of applicable legislation in each case.
Personal data provided for the purposes of processing information
requests
, complaints, suggestions, grievances, or the exercising of data-protection rights of any sort, etc., shall be retained for the period necessary to process the request. In all cases the minimum period shall be that which is legally mandated as well as that required to file grievances, exercise rights, or for the defense against such grievances or the exercise of individual rights.
Data processed to comply with
legal obligations
will be kept for the storage period set forth in applicable legislation.
Data gathered to
sign and perform a contract
shall be retained for the duration of the contractual relationship as well as the period necessary to file grievances, exercise rights, or for the defense against against such grievances or the exercise of individual rights. This period shall not be less than five years.
Images recorded using
video surveillance
systems will be retained for a maximum of 30 days, unless the data controller becomes aware of any facts that may be relevant to subsequent legal proceedings.
Personal data processed for the distribution of
advertising materials
will be retained until the concerned party withdraws his or her consent and/or exercises their right to oppose the retention of such data and/or requests that they be deleted.
The data processed for the
location (geolocation) of the patient
will be kept until the data subject does not revoke the consent. The data subject can change the configuration of his device to consent or oppose to the collection of the information or the display of the corresponding notifications.
Who will receive my personal information?
In order to guarantee an adequate provision of the service, it is necessary that certain service providers and/or group entities that process data on behalf of the person in charge and as managers of the treatment of your personal data. These entities can be, for example, providers of medical, diagnostic, clinical analysis, auditing, physical security, archiving, storage or digitalization of information, destruction of documentation, legal advisory services, computer services, etc. In some of these cases we inform you that certain medical treatments may entail international data transfers. However, they will always be carried out following the appropriate guarantees established in the data protection regulations (either through standard contractual clauses approved by the European Commission or based on the existence of an adequacy decision by the Commission). If you want more information, or obtain a copy of said guarantees, you can contact the data protection officer.
Your personal data will not be communicated to third parties except legal obligation, vital interest, legitimate interest, or prior consent of the interested party, as well as in the cases and to the recipients that are detailed below:
a) The data of the patients may be visible by other health centers of the Quirónsalud Group, based on the legitimate interest of the data controller, in order to guarantee and/or improve their affiliation, as well as healthcare provision by the Quirónsalud group, in such a way that the health centers can have accurate and updated knowledge of the health data of the patients, thus guaranteeing a comprehensive and effective care provision.
b) Given that the patient may have an insurance contract by virtue of which a third party (for example, insurance companies, mutuals, public administrations, even those of a third party in the case of civil liability insurance) is the party obliged to pay of the health services provided by the health center, as long as the patient makes it known, we may communicate their data to said entities, in order to manage, validate, verify and control the payment of the care services provided on the legitimacy of the management of health care systems and services and Law 50/1980 of the Insurance Contract.
In the event that the patient has an insurance contract with an entity located outside the European Economic Area
[1]
, (hereinafter EEA) whose legislation does not offer a level of data protection equivalent to that of the European Union, it may be necessary to make an international transfer of data, with the explicit consent of the patient after having been informed of the possible risks. We inform you that said transfers only occur with the purpose of collaborating with the patient and facilitating the payment of the care services provided; In short, these transfers only take place, for the most agile possible management and verification with the insurer, of the payment of the services in cases in which the patient has contracted an insurance policy with an entity located outside the E.E.E.
If you object to the communication of your data, these entities may refuse to pay for the assistance services received, corresponding to you the payment thereof, since said entities do not have the possibility of verifying, verifying, validating or controlling the correct billing for part of the health center of each of its care processes.
c) The data processed for scientific research purposes may entail international data transfers, in these cases, you will be informed of this possibility as well as the guarantees so that they can be carried out or, failing that, your consent will be requested.
d) We also inform you that your personal data may be communicated to providers of medical supplies, prostheses and implants due to legal obligation, or ambulances based on the vital interest of the patient.
All the information that is provided to us will be treated confidentially and in strict compliance with the security obligations necessary to prevent access by unauthorized third parties.
What are your right of your personal data?
You may exercise your rights to require access to information, rectification information that is inaccurate, or request the erasure of your data when, among other reasons, the data are no longer necessary for the purposes for which they were collected. In certain circumstances, you may also request the restriction of personal data proccesing, in which case we will only keep these data to file or defend against claims and grievances. Finally, and for reasons related to your particular situation, you can also exercise your right to object and to data portability. Additionally, you may revoke the consent given for your data processing at any time.
Exercise of your rights and withdrawal of consent to process your data are free of charge, except in the cases set forth in art. 12.5 of the Regulation (EU) 679/2016, which may be exercised by completing the questionnaire (
download here
), in person at the patient answer center of the health facility where their care is rendered, or by mailing a letter to the patient answer center of the individual’s care facility (
see mailing address
) stating that the letter is in reference to "data-protection rights" and attaching a photocopy of the individual’s identity card or equivalent document and indicating the right they wish to exercise.
In the case of participating in a research study, to exercise your rights, you can contact the Principal Investigator of the research study in which you participate, whose contact details are on the information sheet for the participant that was previously delivered to you. to consent to participate in the study.
We also inform you that you may file a grievance before the competent authority overseeing these matters, following the procedure set forth for each individual case.
[1]
Member States of the European Union in addition to Iceland, Norway, and Liechtenstein