In Rentalia we use cookies and similar technologies, both our own and those of third parties (see our
3 providers
), to offer you a personalised experience. In doing so, we process personal data such as unique identifiers and browsing data. You can accept or decline cookies by clicking on the relevant buttons. You can also choose which cookies to accept by clicking on
settings
. At any time, you can withdraw your consent or object to processing based on legitimate interest by clicking on our
cookie policy
.
We and our providers carry out the following data processing: personalised ads and content, ad and content measurement, audience insights and product development, precise geolocation data, and identification through device scanning, store and/or access information on a device.
Learn More →
Disagree and close
Agree and close
PRIVACY POLICY
Last updated: 13 February 2024
Here is a summary of the important things you need to know about your relationship with Rentalia:
Summarised version in case you are short of time:
I. As a Traveller or Private Advertiser using our Website and Apps
. Rentalia will be responsible for processing the personal data you provide to us when you request any of our services. We will therefore process your data primarily to fulfil the contractual relationship that is created when you request a service from us.
. In addition, we will send you promotional communications about Rentalia products that are similar to those you have requested, for which we will have to take in account your consumption habits and preferences. We will do this because we have a legitimate interest in maintaining our relationship with you by informing you of new products that you can purchase. However, you may unsubscribe from these communications at any time.
. You can at any time access, rectify or delete your data, as well as exercise other rights (explained below).
II. As a representative of a Professional Advertiser (legal entity) and who uses our Website and Apps
. Rentalia will be responsible for processing the personal data you provide to us in order to provide you with the service contracted with the entity you represent.
. We will need to process your data on the basis of the legitimate interests of your company and Rentalia in order to maintain the contractual relationship we agree to for the provision of the services.
. You can at any time access, rectify or delete your data, as well as exercise other rights (explained below).
. In addition, please note that, by law, we are obliged to collect and declare to the authorities certain information about Travellers, Private Advertisers and Professional Advertisers on the Website and Apps. Below, we explain in detail what this obligation consists of.
It is important for you to know:
We always recommend that you read this entire Privacy Policy so that you can know in detail what data we use for each service you request from us and for how long we need to keep it.
In addition, this Privacy Policy may be modified by Rentalia's unilateral decision, so we recommend that you consult it regularly.
By clicking on the "Accept" button or equivalent, we will ask you to declare that you are aware of the processing of your personal data by accepting this Privacy Policy.
DETAILED INFORMATION ON DATA PROTECTION
Table of Contents
Processing responsibility: who is responsible for the processing of your data?
Data category: what personal data will we use?
Purpose of data processing and legitimation: for what purpose, and on what legal basis, can we process your data?
Recipients: to whom can we communicate them?
Data communication: where can we send your data?
Origin of the data: where did we get them from?
Data conservation period: for how long will we process your data?
Necessary and updated information
Rights of data subjects
Confidentiality and security
Additional information: Use of online identifiers or cookies
1. Controller: who is responsible for the processing of your data?
RENT ALIA HOLIDAYS S.L.U, with registered office at Plaza de las Cortes 2, 5ª - 28014 Madrid, holding NIF: ESB83467613, and telephone (+34) 91769 80 60 ("
Rentalia
") is responsible for the personal data you submit through this website and its subdomains or apps (hereinafter, the "
Website
and
Apps
").
In the following clauses we provide you with information about your rights and how we will use your personal data when you browse our Website and Apps to search for and book holiday accommodation ("
Traveller
"), if you publish a holiday accommodation as a private individual ("
Private Advertiser
") or if this publication is made as a representative of a professional advertising company ("
Professional Advertiser
"), all in accordance with the European General Data Protection Regulation ("
GDPR
") and the Organic Law 3/2018, of 5 December, on the Protection of Personal Data and the guarantee of digital rights ("
LOPDGDD")
.
If you have any questions regarding the processing of your personal data, please contact us at the following address:
privacidad@rentalia.com
. Or you can contact our Data Protection Officer at the following address:
dpo@idealista.com
.
2. Data category: what personal data will we use?
As we will inform you below, when you use our Website and Apps, we will use different types of information and personal data. As we will not always use all of your data for all purposes, we will explain throughout this document the type of personal information we will use in each case.
Category of personal data we will use:
Identification data and some personal details:
name and surname, identity document (ID card/passport/NIE), profile picture, signature (handwritten or electronic), date and place of birth, nationality, your user ID, and password.
Contact details:
telephone number, contact e-mail and address for contact purposes.
Economic and financial data:
details of your card or bank account and your address for billing purposes, when you contract a payment service.
Property information
: address and cadastral reference.
Interaction and browsing information:
interaction and browsing on the Web and Apps, and IP address.
Data related to the services you contract
: complete information derived from the transactions of goods and services contracted.
Information that particularly affects Professional Advertisers (legal entity):
we will process the following information relating to the natural person(s) representing the person(s) hiring the product on behalf of the company: name, surname(s), ID card/passport/NIE, telephone number, contact email and, in some cases, documents accrediting their representation.
3. Purpose of data processing and legitimation: for what purpose, and on what legal basis, can we process your data?
Rentalia will process your data for the following purposes:
3.A) Necessary processing for the provision of the services you request from us
There are a series of data that we request from you as "obligatory", because they are necessary to provide you with the services you request from us.
As for the list of these services we offer you, they include:
If you are a Traveller,
we will process your data for the following purposes: (i) registration on the Website and Apps; (ii) management of the contractual relationship of the services provided to Travellers to enable the search, contact and online booking of holiday properties; (iii) resolution of any queries or complaints that the Traveller may have regarding the services contracted; (iv) management of the termination and cancellation of the contractual relationship. To do so, we will use your identification and contact details, and the data related to the services that you hire.
If you are a Private Advertiser,
we will process your data for the following purposes: (i) registration on the Website and Apps; (ii) management of the contractual relationship and invoicing, if applicable, of the services provided by Rentalia, relating to the publication of a limited volume of advertisements and application of the corresponding fee according to the selected payment methods: “Premium” or “Platinum”, (iii) handling of complaints or queries about invoices or services contracted; (iv) management of the termination and cancellation of the contractual relationship. To do so, we will use your identification and contact details, economic and financial data and data related to the services you hire.
As a consequence of the services described in the previous points, Rentalia will also send transactional communications regarding the operation of the services or the operation of any other contracted service (these transactional communications will be related to the management and solution of possible technical incidents, notifications in case of modification of the contracting conditions or for the management of any possible claim that you may need to make regarding the hiring of the services).
3.B) For Rentalia's legitimate interest
We will now explain the different circumstances in which we may process your data on the basis of a legitimate interest:
If you are a Professional Advertiser acting on behalf of your company,
we will use your data for the following purposes: (i) registration on the Website and Apps; (ii) management and invoicing of the services you request from us on behalf of the company you represent, relating to the publication of a certain volume of advertisements and application of the corresponding fee according to the selected payment methods: “Premium” or “Platinum”, (iii) handling of complaints or queries about invoices or services contracted; (iv) management of the termination and cancellation of the contractual relationship. To do so, we will use your identification and contact details and data from the contracted services (and information that particularly affects Professional Advertisers (legal entity).
In addition, as part of the provision of the services you have contracted as a
Professional Advertiser
, Rentalia will also send transactional communications relating to the operation of the services or the operation of any other contracted service.
These processing operations will be carried out on the basis of the legitimate interest of Rentalia and the company you represent, for the sole purpose of managing the contractual relationship we have with you as a Professional Advertiser.
In accordance with the GDPR, we have carried out what is known as a
"balancing test"
. This is an internal analysis to confirm that our legitimate interest does not harm the interests of data subjects in the protection of their personal data. As a conclusion of this test, we understand that BDMI's legitimate interest prevails due to the reciprocal interest that exists between us and the company you represent in ensuring the correct representation and interrelation with a legal entity, in order to be able to properly manage the contractual relationship with it. Furthermore, Article 19 of the LOPDGDD allows this processing.
If you are a Private or Professional Advertiser,
we will process your identification, contact and financial information to verify your identity, prevent fraud and maintain a secure and trusted environment for users on Rentalia's Website and Apps. In this regard, we will carry out the appropriate checks by means of specific requests for documentation that we require from you, as well as by means of external sources (validation of NIF through the Tax Agency, validation of the tourist reference in those communities in which it is compulsory to have this reference, etc.).
In this context, we will also detect fraudulent advertisements based on pre-established parameters (suspicious IP, very low/high prices, location of the property, etc.). If Rentalia detects such advertisements, it will proceed to the application of the corresponding protocol to verify the identity of the advertiser and the reality of the advertisement.
For this processing we have carried out a balancing test, and we understand that we have a legitimate interest that does not affect your privacy, as we carry it out to ensure the quality of our services and a secure environment on our Website and Apps. As a consequence of this test, we understand that this processing does not prejudice your fundamental rights and freedoms, especially considering that we will only use the minimum data we need to verify your identity and prevent fraud in Rentalia's environments.
If you are a Traveller, Private Advertiser or Professional Advertiser:
- Rentalia may create profiles based on your behaviour.
Specifically, in order to carry out this activity, Rentalia will process the data obtained from the observation of your browsing habits on the Website and Apps, as well as the monitoring and analysis of your behaviour when you browse in these environments. With this information and the information that belongs to Rentalia's internal sources (i.e., information that we obtain directly from you, without consulting any file or database, such as, for example, data that you provide when you contract any of our services), we will carry out an analysis of your interests to determine which of our products and services best fit your profile. No automated decisions that would have any legal or other significant effect on you will ever be made with regard to the aforementioned profile.
This processing involves the acceptance of cookies in terms of consent, that’s why idealista will process the personal data obtained from the use of analytical, preference and advertising cookies, provided that you have given your express consent to this effect through the cookie configuration panel. For more detailed information, you may consult our
Cookies Policy
.
- We will send you promotional communications about Rentalia's own products and services, which are related to the ones you have initially contracted. In order to send you these communications we will take into account the commercial information we hold about you, in accordance with the previous point. This will allow us to send you communications tailored to your consumption habits and preferences, as well as to carry out quality surveys about the services you have contracted with Rentalia, in order to receive your feedback and improve our services.
In this case, we have also carried out a balancing test and, as a conclusion, we understand that our interest in carrying out this processing prevails: (i) to be able to maintain the relationship with you by contracting new products; (ii) to know your feedback regarding the services provided; and (iii) to make the appropriate improvements in relation to the suggestions you have made about the contracted services.
Therefore, we understand that we have a legitimate interest that does not affect your privacy, since only data that you yourself have provided us with, or that have been generated in the contractual relationship (excluding data obtained from external sources), will be used for this processing.
3.C) Compliance with legal obligations
What data do we process?
Your identification data and personal details, contact, economic and financial data and information about the services you contract.
¿To what end?
To comply with the different legal obligations that may be required from us and if we are requested to do so by any Court or Tribunal, the State Security Forces or any other competent Public Authority or Administration.
In particular, if you are a Traveller, a Private Advertiser, a Professional Advertiser (or the owner of the property whose listing is published on the Website and Apps), please note that Rentalia may communicate your details to the Spanish Tax Authorities, by submitting the corresponding forms (i.e., model 179 or model 238), in order to comply with its tax reporting obligations, in accordance with the provisions of Royal Decree 1070/2017, of 29 December; Directive (EU) 2021/514, of 22 March (DAC7); as well as, any other regulation, national or supranational, that may be issued in the future, in order to complement or replace the previous ones.
3.D) By the express consent that you provide us with
If you expressly consent, we will process your data for the following purposes:
If you are a Traveller, Private Advertiser or Professional Advertiser,
we may contact you by telephone, SMS or email (if you have provided any of these details), to send you commercial communications that you have accepted and, in particular, about Rentalia products and services other than those that you have initially contracted. These communications will be tailored to your profile and needs according to the information we have about you in our files and internal sources (we refer to personal information that we obtain directly from you, i.e., without consulting any file or database managed by a third party: information about the services you contract, advertisements published, accommodation booked, browsing data based on the cookies accepted). We will also use your identification and contact details to send communications.
If you are a Private or Professional Advertiser
, and you have expressly consented Idealista, S.A.U. to communicate your data to Rentalia (because your ads fit better in our portal, according to their characteristics), we may contact you by phone, SMS or email (if you have provided any of these data), to offer you Rentalia's products and services. To do this, we will use your identification and contact details and the information provided to us by Idealista about the property.
If you are a Private or Professional Advertiser,
and you have expressly consented to this, we will communicate your personal data to Idealista, S.A.U. (because your ads fit better in this company's portal, according to its characteristics) so that they can offer you information about their products and services. To do this, we will use your identification and contact details and the information we have about your property.
We will deal with any queries, complaints or claims that you may send us through the forms and/or email address available to you on the Website and Apps, in which case we will use your identification and contact details.
Additionally, we would like to inform you that Rentalia has collaboration agreements with some companies, which offer services that we believe may also be of interest to you, such as, for example, insurance services for Travellers. In order to contact them, these third parties offer their services on our Website and App, and provide you with forms so that you can contact them directly.
4. Recipients: to whom can we communicate them?
To the advertisers you have contacted to process your request. For clarification purposes, we will communicate to such advertisers the contact details you have included in the corresponding form.
For section 3.A) above, if you are a Traveller looking for and booking properties on our Website and Apps
: to the Private or Professional Advertisers, as the case may be, with whom you have contacted to manage your request. For clarification purposes, we will communicate to such advertisers the contact details you have included in the corresponding form.
For section 3.D) above, if you are a Private or Professional Advertiser and you have authorised:
to Idealista, S.A.U. so that it can offer you information about its products and services.
For all other purposes:
your data will not be transferred to third parties, unless it is necessary to comply with a legal requirement or if we are expressly requested to do so by Courts, Tribunals or Public Administrations, as we have indicated in section 3.C).
Without prejudice to the foregoing, we inform you that Rentalia's service providers who are responsible for the processing of your data, including those who provide us with technology or shipping services, documentation receipt and support tools to measure the operation of the Website and Apps, may have access to your data. These data processors will only access your information in accordance with Rentalia's instructions.
You can request more information about the recipients of your data by sending an e-mail to the following address
dpo@idealista.com
indicating the specific processing or use for which you would like more information.
5. Data communication: where can we send your data?
Exceptionally, some of the Rentalia service providers referred to in the previous section may process your data in countries outside the European Economic Area ("
EEA
").
In any case, whenever we transfer personal data internationally, we will ensure that:
the data transfer complies with applicable law; and
your data maintain the same level of protection as in the EEA.
For this purpose, we will only use suppliers who: (i) are located in a country or territory that has been declared by the European Commission to have an adequate level of protection; or (ii) provide us with adequate safeguards, such as standard contractual clauses or an equivalent legal tool, which are sufficient to ensure that such third party protects your data and provides you with rights and protections at the same level as in the EEA. This is without prejudice to the fact that we may also apply technical protections, such as encryption and pseudonymisation of your data, as appropriate.
6. Origin of the data: where did we get them from?
Generally, we will receive the data you provide directly in the contractual relationship.
However, there are some cases where we may obtain your data from third party sources:
If you are a Private or Professional Advertiser and you have given your consent to Idealista, S.A.U.
to provide us with your data in order to offer you Rentalia services, please note that we will receive your identification and contact details and any information about your property from Idealista, S.A.U. as a result of this data communication.
If you are a Private Advertiser or Professional Advertiser,
we may obtain additional information from you when we carry out the appropriate checks in the context of fraud prevention, as well as in compliance with legal obligations: validation of your Tax Identification Number through the Spanish Tax Authorities, validation of the tourist reference in those communities in which it is mandatory to have this reference or obtaining certain information on the bookings managed through the booking engine of our partner AvaiBook On-line, S.L.U., necessary to meet the tax information requirements of the Spanish Tax Authorities.
7. Data preservation period, for how long will we process your data?
Depending on each of the purposes for which we process your data, the time period will be:
During the contractual relationship
. That is, as long as you are a Traveller, a Private Advertiser or a Professional Advertiser (applicable to the processing indicated in section 3.A), which are necessary for the provision of the services you request from us).
Until the end of the purpose for which your data were collected or you object to their processing,
based on legitimate interest (applicable to the processing indicated in section 3.B), unless there are compelling reasons that justify the processing (for example, in cases where it is necessary to prevent abuse or fraud on the Web and Apps, in which case we may keep your data for up to 4 years).
Until you revoke your consent
(applicable to the processing indicated in section 3.D), on the basis of the express consent provided.
Until you revoke your consent
(applicable to the processing indicated in section 3.D), based on the express consent provided.
We inform you that your data will be kept blocked at the end of the processing for which they are intended and during the legal limitation periods of obligations (maximum 6 years) defined for each purpose of the processing, indicated in section 3.
8. Necessary and updated information
There are mandatory fields in the forms without which we cannot provide you with our services. By clicking on the "Save" button (or equivalent) incorporated in the aforementioned forms, you declare that the information and data you provide are accurate and truthful.
To ensure that the information provided is always up to date and contains no mistakes, please remember to inform us as soon as possible of any changes or corrections to your personal data as they occur by sending an e-mail to the following address
privacidad@rentalia.com
. You can also update your phone or email through your private area on the Website and Apps.
9. Rights of data subjects
We inform you that you may exercise the following rights:
Right of access to your personal data in order to know which personal data are being processed and the processing operations carried out on them;
The right to rectify any inaccurate or incomplete personal data;
The right to erasure your personal data, where this is possible (without prejudice to cases where we are required by law to keep it blocked);
The right to request the restriction of the processing of your personal data where the accuracy, lawfulness or necessity of the data processing is in doubt, in which case we may keep it blocked for the exercise or defence of claims;
The right to reject the processing of your personal data, when the legal basis that enables us to process your personal data is our legitimate interest. Rentalia shall cease processing your data, except for compelling legitimate reasons or it is necessary for the defence of claims;
The right to the portability of your data, which allows you to request the communication of your personal data to another company, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, when the legal basis that enables us to process it is the existence of a contractual relationship or your consent, and provided that the processing of your data is carried out by automated means;
The right to revoke the consent given to Rentalia at any time;
The right to not be subject to automated individual decisions. This right allows you not to be subject to a decision based solely on the automated processing of your personal data which, as a result, has legal effects concerning you.
You may exercise your rights at any time and free of charge by sending an e-mail to
privacidad@rentalia.com
indicating the right you wish to exercise and your identification details.
Furthermore, we inform you that you have the right to lodge a complaint with the Spanish Data Protection Agency if you consider that a breach of data protection legislation has been committed with regard to the processing of your personal data.
10. Confidentiality and security
Rentalia uses all reasonable efforts to maintain the confidentiality of personal information that is processed through the Website and Apps. We maintain strict levels of security to protect the personal data we process against accidental loss and against unauthorised access, processing or disclosure, taking into account the state of technology, the nature of the data and the risks to which it is exposed. However, we cannot be held responsible for the use you make of the data (including your username and password) that you use on Rentalia outside of our Website or Apps.
11. Additional information: Use of online identifiers or cookies
In the provision of our services, we will use third party software and/or services to collect information while you browse or interact with the content of our Website and Apps, as well as information about the device you are using. The main purpose of collecting the information generated by cookies is to learn more about how you use and interact with the Website and Apps in order to improve your experience while using our services and to identify possible errors in the implementation of our Website and Apps. The information collected includes, among others:
The IP address of your device.
The screen size of the device you use.
Device type (unique device identifier) and browser information.
Geographical location.
Favourite language used to display on our website.
Pages visited.
Date and time when the pages were visited.
Read more about passively collected information in our
Cookies Policy
.