Privacy Notice
(A) This Notice
Summary - This Notice
This Notice explains how we Process Personal Data. This Notice may be amended or updated from time to time, so please check it regularly for updates.
This Notice is issued by Husqvarna AB (publ.) on behalf of itself, its subsidiaries and its affiliates (together, “
Husqvarna Group
”, “
we
”, “
us
” and “
our
”) and is addressed to individuals outside our organisation with whom we interact, including customers, visitors to our Sites, users of our Apps, other users of our products or services, job applicants, and visitors to our premises (together, “
you
”). Defined terms used in this Notice are explained in Section (B) below.
Details of the relevant controllers under this Privacy Notice are provided in Section (W) below. Any country-specific provisions are set out in Appendix 1. App, service or product specific provisions are set out in Appendix 2.
This Notice may be amended or updated from time to time to reflect changes in our practices with respect to the Processing of Personal Data, or changes in applicable law. We encourage you to read this Notice carefully, and to regularly check this page to review any changes we might make in accordance with the terms of this Notice.
(B) Definitions
“App”
means any application made available by us (including where we make such applications available via third party stores or marketplaces, or by any other means) including but not limited to Automower Connect, My Automower, Husqvarna Battery Connect, Husqvarna Fleet Services 2.0, Husqvarna Sales Tool, Husqvarna Connect, Husqvarna Group Events, and GARDENA Smart System.
“Adequate Jurisdiction”
means a jurisdiction that has been formally designated by the European Commission or a Data Protection Authority as providing an adequate level of protection for Personal Data.
“Cookie”
means a small file that is placed on your device when you visit a website (including our Sites). In this Notice, a reference to a “Cookie” includes analogous technologies such as web beacons and clear GIFs.
“Controller”
means the entity that decides how and why Personal Data is Processed. In many jurisdictions, the Controller has primary responsibility for complying with applicable data protection laws.
“Data Protection Authority”
means an independent public authority that is legally tasked with overseeing compliance with applicable data protection laws.
“EEA”
means the European Economic Area.
“Personal Data”
means information that is about any individual, or from which any individual is directly or indirectly identifiable, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that individual.
“Process”, “Processing” or “Processed”
means anything that is done with any Personal Data, whether or not by automated means, such as collection, recording, organisation, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction.
“Processor”
means any person or entity that Processes Personal Data on behalf of the Controller (other than employees of the Controller).
“Profiling”
means any form of automated Processing of Personal Data consisting of the use of Personal Data to evaluate certain personal aspects relating to a natural person, in particular to analyse or predict aspects concerning that natural person's performance at work, economic situation, health, personal preferences, interests, reliability, behaviour, location or movements.
“Relevant Personal Data”
means Personal Data in respect of which we are the Controller.
“Sensitive Personal Data”
means Personal Data about race or ethnicity, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, physical or mental health, sexual life, any actual or alleged criminal offences or penalties, administrative offences or penalties, national identification number, information on social assistance or any other information deemed to be sensitive under applicable law.
“Standard Contractual Clauses”
means template transfer clauses adopted by the European Commission or adopted by a Data Protection Authority and approved by the European Commission or a Data Protection Authority.
“Site”
means any website operated, or maintained, by us or on our behalf.
C) Collection of Personal Data
Summary – Collection of Personal Data
We collect or obtain Personal Data: when those data are provided to us (e.g., where you contact us); in the course of our relationship with you (e.g., if you make a purchase); when you make Personal Data public (e.g., if you make a public post about us on social media); when you download, install, or use any of our Apps; when you visit our Sites; when you register to use any of our Sites, Apps, products, or services; or when you interact with any third party content or advertising on a Site or in an App. We may also receive Personal Data about you from third parties (e.g., law enforcement authorities).
Collection of Personal Data:
We collect or obtain Personal Data about you from the following sources:
Data provided to us:
We obtain Personal Data when those data are provided to us (e.g., where you contact us via email or telephone, or by any other means, or when you provide us with your business card, or when you submit a job application, or when you enter a contest or participate in a promotional campaign, or when you fill out a contact form).
Relationship data:
We collect or obtain Personal Data in the ordinary course of our relationship with you (e.g., we quote on or provide a service to you, or to your employer, our service providers process orders in online shops and subsequently provide us with the associated data, we receive information about payment or delivery notifications).
Data you make public:
We collect or obtain Personal Data that you manifestly choose to make public, including via social media (e.g., we may collect information from your social media profile(s), if you make a public post about us).
App data:
We collect or obtain Personal Data when you download or use any of our Apps, including when you use an App in connection with an Automower or other robotic lawnmower, or any of our other products or services.
Site data:
We collect or obtain Personal Data when you visit any of our Sites or use any features or resources available on or through a Site (technical connection data, e.g. the specific web page accessed, your IP address, the date and time of access, the end device used, browser configuration data).
Registration details:
We collect or obtain Personal Data when you use, or register to use, any of our Sites, Apps, products, or services.
Content and advertising information:
If you choose to interact with any third party content or advertising on a Site or in an App, we receive Personal Data about you from the relevant third party.
Third party information:
We collect or obtain Personal Data from third parties who provide it to us (e.g., credit reference agencies; law enforcement authorities, social media providers; etc.).
Tracking data:
We may collect or obtain Personal Data through web page tracking and newsletter tracking.
(D) Creation of Personal Data
Summary – Creation of Personal Data
We create Personal Data about you (e.g., records of your interactions with us).
We also create Personal Data about you in certain circumstances, such as records of your interactions with us, and details of your purchase history.
(E) Categories of Personal Data we Process
Summary – Categories of Personal Data we Process
We Process: your personal details (e.g., your name); demographic data (e.g., your age); your contact details (e.g., your address); records of your consents; purchase details; payment details (e.g., your billing address); information about our Sites and Apps (e.g., the type of device you are using); product data; details of your employer (where relevant); information about your interactions with our content or advertising; and any views or opinions you provide to us.
We may Process the following categories of Personal Data about you provided we have an applicable legal basis:
Personal details:
given name(s); preferred name; and photograph.
Demographic information:
gender; date of birth / age; nationality; salutation; title; and language preferences.
Contact details:
correspondence address; shipping address; telephone number; fax number, email address; details of Personal Assistants, where applicable; messenger app details; online messaging details; and social media details.
Consent records:
records of any consents you have given, together with the date and time, means of consent and any related information (e.g., the subject matter of the consent).
Purchase details:
records of purchases and prices; and consignee name, address, contact telephone number and email address.
Payment details
: invoice records; payment records; billing address; payment method; bank account number or credit card number; cardholder or accountholder name; card or account security details; card ‘valid from’ date; card expiry date; BACS details; SWIFT details; IBAN details; payment amount; payment date; and records of cheques.
Data relating to our Sites and Apps:
device type; operating system; browser type; browser settings; IP address; language settings; dates and times of connecting to a Site; App usage statistics; App settings; dates and times of connecting to an App; location data, and other technical communications information (some of which may constitute Personal Data); username; password; security login details; usage data; aggregate statistical information.
Product data:
when you use a robotic lawnmower, the product collects or obtains Personal Data, including location data.
Employer details:
where you interact with us in your capacity as an employee of a third party, the name, address, telephone number and email address of your employer, to the extent relevant.
Content and advertising data:
records of your interactions with our online advertising and content, records of advertising and content displayed on pages or App screens displayed to you, and any interaction you may have had with such content or advertising (e.g., mouse hover, mouse clicks, any forms you complete in whole or in part) and any touchscreen interactions.
Views and opinions:
any views and opinions that you choose to send to us, or publicly post about us on social media platforms.
(F) Sensitive Personal Data
Summary – Sensitive Personal Data
We do not seek to collect or otherwise Process Sensitive Personal Data. Where we need to Process Sensitive Personal Data for a legitimate purpose, we do so in accordance with applicable law.
We do not seek to collect or otherwise Process Sensitive Personal Data in the ordinary course of our business. Where it becomes necessary to Process your Sensitive Personal Data for any reason, we rely on one of the following legal bases:
C
ompliance with applicable law:
We may Process your Sensitive Personal Data where the Processing is required or permitted by applicable law (e.g., to comply with our diversity reporting obligations);
Establishment, exercise or defence of legal rights:
We may Process your Sensitive Personal Data where the Processing is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal rights;
Consent:
We may Process your Sensitive Personal Data where we have, in accordance with applicable law, obtained your prior, express consent prior to Processing your Sensitive Personal Data (this legal basis is only used in relation to Processing that is entirely voluntary – it is not used for Processing that is necessary or obligatory in any way); or
Manifestly made public:
We may Process your Sensitive Personal Data where the Processing of such Personal Data relates to data which are manifestly made public by you as data subject, e.g. on our Fan Pages in social media.
If you provide Sensitive Personal Data to us, you must ensure that it is lawful for you to disclose such data to us, and you must ensure a valid legal basis applies to the Processing of those Sensitive Personal Data.
(G) Purposes of Processing and legal bases for Processing
Summary – Purposes of Processing and legal bases for Processing
We Process Personal Data for the following purposes: providing our Sites, Apps, products, and services to you; operating our business; communicating with you; enabling connectivity of our products and services; maintaining Fan Pages on social media platforms; managing our IT systems; health and safety; financial management; conducting surveys; ensuring the security of our premises and systems; conducting investigations where necessary; compliance with applicable law; improving our Sites, Apps, products, and services; fraud prevention; and recruitment and job applications.
The purposes for which we Process Personal Data, subject to applicable law, and the legal bases on which we perform such Processing, are as follows:
Legal basis for Processing
Processing activity
Provision of Sites, Apps, products, and services: providing our Sites, Apps, products, or services; providing promotional items upon request; and communicating with you in relation to those Sites, Apps, products, or services.
The Processing is necessary in connection with any contract that you have entered into with us, or to take steps prior to entering into a contract with us; or
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the Processing for the purpose of providing our Sites, our Apps, our products, or our services to you (to the extent that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms); or
We have obtained your prior consent to the Processing (this legal basis is only used in relation to Processing that is entirely voluntary – it is not used for Processing that is necessary or obligatory in any way).
Operating our business:operating and managing our Sites, our Apps, our products, and our services; providing content to you; displaying advertising and other information to you; communicating and interacting with you via our Sites, our Apps, our products, or our services; and notifying you of changes to any of our Sites, our Apps, our products, or our services.
The Processing is necessary in connection with any contract that you have entered into with us, or to take steps prior to entering into a contract with us; or
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the Processing for the purpose of operating and managing our Sites, our Apps, our products, or our services to you (to the extent that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms); or
We have obtained your prior consent to the Processing (this legal basis is only used in relation to Processing that is entirely voluntary – it is not used for Processing that is necessary or obligatory in any way).
Communications and marketing: communicating with you via any means (including via email, telephone, text message, social media, post or in person) news items and other information in which you may be interested, subject always to obtaining your prior opt-in consent to the extent required under applicable law; maintaining and updating your contact information where appropriate; and obtaining your prior, opt-in consent where required.
The Processing is necessary in connection with any contract that you have entered into with us, or to take steps prior to entering into a contract with us; or
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the Processing for the purpose of contacting you, subject always to compliance with applicable law (to the extent that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms); or
We have obtained your prior consent to the Processing (this legal basis is only used in relation to Processing that is entirely voluntary – it is not used for Processing that is necessary or obligatory in any way).
Maintaining company representation pages (“Fan Pages”) on social media and other third party platforms.
We have obtained your prior consent to the Processing (this legal basis is only used in relation to Processing that is entirely voluntary – it is not used for Processing that is necessary or obligatory in any way).
The Processing is necessary in connection with any contract that you have entered into with us, or to take steps prior to entering into a contract with us.
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the Processing for the purpose of marketing and promoting our products and services, enabling easier communication channels, exchanging data, supporting public relations and events, facilitating recruiting and optimizing our social media presence (to the extent that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental right or freedoms).
Enable connectivity of your Husqvarna Group product(s) and service(s) (Internet of Things): use smart assistants including voice enabled devices; use connectivity platforms to connect your product(s) and service(s) to third party devices, apps, and services; and build your own smart home integration.
The Processing is necessary for the performance of the contract that you have entered into with us, or to take steps prior to entering into a contract with us;
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the Processing for the purpose of ensuring the proper functionality and to help improve these features (to the extent that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms).
Management of IT systems: management and operation of our communications, IT and security systems; and audits (including security audits) and monitoring of such systems.
The Processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation; or
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the Processing for the purpose of managing and maintaining our communications and IT systems (to the extent that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms).
Health and safety: health and safety assessments and record keeping; providing a safe and secure environment at our premises; and compliance with related legal obligations.
The Processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation; or
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the Processing for the purpose of providing a safe and secure environment at our premises (to the extent that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms); or
The Processing is necessary to protect the vital interests of any individual.
Financial management: sales; finance; corporate audit; and vendor management.
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the Processing for the purpose of managing and operating the financial affairs of our business (to the extent that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms); or
We have obtained your prior consent to the Processing (this legal basis is only used in relation to Processing that is entirely voluntary – it is not used for Processing that is necessary or obligatory in any way).
Surveys: engaging with you for the purposes of obtaining your views on our Sites, our Apps, our products, or our services.
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the Processing for the purpose of conducting surveys, satisfaction reports and market research (to the extent that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms); or
We have obtained your prior consent to the Processing (this legal basis is only used in relation to Processing that is entirely voluntary – it is not used for Processing that is necessary or obligatory in any way).
Security: physical security of our premises (including records of visits to our premises); CCTV recordings; and electronic security (including login records and access details).
The Processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation; or
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the Processing for the purpose of ensuring the physical and electronic security of our business and our premises (to the extent that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms).
Investigations: detecting, investigating and preventing breaches of policy, and criminal offences, in accordance with applicable law.
The Processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation; or
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the Processing for the purpose of detecting, and protecting against, breaches of our policies and applicable laws (to the extent that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms).
Legal proceedings: establishing, exercising and defending legal rights.
The Processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation; or
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the Processing for the purpose of establishing, exercising or defending our legal rights (to the extent that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms).
The usage of a whistleblowing system to prevent, report and counteract misconduct by employees or other third parties. If you report a suspected wrongdoing or appear in a report as an alleged wrongdoer or as a witness or involved party, your personal data may be processed within our whistleblowing system. (Note: country specific exceptions, for example, Sweden, may restrict the reporting to include only Husqvarna Group’s key personnel).
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the Processing for the purpose of preventing and counteracting misconduct in our organization and to secure a safe channel for employees to report potential wrongdoings (to the extent that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms)
Legal compliance: compliance with our legal and regulatory obligations under applicable law.
The Processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation.
Improving our Sites, Apps, products, and services: identifying issues with our Sites, our Apps, our products, or our services; planning improvements to our Sites, our Apps, our products, or our services; and creating new Sites, Apps, products, or services.
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the Processing for the purpose of improving our Sites, our Apps, our products, or our services (to the extent that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms); or
We have obtained your prior consent to the Processing (this legal basis is only used in relation to Processing that is entirely voluntary – it is not used for Processing that is necessary or obligatory in any way).
Fraud prevention: Detecting, preventing and investigating fraud.
The Processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation(especially in respect of applicable employment law); or
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the Processing for the purpose of detecting, and protecting against, fraud (to the extent that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms).
Recruitment and job applications: recruitment activities; advertising of positions; interview activities; analysis of suitability for the relevant position; records of hiring decisions; offer details; and acceptance details.
The Processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation(especially in respect of applicable employment law); or
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out the Processing for the purpose of recruitment activities and handling job applications (to the extent that such legitimate interest is not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights, or freedoms); or
We have obtained your prior consent to the Processing (this legal basis is only used in relation to Processing that is entirely voluntary – it is not used for Processing that is necessary or obligatory in any way).
(H) Disclosure of Personal Data to third parties
Summary – Disclosure of Personal Data to third parties
We disclose Personal Data to: legal and regulatory authorities; our external advisors; our Processors; any party as necessary in connection with legal proceedings; any party as necessary for investigating, detecting or preventing criminal offences; any purchaser of our business; and any third party providers of advertising, plugins or content used on our Sites or our Apps.
We disclose Personal Data to other entities within the Husqvarna Group, for legitimate business purposes and the operation of our Sites, Apps, products, or services, in accordance with applicable law. In addition, we disclose your Personal Data to:
you and, where appropriate, your appointed representatives;
legal and regulatory authorities, upon request, or for the purposes of reporting any actual or suspected breach of applicable law or regulation;
accountants, auditors, lawyers and other outside professional advisors to Husqvarna Group, subject to binding contractual obligations of confidentiality;
third party Processors (such as payment services providers; shipping companies; etc.), located anywhere in the world, subject to the requirements noted below in this Section (H);
any relevant party, law enforcement agency or court, to the extent necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal rights;
any relevant party for the purposes of prevention, investigation, detection or prosecution of criminal offences or the execution of criminal penalties;
any relevant third party acquirer(s), in the event that we sell or transfer all or any relevant portion of our business or assets (including in the event of a reorganization, dissolution or liquidation); and
any relevant third party provider, where our Sites and our Apps use third party advertising, plugins or content or when you choose to connect your Husqvarna Group products or services with third party products or services. If you choose to interact with any such advertising, plugins, content or connect to such products/services, your Personal Data may be shared with the relevant third party provider. We recommend that you review that third party’s privacy notice before interacting with its advertising, plugins, content or connecting Husqvarna Group products or services with third party products or services.
If we engage a third-party Processor to Process your Personal Data, the Processor will be subject to binding contractual obligations to: (i) only Process the Personal Data in accordance with our prior written instructions; and (ii) use measures to protect the confidentiality and security of the Personal Data; together with any additional requirements under applicable law.
(I) Profiling
Summary – Profiling
Personal Data are not subject to automated decision-making and Profiling.
We do not Process Personal Data for the purposes of automated decision-making and Profiling.
(J) International transfer of Personal Data
Summary – International transfer of Personal Data
We transfer Personal Data to recipients in other countries. Where we transfer Personal Data from the EEA to a recipient outside the EEA that is not in an Adequate Jurisdiction, we do so on the basis of Standard Contractual Clauses or Binding Corporate Rules.
Because of the international nature of our business, we transfer Personal Data within the Husqvarna Group, and to third parties as noted in Section (H) above, in connection with the purposes set out in this Notice. For this reason, we transfer Personal Data to other countries that may have different laws and data protection compliance requirements to those that apply in the country in which you are located.
Where we transfer your Personal Data from the EEA, the United Kingdom or Switzerland to recipients located outside the EEA, the United Kingdom or Switzerland who are not in Adequate Jurisdictions, we do so on the basis of Standard Contractual Clauses. You are entitled to request a copy of our Standard Contractual Clauses using the contact details provided in Section (W) below. In case we use a Processor that has adopted Binding Corporate Rules we may also transfer your Personal Data on the basis of Binding Corporate Rules.
Please note that when you transfer any Personal Data directly to a Husqvarna Group entity established outside the EEA, the United Kingdom or Switzerland, we are not responsible for that transfer of your Personal Data. We will nevertheless Process your Personal Data, from the point at which we receive those data, in accordance with the provisions of this Notice.
(K) Data security
Summary – Data security
We implement appropriate technical and organisational security measures to protect your Personal Data. Please ensure that any Personal Data that you send to us are sent securely.
We have implemented appropriate technical and organisational security measures designed to protect your Personal Data against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorised disclosure, unauthorised access, and other unlawful or unauthorised forms of Processing, in accordance with applicable law.
Because the internet is an open system, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will implement all reasonable measures to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to us using the internet – any such transmission is at your own risk and you are responsible for ensuring that any Personal Data that you send to us are sent securely.
(L) Data accuracy
Summary – Data accuracy
We take every reasonable step to ensure that your Personal Data are kept accurate and up-to-date and are erased or rectified if we become aware of inaccuracies.
We take every reasonable step to ensure that:
your Personal Data that we Process are accurate and, where necessary, kept up to date; and
any of your Personal Data that we Process that are inaccurate (having regard to the purposes for which they are Processed) are erased or rectified without delay.
From time to time we may ask you to confirm the accuracy of your Personal Data.
(M) Data minimisation
Summary – Data minimisation
We take every reasonable step to limit the volume of your Personal Data that we Process to what is necessary.
We take every reasonable step to ensure that your Personal Data that we Process are limited to the Personal Data reasonably necessary in connection with the purposes set out in this Notice
(N) Data retention
Summary - Data retention
We take every reasonable step to ensure that your Personal Data are only retained for as long as they are needed in connection with a lawful purpose.
We take every reasonable step to ensure that your Personal Data are only Processed for the minimum period necessary for the purposes set out in this Notice. The criteria for determining the duration for which we will retain your Personal Data are as follows:
1. we will retain Personal Data in a form that permits identification only for as long as:
we maintain an ongoing relationship with you (e.g., where you are a user of our services, or you are lawfully included in our mailing list and have not unsubscribed); or
your Personal Data are necessary in connection with the lawful purposes set out in this Notice, for which we have a valid legal basis (e.g., where your personal data are included in a contract between us and your employer, and we have a legitimate interest in processing those data for the purposes of operating our business and fulfilling our obligations under that contract; or where we have a legal obligation to retain your Personal Data; or until you withdraw your consent and no other legal basis exists; or as long as there are statutory retention obligations),
plus:
2. the duration of:
applicable limitation period under applicable law (i.e., any period during which any person could bring a legal claim against us in connection with your Personal Data, or to which your Personal Data are relevant); and
an additional two (2) month period following the end of such applicable limitation period (so that, if a person brings a claim at the end of the limitation period, we are still afforded a reasonable amount of time in which to identify any Personal Data that are relevant to that claim),
and:
3. in addition: if any relevant legal claims are brought, we continue to Process Personal Data for such additional periods as are necessary in connection with that claim; we may also continue to process Personal Data if deleting the data would conflict with the requirement to protect the interest of the persons concerned; or if the processing is otherwise necessary in accordance with Art.17 (3) of the GDPR or equivalent provisions of other applicable Data Protection Laws.
During the periods noted in paragraphs (2)(a) and (2)(b) above, we will restrict our Processing of your Personal Data to storage of, and maintaining the security of, those data, except to the extent that those data need to be reviewed in connection with any legal claim, or any obligation under applicable law.
Once the periods in paragraphs (1), (2) and (3) above, each to the extent applicable, have concluded, we will either:
permanently delete or destroy the relevant Personal Data; or
anonymize the relevant Personal Data.
(O) Your legal rights
Summary – Your legal rights
Subject to applicable law, you may have a number of rights, including: the right not to provide your Personal Data to us; the right of access to your Personal Data; the right to request rectification of inaccuracies; the right to request the erasure, or restriction of Processing, of your Personal Data; the right to object to the Processing of your Personal Data; the right to have your Personal Data transferred to another Controller; the right to withdraw consent; and the right to lodge complaints with Data Protection Authorities. In some cases it will be necessary to provide evidence of your identity before we can give effect to these rights.
Subject to applicable law, you may have the following rights regarding the Processing of your Relevant Personal Data:
the right not to provide your Personal Data to us (however, please note that we will be unable to provide you with the full benefit of our Sites, Apps, products, or services, if you do not provide us with your Personal Data – e.g., we might not be able to process your requests without the necessary details);
the right to request access to, or copies of, your Relevant Personal Data, together with information regarding the nature, Processing and disclosure of those Relevant Personal Data;
the right to request rectification of any inaccuracies in your Relevant Personal Data;
the right to request, on legitimate grounds:
erasure of your Relevant Personal Data; or
restriction of Processing of your Relevant Personal Data;
the right to have certain Relevant Personal Data transferred to another Controller, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, to the extent applicable;
where we Process your Relevant Personal Data on the basis of your consent, the right to withdraw that consent (noting that such withdrawal does not affect the lawfulness of any Processing performed prior to the date on which we receive notice of such withdrawal, and does not prevent the Processing of your Personal Data in reliance upon any other available legal bases); and
the right to lodge complaints regarding the Processing of your Relevant Personal Data with a Data Protection Authority (in particular, the Data Protection Authority of the EU Member State in which you live, or in which you work, or in which the alleged infringement occurred, each if applicable, the Data Protection Authority of the United Kingdom or Switzerland).
Subject to applicable law, you may also have the following additional rights regarding the Processing of your Relevant Personal Data:
the right to object, on grounds relating to your particular situation, to the Processing of your Relevant Personal Data by us or on our behalf; and
the right to object to the Processing of your Relevant Personal Data by us or on our behalf for direct marketing purposes.
This does not affect your statutory rights.
To exercise one or more of these rights, or to ask a question about these rights or any other provision of this Notice, or about our Processing of your Personal Data, please visit
https://privacyportal.husqvarnagroup.com
or use the contact details provided in Section (W) below. Please note that:
in some cases it will be necessary to provide evidence of your identity before we can give effect to these rights; and
where your request requires the establishment of additional facts (e.g., a determination of whether any Processing is non-compliant with applicable law) we will investigate your request reasonably promptly, before deciding what action to take.
(P) Cookies and similar technologies
Summary – Cookies and similar technologies
We Process Personal Data by using Cookies and similar technologies. For more information, please see our Cookie Policy:
-
Diamant Boart
-
Flymo
-
Gardena
-
HTC
-
Husqvarna
-
Husqvarna Construction
-
Husqvarna Group
- Husqvarna Karriere
-
Husqvarna Store
-
Jonsered
-
McCulloch
-
Partner
-
Universal Accessories
When you visit a Site or use an App we will typically place Cookies onto your device, or read Cookies already on your device, subject always to obtaining your consent, where required, in accordance with applicable law. We use Cookies to record information about your device, your browser and, in some cases, your preferences and browsing habits. This helps us make our site better and easier to use. We Process Personal Data through Cookies and similar technologies, in accordance with our Cookie Policies available via the links outlined above.
(Q) Terms of Use
Summary – Terms of Use
Our Terms of Use govern all use of our Sites and our Apps:
-
Diamant Boart
-
Flymo
-
Gardena
-
HTC
-
Husqvarna
-
Husqvarna Construction
-
Husqvarna Group
-
Husqvarna Store
-
Jonsered
-
McCulloch
-
Partner
-
Universal Accessories
All use of our Sites, Apps, products, or services is subject to our Terms of Use. We recommend that you review our Terms of Use regularly, in order to review any changes we might make from time to time.
(R) Direct marketing
Summary – Direct marketing
We Process Personal Data to contact you with information regarding Sites, Apps, products, or services that may be of interest to you. You may unsubscribe for free at any time.
We Process Personal Data to contact you via email, telephone, direct mail or other communication formats to provide you with information regarding Sites, Apps, products, or services that may be of interest to you. If we provide Sites, Apps, products, or services to you, or if you have requested to receive our newsletter, we may send information to you regarding our Sites, Apps, products, or services, upcoming promotions and other information that may be of interest to you, using the contact details that you have provided to us, subject always to obtaining your prior opt-in consent to the extent required under applicable law.
Our newsletters contain tracking pixels. A tracking pixel is an invisible graphic in HTML emails; its purpose is to generate a log file when the email is opened and to log which links are activated from the newsletter and subsequently analyse this data. This allows us, by means of statistical evaluations, to determine the success of our newsletter campaigns and to optimise our newsletters, e.g. so that you receive information and offers that are more appropriate to your interests.
You may unsubscribe from our promotional email list at any time by simply clicking on the unsubscribe link included in every promotional email we send. After you unsubscribe, we will not send you further promotional emails, but in some circumstances we will continue to contact you to the extent necessary for the purposes of any Sites, Apps, products, or services you have requested.
We invite you to use our online garden planner. In order to save your planned garden across all your devices you will need to register. The registration form will allow us to personalize how we address you, it also details the scope of the data we collect for the assignment of the garden. If you choose to share the garden you have created with third parties, this will be done anonymously, meaning that the garden you share cannot be used to identify you personally.
(S) Competitions
Summary – Competitions
If you take part in a competition or similar campaign, we may Process your Personal Data to administer such campaign.
From time to time, you have the opportunity to take part in competitions or similar promotional campaigns, for example via our websites. As part of these campaigns, it may be necessary to collect and store your Personal Data, as further specified in the campaign entry form, to administer the competition. Data that we do not necessarily need for the conduct of the competition but which, for example, allows us to notify you faster in the event that you may win, are expressly marked as voluntary information. Any Personal Data that you provide to us in the context of such campaigns will be used exclusively for the handling of the campaign (in the case of a competition, for example, to determine the winner(s), notify the winner(s) and send the winner(s) their prize). When the campaign is completed, data of the participants who did not win will be deleted immediately and the data of the winner(s), will be deleted upon expiry of the statutory retention period.
(T) Online Application Process
Summary – Online Application Process
We Process Personal Data in the context of our online application process.
We provide an online job application process. The data you submit, including any files you upload, are transferred via a secure connection. Your electronic application data will be routed to the relevant personnel department, who will send it only to the relevant department for the job in question and/or to the people who are authorised to process the application. All parties will treat your application documents with the utmost care and keep the content strictly confidential.
Following completion of the candidate selection process, we will retain your application documents for four months, after which time we will delete them and/or destroy any copies, unless we have entered into an employment contract with you. If we wish to keep your application documents on file in our applicant pool, we will contact you about this. During this communication, we will give you the opportunity to actively consent to the continued storage of your documents. Regardless of whether or not you currently have an open application, your applicant account and the associated data will continue to be stored unless you deactivate them; this gives you the opportunity to apply for other jobs with us. Please note that applications submitted to us by email are transferred to us in an unencrypted format. We therefore recommend that you use the online application portal where possible.
(U) Minors
Summary – Minors
Our Sites are not aimed at minors and we do not knowingly collect Personal Data from minors.
Our Sites are not aimed at minors and we do not knowingly collect Personal Data from minors.
(V) Social Media and other third party platforms
Summary – Social Media and other third party platforms
We Process personal in the context of Fan Pages on social media and other third party platforms and for purposes of delivering targeted advertising campaigns.
Social Media Buttons
We use social media buttons for Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Pinterest, YouTube, LinkedIn and Xing on our Websites. The social media buttons are not integrated as plugins via iFrame, but only provide a link to our company representation page (“
Fan Page
”) on the respective social media platform. No Personal Data is transmitted to such social media provider upon clicking on a social media button.
Fan Pages on Social Media Platforms
We maintain Fan Pages on social media and other third party platforms to market and promote our products and services. When we provide a Fan Page on a social media or other third party platform, we are a joint controller with the provider of the platform. We operate Fan Pages in joint controllership with Facebook and Instagram, Pinterest, Twitter, YouTube, LinkedIn and Xing (incl. Kununu). We recommend that you review each such company’s privacy notice for further information about the processing they carry out and the contact details for such companies.
We will Process Personal Data of both registered and non-registered visitors of our Fan Pages.
Registered visitors:
We Process data relating to our Sites (such as user identification), Personal details and Contact details (e.g. shared profile data). We also Process Personal Data generated through sharing of content, message exchange and communication. We may also Process special categories of Personal Data, if the user has shared such Personal Data.
Registered and non-registered visitors:
We Process pseudonymized data such as statistics and insights on visitors’ interaction with the content on our Fan Page (page activities, page views, like information, reach, general demographic, location and interest-related information on age, gender, country, city, language), evaluations of the success of our advertisements, and other analyses. We cannot merge pseudonymized data with the corresponding attribution features (e.g. name details) and hence it is not possible for us to identify individual visitors who remain anonymous.
We are not responsible for the user’s experience within the Fan Pages, e.g. with regard to the use of interactive functions such as sharing and rating.
A Fan Page or other corporate presence on third party platforms is just one of several options for contacting us or receiving information from us. As an alternative, the information offered via our Fan Pages and corporate presences can also be accessed on our websites.
Targeting
As further explained in our Cookie Policies (see Section (P) above), we may use cookies on our sites to allow Facebook, if you have a Facebook account, to serve you Husqvarna Group ads that are relevant to your interests. To do so, we direct Facebook, based on the data collected by the Facebook pixel, to create a group of Facebook users that will be the audience of our ad campaigns (so called custom audiences).
For the creation of custom audiences, we and Facebook Ireland are acting as joint controllers and have entered into Facebook’s Controller Addendum to determine the parties’ respective responsibilities. We are responsible to provide the information set out herein, and Facebook Ireland is responsible for enabling data subjects’ rights under Articles 15-20 GDPR or equivalent provisions of other applicable Data Protection Laws with regard to personal data stored by Facebook Ireland after the joint processing.
You can find the relevant contact details and further information on how Facebook Ireland processes personal data, including legal basis and ways to exercise your rights against Facebook Ireland in Facebook Ireland’s Data Policy at https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy.
Facebook may also use the custom audience data to create lookalike audiences, which are Facebook users with similar interests or profiles as our custom audiences, for the purpose of delivering our ads to these audiences. For any such processing, Facebook is the data controller and its privacy notice will apply to this processing.
You can view your Facebook ad settings and update your preferences with Facebook at any time.
(W) Details of Controllers
Summary – Details of Controllers
There are several Husqvarna Group entities that act as Controllers for the purposes of this Privacy Notice, which have different contact details. The relevant Controllers and their respective contact details are set out below.
For the purposes of this Notice, the relevant Controllers are:
Country
Controller entity
Contact details
All countries
Husqvarna AB (publ.)
Drottninggatan 2, SE-561 82 Huskvarna, Sweden
Austria
Husqvarna Austria GmbH
Industriezeile 36, AT-4010 Linz
Belgium
Husqvarna Belgium SA
Avenue des Artisans 50, ZI no 2, BE-7822 Ath
Bulgaria
Construction Tools EOOD
100 Tutrakan blvd, 7000 Ruse
Bulgaria
Diamond Tool Supply BG EOOD
159 Dondukov Blvd., floor 7, BG-1527 Sofia
Czech Republic
Husqvarna Cesko s.r.o.
Türkova 2319/5b, CZ-14900 Praha 4 - Chodov
Czech Republic
Husqvarna Manufacturing CZ s.r.o.
Jesenicka e.p. 146, CZ-79326 VRBNO POD PRADEDEM
Czech Republic
SILESMONT, s.r.o.
Konská 742, 739 61 Trinec
Czech Republic
STEELTECH, CZ s.r.o.
Prumyslová 700, CZ-73961 Trinec
Denmark
Husqvarna Danmark A/S
Lejrvej 19, st, DK-3500 Værløse
Estonia
Husqvarna Eesti Osaühing
Valdeku 132, EE-11216 Tallinn
Finland
Oy Husqvarna Ab
Juurakkotie 5B2, FI-01510 Vantaa
France
Husqvarna France S.A.S.
9-11 Allée des Pierres Mayettes, FR-92635 Gennevilliers, Gennevilliers cedex
France
Husqvarna Construction Products France S.A.S.
7, rue des Arches - CS 33402, FR-41034 Blois Cedex
Germany
GARDENA GmbH
Hans-Lorenser-Straße 40, 89079 Ulm
Germany
GARDENA Deutschland GmbH
Hans-Lorenser-Straße 40, 89079 Ulm
Germany
GARDENA Manufacturing GmbH
Hans-Lorenser-Straße 40, 89079 Ulm
Germany
Husqvarna Deutschland GmbH
Hans-Lorenser-Straße 40, 89079 Ulm
Germany
Husqvarna Store GmbH
Friedrich-List-Straße 7, 89250 Senden
Greece
Husqvarna Greece SA
Industrial Area of Inofyta, 54th km Athens-Lamia, GR-32011 Inofyta, Beotia
Hungary
Husqvarna Hungary Ltd.
Ezred u. 1-3, HU-1044 Budapest
Ireland
Husqvarna Finance International Limited
8th Floor, Block E, Iveagh Court, Harcourt Road, Dublin 2
Ireland
Husqvarna Finance Ireland Limited
9th Floor, Block E, Iveagh Court, Harcourt Road, Dublin 2
Italy
Husqvarna Italia S.p.A.
Via Santa Vecchia, 15, IT-23868 Valmadrera
Latvia
SIA Husqvarna Latvija
Ulbrokas str. 19A, LV-1021 LV-1021
Lithuania
UAB Husqvarna Lietuva
Ateities pl. 77c, LT-52104 Kaunas
Netherlands
Husqvarna Nederland B.V.
Jool Hulstraat 20-22, 1327 HA Almere
Norway
Husqvarna Norge AS
Troeskenveien 36, NO-1708 Sarpsborg
Poland
Husqvarna Poland Sp. z o.o.
ul. Wysockiego 15 B, PL-03-371 Warszawa
Portugal
Husqvarna Portugal, S.A.
Edificio Diamant Boart - Lagoa - Albarraque, 2635-595 Rio de Mouro
Slovakia
Husqvarna Slovensko s.r.o.
Revolucna 573, 031 05 Liptovsky Mikulas
Spain
Husqvarna España S.A.
Calle de Rivas, no 10, Vicalvaro district, ES-28052 Madrid
Sweden
Husqvarna AB (publ)
Drottninggatan 2, SE-561 82 Huskvarna
Sweden
Husqvarna Commercial Solutions AB
Drottninggatan 2, SE-561 82 Huskvarna
Sweden
Husqvarna Stockholm AB
Herrestavägen 15, SE-177 38 Järfälla
Sweden
HTC Sweden AB
Klevvägen 7, SE-614 92 Söderköping
Switzerland
Husqvarna Schweiz AG
Industriestrasse 10, CH-5506 Mägenwil
United Kingdom
Husqvarna UK Ltd.
Preston Road, DL5 6UP NEWTON AYCLIFFE, Durham
Alternatively, you may contact us via
https://privacyportal.husqvarnagroup.com.
If you have any questions related to this Privacy Notice you may also contact us at
privacy@husqvarnagroup.com.
Our Group Data Protection Officer is contactable using the details set out above and can also be contacted by email at
dpo@husqvarnagroup.com.
APPENDIX 1 – COUNTRY SPECIFIC PROVISIONS
Summary – Country Specific Provisions
In this Appendix we have set out provisions that are specific to a certain country. Note that the provisions in this Appendix only apply in relation to the specified country.
(1) Germany
(R) Direct Marketing
Double-Opt-In-Procedure within Newsletter Subscription
If explicitly requested by you, we will send you our newsletter on the topics you have chosen as well as information about our company. Please note that the delivery can only take place after you have explicitly confirmed your subscription request again within the scope of our double opt-in procedure.
The personal data collected during the newsletter registration process is used exclusively for the purpose of sending and personalising the newsletter (e.g. to address you with your name). You can revoke your consent to the storage of personal data that you have given us for the purpose of sending the newsletter at any time with effect for the future. For the purpose of revoking your consent, each newsletter contains a corresponding link; alternatively, you can also contact us directly so that we can implement your revocation. We have provided details of the consent given to us in the double opt-in e-mail.
(U) Minors
Our Sites are not aimed at minors and we do not knowingly collect Personal Data from minors (except applicants). If persons under the age of 16 transmit personal data to us, this is only permitted if the parent or guardian has given his or her consent or has agreed to the consent of the minor. In accordance with Art. 8 Para. 2 GDPR, the contact details of the parent or guardian must be provided to us in order to convince us of the consent or approval of the parent or guardian. This data and the data of the minor will then be processed in accordance with this Privacy Notice. If we discover that a minor under the age of 16 has sent personal data to us without the consent of the parent or legal guardian, we will delete the data immediately.
(W) Details of controllers
Our Data Protection Officer for Germany is contactable using the details set out above and can also be contacted by email at datenschutz@husqvarnagroup.com.
(2) Austria
(R) Direct Marketing
Double-Opt-In-Procedure within Newsletter Subscription
If explicitly requested by you, we will send you our newsletter on the topics you have chosen as well as information about our company. Please note that the delivery can only take place after you have explicitly confirmed your subscription request again within the scope of our double opt-in procedure.
The personal data collected during the newsletter registration process is used exclusively for the purpose of sending and personalising the newsletter (e.g. to address you with your name). You can revoke your consent to the storage of personal data that you have given us for the purpose of sending the newsletter at any time with effect for the future. For the purpose of revoking your consent, each newsletter contains a corresponding link; alternatively, you can also contact us directly so that we can implement your revocation. We have provided details of the consent given to us in the double opt-in e-mail.
(U) Minors
Our Sites are not aimed at minors and we do not knowingly collect Personal Data from minors (except applicants). If persons under the age of 16 transmit personal data to us, this is only permitted if the parent or guardian has given his or her consent or has agreed to the consent of the minor. In accordance with Art. 8 Para. 2 GDPR, the contact details of the parent or guardian must be provided to us in order to convince us of the consent or approval of the parent or guardian. This data and the data of the minor will then be processed in accordance with this Privacy Notice. If we discover that a minor under the age of 16 has sent personal data to us without the consent of the parent or legal guardian, we will delete the data immediately
(3) The United States of America
In the United States of America, national data privacy legislation has not been adopted and instead, various states including, but not limited to, California, Virginia, Connecticut, Colorado and Utah have enacted data privacy legislation (
“State Standards”
). Husqvarna complies with the following State Standards. See also:
Privacy notice of husqvarna.com | Husqvarna US
California:
The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“
CCPA
”) and the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020
(“CPRA”)
applies to California residents including consumers, our employees and B2B business partners. It applies to for-profit “businesses” that meet several thresholds, including affiliates, joint ventures and partnerships with a gross global annual revenue of greater than US$25 million. See also
Husqvarna Privacy Policy (CA Residents, Do Not Sell My Personal Info) | Husqvarna US
a. Under the CCPA/CPRA, Personal Data Protection Rights include:
Right to Know Information collected within the last 12 months. That disclosure includes:
The business or commercial purpose for collecting that personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information.
The specific personal information we collected.
If a third party collected personal information on our behalf, then the identity and contact information for that third party.
Right to Delete Personal Information
Right to Delete Personal Information
Right to Correct Personal Information
Right to Limit Use of Sensitive Personal Information
Right to Out of the Sale or Sharing of Personal Information
Right to Non-Discrimination.
California residents, including consumers, employees or business partners, can exercise these rights by submitting a
Request Form
here
b. We will acknowledge Your Right to Know or Your Right to Deletion within 10 days of receiving your request. We will strive to respond to your request with the information you want to know or the details of the information that we have deleted, within forty-five (45) days of receipt of your initial request. If we require more time, we will explain why and the additional time needed. If we cannot comply with your request, we will explain why.
Other States including, but not limited to, Virginia, Connecticut Colorado and Utah:
The Colorado Privacy Act, Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act, Connecticut Data Privacy Act and the Utah Consumer Privacy Act applies to residents of these states but excludes employees and B2B business partners. These Acts apply to a business that produces products or services and controls or processes personal data of at least 100,000 residents in the past 12 months. See also:
https://www.husqvarna.com/us/notice-at-collection-for-virginia-residents
Similar to the Personal Data Protection Rights granted under the CCPA/CCRA, residents of these states also have the following rights:
Right to Know Information collected within the last 12 months.
Right to Delete Personal Information
Right to Correct Personal Information
Right to Limit Use of Sensitive Personal Information
Right to Out of the Sale or Sharing of Personal Information
Right to Non-Discrimination.
Residents of these states can exercise these rights by submitting a
Request Form here
APPENDIX 2 - APP, SERVICE, PRODUCT SPECIFIC PROVISIONS
Summary – App, Service and Product Specific Provisions
In this Appendix we have set out provisions that are specific to a certain app, service or product. Note that the provisions in this Appendix only apply in relation to the specified app, service or product.
(1)  Processing of personal data within Automower® Connect
Who and why?
When you register for and use Husqvarna's Automower® Connect, Husqvarna AB (publ.) (“Husqvarna” or “we”), as the controller, will process your personal data. We will process your personal data in order to:
Provide you with Automower® Connect or to make you an offer for such service. The legal basis is that the processing is necessary for the performance of the contract that you have entered into with us, or to take steps prior to entering into a contract with us.
Further develop and improve our products and services. The legal basis is our legitimate interest in developing and improving our products and services.
Enable connectivity of Automower® Connect (Internet of Things): use partner integrations (for example smart assistants, including voice enabled devices); use connectivity platforms to connect Automower® Connect to third party devices, apps, and services; and build your own smart home integration. The legal basis is that the processing is necessary for the performance of the contract that you have entered into with us.
Provide you with relevant information relating to your Automower® and Automower® Connect experience. The legal basis is our legitimate interest to keep you informed of your specific products and services and its features.
Provide you with support and troubleshooting regarding Automower® Connect. The legal basis is that the processing is necessary for the performance of the contract that you have entered into with us.
If you have given us your consent (in which case the legal basis is your consent), we may also process your personal data for the following purposes:
Send you customised advertisements and newsletters about our products and services.
Send you customer surveys and analyse the input you provide as further detailed in such communication.
Your data will be processed for as long as it is required by Husqvarna to fulfil the above-mentioned purposes, but under no circumstances for longer than the applicable laws allow.
What personal data do we process?
We may process the following personal data:
personal details: first and last name, nationality, language preferences;
contact details: email address, postal address;
account information: account age, password, account number;
data related to the Automower® Intelligent Mapping: area names of maps, GPS coordinates;
GPS position/location data of the lawn mower;
other data related to your Automower® Connect: mower name, pairing names, actions triggered through the use of partner integrations; and
device information.
Partner integrations
For a better user experience, we enable the integration of compatible devices from leading manufacturers in our Automower® Connect app. We are also integrating our technology into leading smart-home platforms. To use these devices/platforms, you must link your partner user account to the Automower® Connect user account and explicitly agree to the use of the compatible device and the connection to the platform. To ensure smooth functionality, and with your consent, some of the personal data collected by partner devices is stored in our systems and status information about your devices is passed on to the smart-home platforms. Further information about our partner integrations can be found at
https://www.husqvarna.com/uk/learn-and-discover/smart-home-integration/
.
Use of location data
Some of our services only work if we can determine the location of your mower (e.g. weather display). When you share your mower location with us, the data is stored as part of your profile and may be sent to third parties in pseudonymised form for the purposes of providing the relevant service (e.g. to park the mower in case of heavy rain).
Automower® Intelligent Mapping and its related services (e.g. generation of a lawn map, live position, etc.) only work if the mower sends us its geographic coordinates. The data is stored as part of your profile and used to provide the services, to find solutions to problems and, after the data has been anonymised, for the further development of the technology. Automower® Intelligent Mapping uses a third-party provider, Google, to display the map data.
Further information
We will always use your personal data in accordance with our Privacy Notice. You will find more information about how we process your data, who we may share it with, what rights you have and further contact details to us in the Privacy Notice.
2024-05-08
(A) This Notice
(B) Definitions
C) Collection of Personal Data
(D) Creation of Personal Data
(E) Categories of Personal Data we Process
(F) Sensitive Personal Data
(G) Purposes of Processing and legal bases for Processing
(H) Disclosure of Personal Data to third parties
(I) Profiling
(J) International transfer of Personal Data
(K) Data security
(L) Data accuracy
(M) Data minimisation
(N) Data retention
(O) Your legal rights
(P) Cookies and similar technologies
(Q) Terms of Use
(R) Direct marketing
(S) Competitions
(T) Online Application Process
(U) Minors
(V) Social Media and other third party platforms
(W) Details of Controllers
APPENDIX 1 – COUNTRY SPECIFIC PROVISIONS
APPENDIX 2 - APP, SERVICE, PRODUCT SPECIFIC PROVISIONS
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://privacyportal.husqvarnagroup.com/:
Cookie Notice
We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners.
Close
Accept Cookies
Cookie Settings
Your Privacy
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Performance Cookies
Functional Cookies
Targeting Cookies
More Information
Privacy Preference Centre
Save Settings
Allow All
Skip to main content
close
Search
Main navigation
close
Home
Data Subject’s Rights
Privacy Notice
public
Change language
Welcome to Husqvarna Group’s Privacy Portal
Husqvarna AB (publ.) and our subsidiaries and affiliates throughout the world (together the “
Husqvarna Group”, “we”
or
“us”
) care about your privacy and the protection of your personal data. We are committed to continue complying with data privacy laws.
If an entity within the Husqvarna Group (under any of our brands, e.g. in connection with the provision of a service) processes your personal data, you may, subject to applicable law, have certain rights which you can request to exercise. These rights are known as the rights of the data subject, or the
“
Data Subject’s Rights
”
, and are further described in the following steps.
Please refer to our
Privacy Notice
for more detailed information regarding how we process your personal data.
Privacy Policy
Read more
Bulgarian
Croatian
Czech
Danish
Dutch
English
Estonian
Finnish
French
German
Greek
Hungarian
Icelandic
Italian
Latvian
Lithuanian
Maltese
Norwegian
Polish
Portuguese
Romanian
Slovak
Slovenian
Spanish
Swedish
Sub-policy 1
https://privacyportal.husqvarnagroup.com./:
Cookie Notice
We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners.
Close
Accept Cookies
Cookie Settings
Your Privacy
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Performance Cookies
Functional Cookies
Targeting Cookies
More Information
Privacy Preference Centre
Save Settings
Allow All
Skip to main content
close
Search
Main navigation
close
Home
Data Subject’s Rights
Privacy Notice
public
Change language
Welcome to Husqvarna Group’s Privacy Portal
Husqvarna AB (publ.) and our subsidiaries and affiliates throughout the world (together the “
Husqvarna Group”, “we”
or
“us”
) care about your privacy and the protection of your personal data. We are committed to continue complying with data privacy laws.
If an entity within the Husqvarna Group (under any of our brands, e.g. in connection with the provision of a service) processes your personal data, you may, subject to applicable law, have certain rights which you can request to exercise. These rights are known as the rights of the data subject, or the
“
Data Subject’s Rights
”
, and are further described in the following steps.
Please refer to our
Privacy Notice
for more detailed information regarding how we process your personal data.
Privacy Policy
Read more
Bulgarian
Croatian
Czech
Danish
Dutch
English
Estonian
Finnish
French
German
Greek
Hungarian
Icelandic
Italian
Latvian
Lithuanian
Maltese
Norwegian
Polish
Portuguese
Romanian
Slovak
Slovenian
Spanish
Swedish