Features
Videos
Support / FAQ
Blog
Privacy
One Zero One Audio LLC – Privacy Policy
Last updated 1 Jan 2019
This Privacy Policy describes how and when we (One Zero One Audio LLC) use and share your information when you use our products such as the ShowOne app or our website.
Device information
We may collect device-specific information, such as your hardware model and operating system version.
Application information
We may collect information about your installation, such as the application version number.
Data uploaded to your device via the ShowOne app
We do not collect or have access to any data that you import into ShowOne; i.e., audio and song files. Your files only exist locally on your devices within the ShowOne app architecture, and can be removed at any time by you, the user. We do not collect or have access to any of the metadata surrounding your files, such as track names, tempos, or other information. All purchases and your financial information are handled by Apple through their App Store / in-app purchase system. We have no access to your financial information or other personal records.
Information you give us
When you contact us via email or our support form, we may keep a record of your communication to help solve any issues you might be facing.
The amount and type of information that we gather depends on the nature of the interaction. This usually amounts to your name and email address. We collect such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with us. We do not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Information we share
We do not share or disclose your private personal information unless necessary to comply with a law, regulation or legal request.
We may share or disclose your non-private, aggregated or otherwise non-personal information, such as aggregate usage statistics.
This privacy policy is subject to change without notice. If you have any questions feel free to contact us directly at
support@onezerooneaudio.com
.