Yoti App and Post Office Easy ID Privacy Notice
Look out for these information boxes for a simple summary of each section.
Or alternatively, you can find
privacy information for children and young adults here.
Jump to section
Key definitions
What is this?
Information collection and use
Our reasons for using your information
Information sharing
Security and data location
Biometrics
Your rights and choices
Analytics
Contact us
Past versions
What’s new
What's new?
We have input a link to the Yoti Biometrics Policy, which applies to certain App users in the US.
We have created a new Section 4 to cover our reasons / lawful bases for using your personal data.
We have made minor updates for the new dPass functionality, internal fraud checks, the Internal Fraud Database and use of anonymised customer support query data to improve customer support services.
Updated:
15 November
2024
1.
Key definitions
Analytics:
The careful study of something, by breaking it down into smaller pieces.
Yoti looks at trends and patterns in the app to inform our business decisions. Yoti performs analytics on how users interact with the app using anonymous and aggregated data.
Base image:
A still image of your face taken during the test to prove you are a real person, during app registration.  You cannot view this and you cannot share it with any businesses or individuals using your Digital ID  – rather, it serves as a reference from which our technology can create a biometric template (see below) for your account.
Biometrics:
A study of people’s unique physical and behavioural characteristics, which aims to identify or recognise people as a unique individual based on traits they have. At Yoti we use biometrics to create a Biometric Template of your face so that we can confirm it is really you.
Biometric Template:
A biometric template is a snapshot of your physical or behavioural attributes, only understandable by a machine. Specifically we use a biometric template which is a digital map of your face, created from a photo of your face for the purposes of digital face matching and only understandable by a machine.
Data Controller:
T
he data controller determines the purposes for which and the means by which personal data is processed. So, if your company/organisation decides ‘why’ and ‘how’ the personal data should be processed it is the data controller
Data Protection Officer:
The person who is responsible for overseeing a company’s data protection implementation to ensure compliance with data privacy law.
Encryption:
This allows information to be hidden so that it cannot be read without special knowledge such as a key or a password.
Face Scan:
A type of selfie photo (of your face) which is used for the purpose of checking it’s really you using your digital ID.  Face scans are not viewable by you and cannot be shared with any businesses or individuals using digital ID.
GDPR & UK GDPR:
The General Data Protection Regulation is a legal framework that sets guidelines for the collection and processing of personal information from individuals who live in the UK & European Union (EU). It protects people and lays down rules about how data about people can be used.
Lawful Bases:
Under the GDPR and UK GDPR organisations must have a valid lawful basis or ‘reason’ for processing personal data. There are six available lawful bases under Art. 6 of GDPR/UK GDPR. We have included our lawful bases for each use of personal data within this privacy notice.
ISO 27001 and SOC 2 :
These are information security controls and standards, designed against a set of defined tests that the organisation has to be assessed on.
Third Parties:
These are companies that we may have interactions with outside of Yoti. For example this could be other apps, software and partner companies. Where we say ‘third party’ this means anyone who is not you or us. This could be another person or an organisation.
2.
What is this?
Our Privacy notice is here to explain to you how Yoti manages your personal data. The app is what you may use to prove your age and/or identity online and in person. The app is branded either Yoti or Post Office EasyID.
This privacy notice, along with the
Yoti Biometrics Policy
for individuals in Illinois, Texas and Washington, covers both the Yoti app and the Post Office EasyID app (the “app”). Yoti uses the name and branding of Post Office EasyID under licence from the Post Office.
Yoti is both the technology provider and Data Controller for Post Office EasyID. Yoti is responsible for safely encrypting your details, verifying your identity during account creation and developing the app.
The app is a biometric identity app that provides you with a quick, easy, secure and privacy-friendly way to
prove your age and / or identity, online and in person. You set it up once and then use it anywhere that
accepts the app. It works by allowing you to share verified details (we call these attributes) from ID
documents you add to your app account. In some cases you can also manually add details, and have
them verified.
Our Data Protection Impact Assessment (DPIA) for the Yoti app was conducted on 9th January 2019. Our latest update to the DPIA was made in November 2021. In addition to this we conducted a PIA with the Australian Government as part of the TDIF (Trusted Digital Identity Framework) in November 2021.
We have some FAQs on the app here (in English only):
Yoti:
https://yoti.force.com/yotisupport/s/individualarticlecategories
EasyID:
https://idsupport.postoffice.co.uk/s/
The information in this privacy notice relates to the app. We also have general information that applies across all our business here:
https://www.yoti.com/privacy/
That page provides information about Yoti, our business principles, our Guardian Council, contact details and general personal information collection and use practices. The page also has links to all the product-specific privacy notices.
3.
Information collection and use
This privacy notice will refer to the collection and use of information when using the app.
We collect different pieces of your information for different reasons. We explain why we collect this information below. For each of our products, we have a product specific privacy notice. This notice refers to the App and this section provides information on personal information collection and use.
We collect information to set up your app account, when you add documents and when you use the app.
We use it to do things like:
create your account and provide the products / services;
check you don’t already have an account;
check the document you add is genuine and the photo matches your account set-up photo;
check you’re a real live person;
verify details;
check for fraud;
create your dPass Showable ID card;
authenticate you when you make certain requests, such as to delete your account.
The information we collect and use for the creation of your app account
Information
Use
Your
telephone
number
To create your account in the app.
To check you do not already have an app account – users are allowed to have one Yoti app account and one Post Office EasyID app account, but not more than one of each.
We encrypt your mobile number (which means we can’t access it) and keep it until you or we close the account and delete the information.
Your photo
To have a photo on your account that you can then share.
After
signing up
you are able to take an account photo, which you can then share as part of proving your identity. We also ask you to take a photo when you take certain actions in the app, so we can be sure it’s you.
Third party companies
may also request this as an extra security step. See the section below for more information.
Yoti securely stores the photos.
We keep this information until you or we close the account and delete the information.
See the section on
biometrics
for more information on the photo and
our
research work.
Checking you are a real person and fraud prevention
The reason why we ask you to do a face scan or video is to check that you are a real person.
Information
Use
Your
biometric
template
Face scan or video to prove you are a real person
Why we take the image of your face
When you set up your app account we have a security measure to make sure you are a real person, and to make sure no-one is pretending to be you (such as by holding up a photo). This security measure is done in two different ways and the security measure we use will depend on whether your phone make and model is compatible with our technology being used, or whether there are any technical errors that prevent one technology from working.
How the image is taken
One method involves you moving the phone towards your face.
The other method involves taking a short video of you saying some words.
Storage and Retention
Once our Security Centre checks this video, it is deleted after
28 days.
After 28 days the images are removed from the security centre system, but they are stored as attributes in the user account and are no longer accessible to Yoti as they are encrypted with the user key.
During the test to prove you are a real person, we will securely store a ‘base image’ of your face which is stored against your account so that our technology can create a ‘biometric template’ (see “key definitions” section).
Whenever you take certain actions in the future and we need to check if it’s really you, we ask you to repeat the video or complete a face scan, and compare the image to the biometric template.
Each time you perform these actions we securely store an image of your face so that our technology can build confidence in what you look like over time and keep your account secure.
Security measures
In order to check that new users do not already have an account
we perform a uniqueness test on them. We do this by doing an automated face match against a secure database of images. If there is a match we do not automatically block the user, but instead a manual review of the selfie is conducted by our security centre to determine if the user already has an account with us. The database of images is kept encrypted which is locked using a server key (a secret key that is only known to our servers, meaning Yoti staff do not have access to this database).
Extra security measures
When you add a document, reset your PIN or need to recover your account (such as if you lose your phone), we take the scan of your face and video as an extra security step to verify that it is always you trying to take those actions. We automatically compare the face scan to the one you did when you set up your account. If we ask you to say some words, our Security Centre also reviews the video.
We also ask you to take this extra security step the first time that you use quick scan, or swap and send your details, if you have not already been through it.
If you want to delete your account we ask you to take a photo, this is as an extra security measure so that we can compare this to the face scan you did when you set up your account. This is to
make sure that you are the real owner of the account and it is you that is trying to delete the account.
The scans and video helps us to make sure you are a real live person, and prevents someone else who has access to your phone from using your account. We delete the video after 28 days.
Internal use
We may use some videos within the 28-day window for internal testing to improve our security checks.
We use some sections of the video for internal research and development to improve our fraud prevention measures.
See the section on
biometrics
for more information on the face scan / biometric template and research work.
Device model, sound and language
Where we ask you to say some words, we collect the following data to help you record a better video:
Sound levels:
so we can help you to redo the video if the sound isn’t high enough.
Device model:
so we can set the minimum sound level required for your device.
Device language:
so we can work out if the issues with the selfie video are due to a non-supported language.
How long is your image and biometric template kept for?
The photos you take and your biometric template:
we keep this information until you or we close the account and delete the information.
Adding information to your app
If you choose
to
, you can add different types of documents and information to your app account. We check these documents for security and compliance reasons.
Information
Use
Information from Government-issued or other official identity documents (for example, passport, driving licence)
Why we collect your ID
The main use of your ID document information is to add the details to your app account, so they are available for you to prove your ID and age when needed.
Your photograph and DOB
We use the photo and your date of birth (which we hash) to check if your identity already exists. Users can only have one Yoti account and one EasyID account. (Hashing means turning the actual information into a string of numbers and letters to hide the real data. For example: 85da15a402360fe8ad2e80d958ded300ac9ffb955e3d7cff89007bb340e2b8d5)
Checking your document
We use the information to verify your identity and check the document is valid. You will not be able to add an expired passport or driving licence.
If your document has a date of birth we check this to make sure that it matches what you told us when you were asked about your age as part of setting up your account. If you are below a certain age in some countries you need parental consent to use the app. We don’t currently have a parental consent mechanism in place.
Checking your image
We check the document photo against the photo you took to set up the account, to check it’s your document. I
t may be sent to our Security Centre for a manual check.
If your passport has a chip in it, and your phone has NFC, our technology is able to read the information on your passport chip directly. This is optional for you to do.
NFC stands for Near Field Communication. It allows your phone to interact remotely with something else that is very close by. It is the same technology behind payment cards and paying for items using your phone. Using this method allows us to check your passport has not been tampered with and provides a better quality photo for our security checks. This is optional for you to do.
Different types of ID
CitizenCard
A citizen card is an official UK proof of ID and  proof of age card.
If you upload a CitizenCard, we will verify your name, date of birth and CitizenCard number against the CitizenCard database. When they confirm your details to us they also
send us the photo and gender they have for you. We check the photo against the face scan we took when you set up your account to make sure it’s really you. We add your gender as an attribute.
US driving licence and state ID
For these documents we check against the AAMVA database (American Association of Motor Vehicle Administrators). We verify name, document number, issuing authority (State), gender, address, date of birth, expiry date and issue date. AAMVA sends back yes / no for each field. We then consolidate this into one or two overall yes/no answers (one general match decision, and one address match decision). Not all US States provide data to AAMVA and some that do restrict who can receive it, so we may not get a result for you. AAMVA information on participating States is here:
https://www.aamva.org/DLDV/
(participants tab).
Australian driving licence and passport
For these documents, we check with the document issuer. This check matches key details on Australian-issued documents: we verify names, document number, issuing country and state, gender, and date of birth.
Fraud checks
We check your document information against our Internal Fraud Database (see below) and information from the
Metropolitan Police Service Amberhill Identity Team in relation to false identity documents / information.
We may also check your information against the Cifas fraud prevention database. The results of these checks could lead to you not being able to upload your document. In cases of serious document or identity fraud we may have to prevent you from setting up an app account.
We keep fraud information either in line with our internal fraud and misuse policy or the retention rules set by relevant fraud prevention bodies. If we file a fraud report with Cifas, they will keep your information for up to six years. See the section on information sharing for more information.
Internal Yoti uses
While we verify your identity we keep the information securely but our Security Centre can access it, and may do so for training, compliance and quality assurance purposes. We can only access this information up to 28 days after verification.
After 28 days those images are removed from the security centre system, but they are stored as attributes in the user account and no longer accessible to Yoti as they are encrypted with the user key.
Internal Fraud Database
If we suspect fraud we will use your document information (along with your selfie, email address and phone number) to investigate the suspected fraud. If after investigation no fraud is detected, all data associated with the suspected fraud will be deleted.
When we identify fraudulent or tampered with documents or other evidence of fraud such as impersonation, we will keep a copy of the associated data in our Internal Fraud database for 7 years and use it to screen against incoming documents and selfies to detect repeat instances of fraud. If you wish to dispute a fraud record about you in the Internal Fraud Database you should email help@yoti.com. We will also use some of these documents as examples for internal staff training to better detect fraud.
Technical issues
When you upload a passport using its chip (as described above), but the upload fails, our technical support team are able to access the information for up to seven days to analyse why it failed and to create a fix to prevent future failures. The data is encrypted and can only be accessed on a secure server through a VPN. Very often, an upload fails because the country that issued the passport has configured the chip details slightly differently.
Research and Development
We also use some information from ID documents for research and development purposes. Please see the
Biometrics
section, and the ‘Internal research and development’ heading for more information.
Statistics
We create general statistics and reports from some of this information to help us understand how people are using our app, and to allow us to improve the service. This information does not identify any specific user. See the sections on analytics for more information.
After you successfully add a document
We then add the details to your app account and keep this information encrypted on our servers (which means we can’t access it) until you or we close the account and delete the data. Your details include an image of your document, which you can share where a company requires it, such as for KYC or anti-money laundering checks.
Adding multiple documents
You can only have one document of each type at any one time. So if you add a passport and then want to add a second passport, the details from the second one will be listed in your account and available to share. The details from the first one will still be there but you will not be able to share them.
Information you add manually (for example, address, e-mail)
Email Verification
If you add an email address we will verify it by sending you a code.
If you add an address you can choose to verify it with a third party. If you don’t verify it, or the check fails, your address will be marked as ‘unverified’. You can still share it, but some third party companies may only be able to accept verified addresses. In these cases we will ask you to verify your address so you can share it.
Address verification (Third-party checks):
In the UK this check is done by TransUnion or Experian. This will leave a footprint on your credit file, but only as a ‘soft’ identity search, which does not affect your credit score. For other countries this is ‘Aristotle Integrity’ service.
We keep the information until you or we close the account and delete the information.
Age estimation
How Age Estimation works
You can use our age estimation technology to estimate your age. That way, you can prove your age without the need to add an ID document to your app account.
The technology instantly estimates whether you’re above a certain age threshold, such as 18+. It doesn’t estimate your actual age. It works by using the digital map of your face we captured when you created your app account. When you choose to use this feature in the app we send a copy of the digital map of your face from your app account to our servers. After the age estimation we permanently delete the image. Your original digital map is stored securely.
We add your estimated age to your app account so you can use it to prove your age. Some businesses will accept an estimated age as proof of age to access age-restricted goods and services.
You can remove your estimated age from your app account at any time by replacing it with your date of birth from an ID document.
When you look older than a certain age threshold, the age-estimation technology can confidently estimate that you’re above that age once it takes estimation errors into account. If you get an error message it might be that you look too young for the technology to confidently estimate that you’re over 18, which is our minimum estimated age threshold.
You can read more about our age-estimation technology here:
https://www.yoti.com/resources/yoti-age-white-paper/
Aadhaar
Scanning your Aadhaar card
You can add Aadhaar information by scanning the QR code on your Aadhaar card.
This includes your full Aadhaar number but only so we can check the format is valid. We then obscure all but the last four digits.
You can manually add your full date of birth if your Aadhaar card only contains your year of birth.
We do not carry out any checks on your information and while the third party companies receiving details from you will know they came from your Aadhaar card, the details will not be verified.
Uploading your Aadhaar file
Once you have downloaded your Aadhaar file from the UIDAI website you can upload it to the app. You have to upload the whole file as UIDAI don’t provide the option to select details to share. We only convert your name, address, date of birth and gender to attributes you can share. We will also need your share code to open the file and upload your details.
When we ask you for access to your files this is only so we can alert you when the download is complete and to upload your details.
For security we check:
the photo on your Aadhaar file against the one in your app account;
your mobile number against the one on your Aadhaar file; and
your mobile number and the last four digits of your Aadhaar number, to make sure you haven’t already uploaded this.
We don’t see your email or full Aadhaar number. The file only contains the last four digits of your Aadhaar number. The only information we store are the attributes and phone number.
The phone number in your Aadhaar file is hashed, which is a security measure to protect the actual data so it appears as a string of numbers and letters. When you provide your full number as part of uploading the file we can carry out the same hash technique and check the results match. We do not keep the hashed version. We keep the full number you provide as so we can make sure you can only upload your details to one app account.
If you replace verified Aadhaar details with unverified ones, you will archive the verified details and could lose some of them.
Updating your information
When you add an updated ID document (such as when you renew your passport) the details from the new document will be in your account. We will archive the old document details.
Updating your address
If you update your address by manually adding a new address, we will archive the old one.
If you update your address by adding a document that includes it, all the other details from that document will also appear in your account. We will archive the details you previously had, except for ones that do not also appear in the new document you add.
Updating your telephone number
If you update your mobile number, the new number will replace the old one. You will be sent a code to verify the new number.
Age attribute (for example, 23 or 18+)
We are able to convert your date of birth into an age attribute so that in some circumstances you won’t need to share your date of birth to prove your age or eligibility for a product or service.
Digital ID card
When you add an ID document we turn the name and photo into a digital ID card that you can show on your phone.
To quickly and easily share your verified name and photo with another person or third party company, you can choose to let another app user scan the QR code on your card. This has the added benefit of confirming to the recipient that your ID card is a genuine ID.
EU Vaccine Certificate Credentials
When you add your vaccine certificate credentials using your Yoti app, we take your name and DOB provided to us from your ID document when added to your app and check this against the vaccination certificate. We also cryptographically check the validity of the certificate by searching the public list of cryptographic keys to ensure that the certificate you supplied is valid.
Once we have your credentials Yoti merely stores your vaccination record but
does not interpret this data
and nor does Yoti issue public health conclusions.
Yoti does not transfer or share this information with any third party. As a user you can use your Yoti to share or show your credentials from your vaccine certificate.
Adding information from third parties
In the app you can store information from third parties and share your information with other third parties. For example this could be other apps, software and partner companies. This means anyone who is not you or us and this could be another person or an organisation.
You must be aware that the third party companies you choose to share information with may be located overseas.
You can store information from third parties in your app account. For example, information from your employer, from a third party company you volunteer with, loyalty card information, or medical certificates. This can allow you to have trusted and verified digital credentials in your account, and allows you to use your phone as a digital ID card.
When you choose to share with third parties
Yoti partners with trusted third party companies for this, and they will provide you with information on how they want to use your app account for digital ID or credentials.
In some cases the third party company will need to provide Yoti with a list of authorised individuals who can get the ID or credential information on their phone. In some cases the third party company may provide Yoti with an API to check data on their own systems. In some cases the technical setup may allow the data or credential to be automatically sent to your
app account
following an action.
You must be aware that the third party companies you choose to share your information with may be located overseas.
The app will provide instructions and contain relevant information for the different scenarios.
Here are some examples:
A third party company uses the app to provide a digital ID card the person can show on their phone
When you go through the sign up process and enter details such as your e-mail address, mobile phone number, or other information as needed (such as an employee number or other identifier), we will check this against the list provided by the third party company. If the details match, we can issue the information or credentials to your app account.
You will then have these available as an ID card you can show. When you show your ID card, it also contains a QR code that a third party company can scan to check the ID is valid and receive the ID details.
The third party company can update and delete the list at any time, such as if details change or they need to revoke a credential. Yoti does not do anything else with the information provided. We store it securely.
A third party company offers the app as a way to receive a medical test result
If you choose to use the app for this purpose the third party company will present you with a QR code so you can share some identity details for the test, and they can link your details to the specific test you take. Your result is sent straight to your app and you will get a notification when it is ready.
The result will be securely stored on your app where only you can access it. When you need to prove your test result, you can display it in person or share it remotely with a business that requests it.
You can view this information in the app at any time and it is included if you use the ‘download my data’ function.
Resolving document issues
You can only have one Yoti app account and one EasyID account, and so you can only add your ID document once to each account. If you try to add a document that you have already added to another account you will see a message about releasing your document. This means deleting the current record of the document in our system and
blocking your old account. Once done, you will be able to add the document to the app account that you were trying to add it to.
For security, we will need to verify that you own the document and the old account, so we ask you to take a photo and compare it to the biometric template of your face set up when you created your account. (
See
the section on ‘Checking you are a real person and fraud prevention’ for more information
.)
In the app when you tap to release your document, we will start the process of blocking your old account. We cannot reverse this. If you still have access to your old account you may want to save any data from it, as you won’t be able to access it once it’s blocked.
To learn more about saving data, see our FAQ here (in English only):
Yoti:
https://yoti.force.com/yotisupport/s/individualarticlecategories
EasyID:
https://idsupport.postoffice.co.uk/s/
Once blocked, other people will no longer be able to swap or share details with your blocked account.
As we have designed our system to have no access to user data, when we release your document and block your old account we can’t delete the data from your old account. When you add a document we create a one-way hash of it, which is a security technique to protect the actual data so it appears as a string of numbers and letters. When you try to add the same document again we can carry out the same hash technique and see if that document already exists in our system. If it does, to release it, we delete the hash, so that when you try to add it again, our system doesn’t flag that it already exists. This means the data from your old account cannot be accessed or used by anyone in any way. Data in our system that has had no activity on it for three years is deleted.
Managing your account settings
In the app you can manage your account settings and notifications by following Yoti app > More > Account settings
Recovering your account
If you want to be able to recover access to your account, for example if you lose your phone or reinstall the app, you will need to set this up by allowing us to store an access key in iCloud or Google Drive. The app will ask you for permission to access your iCloud or Google Drive, but this is only so we can store the key there that we will need for you to recover access to your account.
We do not access anything else stored there and you can turn off the sharing permission once the setup is complete. When you want to recover your account, if we don’t have the access permission, we will ask for it again so we can retrieve the key to restore your access.
The information we need to recover an account:
Information
Use
The access key from iCloud or Google Drive
We retrieve this to restore access to your account.
Face scan and video
To verify your identity and check you are the true holder of the Yoti account and grant you access to it again or to allow you to reset your PIN. See the section on ‘Checking you are a real person and fraud prevention’ for more information.
If you forget your PIN we will ask you for your mobile number and date of birth (if you have added a document).
While we verify your identity we keep the information securely but if we need our Security Centre to review the video, they and the Customer Support Team can access it. We can only access this information for up to seven days after verification.
Deleting your account
You can delete your account by following Yoti app > More > Account settings > Account management. Please note you must delete your account before you delete the app in order to permanently remove your data.
You can delete your account from the app settings by following
Yoti app > More > Settings > Account settings.
It is important to note that if you delete the app before deleting your account, you don’t delete your data, you just lose the connection to your data, and it remains ‘orphaned’ in our system.
This means the data is kept in encrypted format, but cannot be accessed or used by anyone in any way, including by us.
We delete orphaned data after three years.
Using your app
This section explains what we do with your information when using the app
Information
Use
App login details
To log you in to your app.
Information about issues and problems you have with the app
If the app crashes, or you have some other issue, you can contact us about it by email, from within the app or through the website.
If you click on a ‘contact us’ or ‘help’ button in the app, the email you send is prefilled with some diagnostic information: platform (iOS / Android); device model (such as, Samsung Galaxy S7); device OS version (such as, iOS 10); the app version and what country you are in (based on your mobile country code). You can delete this before you submit your email. This information helps us identify what went wrong.
The information you send comes to us by email and, if you have an email address on your app account, you will receive an acknowledgement email with a ticket number for your issue.
Once we have resolved your issue and / or closed the ticket, we will send you an email asking for feedback. We only use this information to improve our services. We delete the support tickets after six months.
We will retain anonymous data associated with your query for analytics and to improve our customer support services.
When you have a problem with the app we use a Request ID to help us find the server logs for your phone so that we can identify and fix the issue.
The server log is an automatically generated list of things that happen when you take actions. For example it records that a call was made to a particular server and how long the server took to respond. It also records successful and unsuccessful actions like login, adding a document and so on, and the reasons why an action failed. Understanding what happened in what order and where failures happened helps us determine what went wrong and how to fix it.
On the back end, the app associates your server log information with a Request ID (for example, 3bbf6e6fe414b40bf9fed99c8d36bd2c).
When you contact us through the app, the message automatically includes the Request ID and the last 20-40 actions. When you email us from help screens we ask you if you want to include the server log information.
We also use Crashlytics which sends us information automatically when the app crashes or has other issues. Crashlytics create a unique user ID that they attach to the crash reports. The report tells us the device make and model, operating system, the disk space and memory space left, whether the screen was portrait or landscape
,
the country code from your mobile number
and whether the device is rooted. This information helps us understand what issues there are and whether they are device specific or as a result of the device setup. We do not see or have access to the unique ID. We have no way to identify any specific user. Crashlytics delete all the data after 90 days.
Anonymous information that does not identify any specific user about what types of information you have shared with third parties
This information allows us to charge
third party companies for the information they get from you when you have shared this yourself using the app.
For example, we may charge
a third party company
more for receiving five pieces of information from you using the app, than we would charge
a third party company
who only received three.
Certain device or user information (such as location, photo)
Some uses of the app require us to carry out authentication or fraud prevention checks to make sure that it is really you.
Rate the app
When you complete certain actions in the app we may prompt you to rate the app. Any rating you give is anonymous. We may also prompt you to rate us in the app store.
For negative ratings we will ask you if you want to send us comments or feedback. If you choose to do so, this will open a feedback form so you can send us an email.
Push notifications
After you add a document to your app account you can choose to allow push notifications. We have three types of push notifications which you can turn on or off in our app settings.
Account
update notifications
: to notify you when your video, document or details have been reviewed. These notifications are automatically generated when the action is complete.
Details shared
notification
: to notify you when you successfully share your details. These notifications are
automatically generated when the action is complete.
Reminders
: to notify you when you have an action to finish. The notifications you get will depend on what actions you have started and completed. Please also see the ‘Analytics’ section for more information.
4.
Our reasons for using your information
Under data protection laws we need to have a reason or lawful basis for using your personal data. These lawful bases are as follows:
Performance of a contract
Consent and explicit consent
Legitimate interest
Legal obligation
Public interest
Vital interest
Yoti uses a number of different lawful bases. In this section we explain which lawful bases we rely on for different uses of your personal data.
We use your information for a contract we have with you
We use this lawful basis for
Creation of your app account and general use of the app in accordance with the app terms you agreed to
Use of all app features such as age estimation
Restoring access to your account
Responding to support requests from you
When you choose to use the app to share your data with a third party
We use your information with your consent
We ask for your consent for
Using your face scan / biometric template for setting up your app account and when adding an ID document
Security measures e.g. verifying who you are when you take certain actions such as sharing your data with a third party or recovering your account
You can withdraw your consent at any time but as biometrics are a key part of making sure we keep out fake identities and documents, the app just doesn’t work without them, This means that if you withdraw your consent you can no longer use the app as we do not have a non-biometric version.
We use your information for a legitimate interest
We use this lawful basis for
Preventing fraud in the app
Internal Yoti uses of ID document data such as training, compliance and quality assurance to improve the app – note this use is limited to 28 days
Internal research and development by our R&D team and improving security and performance of Yoti products – see Section 7 for more information including how you can opt-out at any time
Yoti’s Internal Fraud Database
App rating information
Crash logs and information to help diagnose and fix bugs in the app
Sharing of data to third parties, for example in the case of fraud we share data with law enforcement and fraud prevention agencies
We only rely on legitimate interest when we are using your data in a way that you might expect, where it is in our interest and where this use doesn’t ourweigh your right to privacy.
5.
Information sharing
You are able to share your information with third parties using the app. For example, you may want to send your information electronically to another organisation or individual using the app.
You must be aware that the third party companies you choose to share information with may be located overseas.
Yoti can also share your information where we suspect or find fraudulent activity. Yoti will never sell your information.
You choose if you want to use the app to share your information with other individuals or with companies. You will get a receipt of any sharing you do. You must be aware that the third party companies you choose to share information with may be located overseas.
Where we have access to your information, we may share it in specific circumstances, such as:
suspected or confirmed identity fraud or other offences;
valid and legally binding requests for information from third parties;
to verify your details;
where a company you are sharing details with requests further checks with third parties that we are able to provide.
We do not sell your information.
Information checks and compliance
While we verify your account, for a short period of time after you sign up or add information, your account will be pending and Yoti will be able to access your personal information. Usually this is only for 28 days, but we may need to continue to store it and access it where we suspect or find fraud or other unlawful activity. See the section on the Internal Fraud Database above for more information.
When Yoti shares your personal information
Only you can choose when to share your information, and with whom.
There are some situations where we will share or will have to share some information, and we list these below. Yoti’s core principles are that it is not our business model to sell, transfer or share outside the company any of the personal information used to set up your account or your user activity information.
Situation
Who we share your data with
If we suspect a sign up may involve identity fraud, a national security threat, legal infringement, or a criminal offence
We may
have to share a copy of your information with the appropriate authorities.
If you provide false or inaccurate information or present a false document
We may pass a copy of your information or an image of the false document to the relevant fraud prevention agencies, law enforcement agencies or the
third party company
who issues the genuine version of the false document.
If, after investigation, we determine that there has been fraud that meets the criteria for reporting to Cifas, we will pass on the details to prevent further fraud and money laundering.
Cifas keeps fraud reports for six years. Other Cifas members may use the information we report to refuse to provide you with services, financing or employment. You can find the Cifas privacy information here:
https://www.cifas.org.uk/fpn
.
We also work with the Metropolitan Police Service Amberhill Identity Team in relation to false identity documents / information.
If we get a request for user information from a law enforcement or other official authority
We have an internal policy and process to make sure that, where we are able to share information, the request is valid, the information requested is no more than necessary, and that we think it’s the right thing to do.
In may have a legal obligation to share the information if we receive a court or similar legal order ordering us to disclose it.
We cannot provide your information that is encrypted in our database unless either you, or a third party you shared your information with, provides us the receipt from your sharing activity, as this contains the decryption key necessary to access the personal information you shared with that third party.
If you have provided your address
We will check this information against a third party as part of verifying your identity.
Please see the section on ‘Adding information to your app’ for details of the third-party checks we carry out.
Some companies using the app will request an identity check against credit reference agency or other fraud prevention data
In these circumstances Yoti simply sends the relevant details to the credit reference agency or fraud prevention database on behalf of the company, and
includes
the
outcome as part of our
response back to the company.
When you share your personal information
The Yoti app allows you to share information with another organisation.
The Yoti app is your secure digital ID. It’s a safe place to store your personal details, encrypted so only you can access them. When you need to prove your age, identity or other details about yourself, you can securely share just the details required without revealing everything about yourself.
You alone will decide when you want to use your app to identify yourself to a third party, or to swap, send and request information. You choose whether to agree or not to share the information the third party requests. If you decide to share your information with a third party, you will both receive a receipt which will contain a copy of the information that each party shared.
Yoti encourages companies to only ask for the information they actually need, for example, your age, or confirming you are over 18, rather than a full date of birth. If you choose to share your information with a third party using the app, those third parties may choose to use that information to communicate with you or they may share that information with others. We suggest you read the privacy notic
es of any
third party company you share your information with to understand how they will use your personal information.  You must be aware that the third party companies you choose to share information with may be located overseas.
Share receipts
The app creates and encrypts a master receipt which contains the details of what information was shared and who with. This master receipt is securely stored on our servers and we cannot access it unless either you or the third party provides us with their own receipt containing the encryption key we need to access the information.
You can access your sharing receipts in the app, and also by logging into Hub:
https://hub.yoti.com
Please see the Hub product section for relevant privacy information.
Third party companies using the app can request the source of the information they request from you, such as ‘passport’, ‘driving licence’ or ‘unverified’. This is because some third party companies carrying out some types of identity checks are required to evidence where they got the details from.
Remember Me IDs
When you allow a share with a third party company, the app generates two unique Remember Me IDs. One is for the specific service you are using, and one is for the third party company that owns that service. It means you don’t have to share your personal details every time, as the third party company or service can just ask for your Remember Me ID instead. The service and any other services owned by the same third party company will already have your personal details if you have shared them using the app in the past.
For example, if you use the app to prove your identity with service 1 offered by Company ABC, that share will contain one ID for service 1 and a different ID for Company ABC. If you then use the app to prove your
identity with service 2 offered by Company ABC, that share will contain the same Company ABC ID and a different ID for service 2. Yoti has no access to these IDs.
The service or third party company can choose to store these IDs along with the personal information they request from you. If they store it, they can use this ID to recognise your app when you share with them again, so you can use different services or features without having to keep sharing the same information for each interaction.
For example, if you sign up with a site using the app, the website can use the ID to allow you to log in to the site, prove your age, carry out ‘know your customer’ due diligence and so on. It does all this by only asking for any required additional details, rather than asking you for all your details again. This approach is in line with Yoti’s data minimisation approach, meaning you should only share the details relevant to what you are doing.
If a third party company or service you are sharing information with uses the ID and you do not want them to do this, you should contact them to delete your account with them. The IDs are unique to your app account, so if you delete your app account you will lose your IDs. If you then set up a new app account you will have new IDs which will not be recognised by any third party company or service you previously used with your old app account.
If you allow a share with another individual there will only be one Remember Me ID.
Always allow
We provide a feature to some companies, for some scenarios, where you can choose to automatically share the same information each time you interact with them. Usually, you scan a QR code to see what information the company is asking for, and you are asked whether you want to allow the sharing of your information. With ‘Always allow’ you can cut out the approval step. This may be useful to save time for some transactions you carry out often, where the same information is requested from you each time.
6.
Security and data location
We store your information securely in our UK data centres. At account registration our Indian Security Centre has access to your data to perform anti-fraud checks. If you approve a share with a third party they could be based outside of the UK. For example, where you would like to share your ID to prove your age with a company based in Spain, your data would be sent electronically from our data centre to the receiving organisations data centre based in Europe.
The information you provide is stored separately and encrypted in secure locations. Once your account is set up, we have no access to your information. Only you have access to use the app to share your information as you choose.
We continually test our systems
to ensure that we are compliant and to ensure that we follow top industry standards for information security. Several times a year external audits are carried out on us to check that our security arrangements are compliant. These auditors follow internationally recognised standards for best practice in security, these are known as ISO  27001 and SOC2.
Your encrypted information
Except for the biometric template and photos, as mentioned in the ‘Information collection and use’ section, we do not have access to your personal information that we have verified and stored on our servers. The only way we can access the information is if you provide us with the encryption key (which is a set of unique numbers stored securely on your device). Only you hold the keys to decrypt your account information.
Sending your personal information to other countries
We keep all the personal information you add to your app account in the UK in highly secure datacentres. All the information is held separately and encrypted.
We have a Security Centre in India who carry out the same fraud prevention checks when you set up your app account as our UK Security Centre. The personal information is not stored outside of the UK, the data is actually stored in our UK based data centre. However the India Security Centre have secure remote access to carry out their role and therefore your data may be viewed by our staff in India. We have EU-approved model contract clauses in place between Yoti UK and Yoti India.
If we decide or are obliged to send or store your personal information in another country, we will update this section to describe the protections we have put in place.
7.
Biometrics
Biometrics are the study of people’s unique physical and behavioural characteristics, which aim to identify or recognise people based on traits they have. For example, when you unlock your phone using your face, this is using your biometrics.
At Yoti we use elements of your face without identifying you. We ask for your consent to capture your biometrics, however we do not always use this data to identify or authenticate you.
To opt out of Biometrics being used for research and development you can go to
the app > More > My data & permissions > Biometric consent
.
Biometrics are your unique features, such as your face. We use biometrics in our app to help prevent fraud and to make sure it’s actually you using the app. The app is a biometric identity app, so you can’t use the app without this extra security.
We also use some of your data in our internal research and development (research and development). For some projects this could include data that is considered your biometrics. You can opt out of this in the app settings
the app > More > My data & permissions > Biometric consent
.
When you set up an app account we ask you to consent to our use of your biometrics. You can withdraw this consent at any time in the app settings. You can opt out of research and development data use, which will allow you to continue to use the app.
What are biometrics?
Please refer to our definition on
biometrics
if you would like a high level definition of what they are.
Legally, biometrics is defined differently in different laws, but the common factor is that you are identified or authenticated through your unique physical characteristics or behaviour. Not all of the app uses
this data to identify or authenticate you. However, to make things easier to understand, we have called all the physical characteristics and behaviour data
in our privacy notice ‘biometrics’.
Why does the app use biometrics
The app is a biometric identity app. It works by allowing you to set up a trusted, genuine and verified digital identity. The biometrics are a key part of making sure we keep out fake identities and documents. The biometrics also make sure that it really is you taking actions in the app.
Essentially, our use of biometrics to identify or authenticate you is to prevent fraudulent use of the app and protect your data.
We also use some user data for internal research and development, which is explained under the ‘Internal research and development’ heading.
What biometrics does the app use and why
Face
When you set up your account we take a scan of your face to create a biometric template of your face, which we store securely. A biometric template is a digital map of your face.
When you take certain actions in the app and we need to check if it’s really you we will ask you to take a photo or take another video and compare it against the template to check it matches. We also check that the image is of a real person. These checks make sure that only you can take these actions. We usually ask for these checks when you want to take an action that would have a negative impact on you if it wasn’t really you. For example, changing your PIN or deleting your account.
You can also add an ID document to the app so that you can share verified identity details like your name, address and date of birth. When you add a document we compare its photo with the biometric template to make sure users only upload their own documents, and we check the image is of a real person.
Checking you’re a real person
When you set up your account, add an ID document or take other actions in the app that need extra security, we need to make sure that it’s really you and not someone pretending to be you. We use different technologies for these checks. Some ask you to take an action, such as moving the phone towards your face or recording a short video of yourself saying a few words. Some happen in the background automatically. We use the information from these checks to make sure you are a real
person. We can’t give you any more details about how this works, as we don’t want people to be able to get round our checks.
Different ways we use biometrics:
Some data might involve your face or elements of your face, but without identifying you. For example, we have developed technology to check if a face presented to the app is real, or if it is someone wearing a mask. This activity doesn’t identify you in any way, it checks the image is genuine.
Each time you need to prove that you are really you, your live face scan (see “key definitions” section) is compared against a biometric template associated with your account to see if it matches.
A biometric template is a snapshot of your physical or behavioural attributes. This image then becomes a master profile-and it is from this, that the unique features of your physical or behavioural attributes are extracted, and then converted into a mathematical file. This file can be anything from a binary mathematical file to a statistical model. It is these mathematical files which become known as the Biometric Templates-not the images which were extracted and created.
For example, many smartphones allow access using a fingerprint or your face, instead of a PIN. To use your fingerprint or face you first need to provide it to your phone so it can create a template. Then every time you use your fingerprint or face to access the phone it compares it to the template and only lets you in when the fingerprints or face match. This prevents someone else from accessing your phone.
Apps like the Yoti and EasyID app can use the phone’s fingerprint or face technology so you can also log in to our app using your fingerprint or face instead of your PIN. We don’t collect or store your fingerprint or face to do this.
Why do biometrics provide more security
Instead of having to remember PIN numbers, or usernames and passwords (which may be guessed or hacked), biometrics uses something unique to you that only you have, like your face or fingerprint. Many companies, such as banks, are using biometrics like voice recognition to make sure only you can access your account.
Internal research and development
In order to develop our technology we may use your image for internal research and development. Our internal research and development team will only use your image, your month and year of birth, your gender but they have no other information about you, for example they cant see how you’ve used the app or who you have shared your identity with.
For anti-fraud purposes we may use your document image for internal research and development.
The information used for research and development  purposes is kept on a separate research and development server, with strict access controls, for as long as it is relevant to the specific project.
You can opt out of having your data used for research and development  purposes by going to the Yoti app > More > My data & permissions > Biometric consent.
As well as preventing fraud in your everyday use of the app, we need to make sure our security checks continue to work and that we constantly improve them so we stay ahead of fraudsters and others who might try to provide fake identities or might try to get into your account.
We have an internal research and development team who are constantly testing new ways to prevent fraud, and to do their job they need real data from real people.
When you set up your app account and add an ID document we collect certain data for research and development purposes. We can’t provide too much detail of exactly what we collect and exactly how research and development use different data, as we don’t want people to be able to get round our security and fraud checks. However, all the research and development team have are things like the country code of your mobile number (example: +44 = UK), photos, some information from your ID document such as document type and country of issue, or sections of the video or phone movement measurements. The country information helps us for things like selecting relevant and representative data and understanding anomalies, issues and inconsistencies in results.
To test and develop our liveness technology this we analyse selfies you take in the app, such as when you take a new account photo and when you’re asked to take a photo for security purposes to verify it’s really you, and we take still images from the three word liveness videos you may do.
To test and improve our age-estimation technology the research and development team need images of faces and the verified age of that face. So they use photos you take in the app and still images from the video. For the verified age they use the month and year of birth from an ID document you add that contains this information. They also get gender if that is on the ID document as well as the document type and country of issue. This is used to prevent bias and improve the accuracy of our technology as set out below.
Our age-estimation technology is an app feature so you can have an estimated age to share with others, before you add or instead of adding an ID document (that has a verified date of birth on it). We also offer our age-estimation technology to some third party companies who need to check ages. For example, when buying age-restricted products or to view age-appropriate content online. We have published and regularly update a white paper on our age-estimation technology, available on
our website
.
We currently use third-party technology to do a face match between photos you take with the photo on your ID document to make sure you only upload your own documents. We are developing our own technology to do this face matching which we will also be able to offer to other third party companies. To develop, test and improve this technology research and development need both photos you take in the app and a cropped high-quality image from your ID document. They do not have any other information about you.
Tackling accuracy, bias and duplicate data
research and development follow accepted research good practice and tag some image data with information on gender or skin tone or other features. Having these tags makes sure our research data is balanced and representative. This is an important part of making sure our research results are free from bias and our technology works for everyone. It also means we can accurately report on how well it works for different groups of people. Having month and year of birth for age-estimation technology also improves accuracy compared to only having the year of birth.
One of the other challenges for research and development is duplicate information, for example, when users delete their accounts and set up another one. To detect and eliminate duplicate data research and development receive a hashed version of your mobile number. The hashing means the number is represented as a string of letters and numbers so research and development never see your actual number and have no way to find it out. This allows research and development to determine if this string of letters and numbers already exists in their database so they can detect and eliminate duplicate data.
Can your research and development team identify me?
The research and development team don’t have any other information about you.
They can’t see how you have used the app and who you have shared your identity with, which is stored separately and encrypted in our main database
.
We keep information used for research and development purposes on a separate research and development server, with strict access controls, for as long as it is relevant to the specific project.
What if I change my mind and don’t want you to use my biometrics any more?
We hope you understand why biometrics are an essential security part of our app, but if you change your mind you can withdraw your agreement at any time by deleting your account in the app settings. You can do this by going to the
app > More > Account Settings > Account management > Delete my account.
There isn’t a non-biometric version of the app, so without biometrics the app just doesn’t work.
You can opt out of having your data used for research and development purposes in the app settings by going to
the app > More > My data & permissions > Biometric consent
.
This will allow you to continue to use the app which will include the essential biometric security features. Opting out means that your data will no longer be sent to research and development and any data we already have that is available for research and development to use will be deleted. Please note that if your data has already been used to train or develop a model or machine learning algorithm, it is not possible to extract your data from that model.
8.
Your rights and choices
You have many rights given to you under data privacy law. These are rights such as, the right to find out what information we hold about you and the right to have access to this. You can exercise your data privacy rights by contacting our data protection officer directly by email
privacy@yoti.com
and using the contact us information below.
You can see all the information we hold on you in the app.
If you need to update information you can do so.
You can opt out of certain analytics in the app.
If you want to delete your information, you must use the ‘delete account’ option in the app. If you just delete the app then the link to your information is lost and it will remain in our system with no way to find it.
Please see below for information on which rights apply to the app personal information.
For the purposes of the California Consumer Protection Act, we do not sell your data.
Please send any rights requests to:
privacy@yoti.com
Access rights
You have the right to find out what information we hold about you and ask for copies of the information we hold about you.
You are entitled to know what personal information we hold about you and to receive a copy of it.
We do not have access to your personal information that we have verified and stored on our servers. The only way we can access the information is if you provide us with the encryption key (which is a set
of unique numbers stored securely on your device). Only you hold the keys to decrypt your account information.
You can access all the personal information in your account through your app. You can get a copy of this information by using the export data function in the app settings. You can also see your sharing receipts by logging into Hub. You can get a copy by taking a screenshot or by using your browser’s ‘Save as’ function, and third party companies
can download their copies of share receipts.
If you have contacted our Customer Support or had other contact with us leading to us holding information on you, you can make an access request to:
privacy@yoti.com
When you use your app, we collect some information about your phone and how you are using the app. This information is collected and stored automatically through in-house and third-party tools, as set out in the ‘Analytics’ section.
Adjust analytics
We get Advertising IDs from Adjust along with event information such as ‘installed app’, ‘completed sign up’ and so on. If you want to access this information about your device, you will need to provide us with the Advertising ID from your phone, as that is the only way we can search for the information.
In-house and Firebase analytics
The information we collect is de-identified and combined together (aggregated) and it is not possible to search or get the information using your name or your phone’s identifiers (for example, the IMEI number which is like a serial number for your phone). So we cannot provide you with this information as it is not linked to you specifically.
Correction rights
You have the right to ask us to make changes to your information if we have made a mistake.
You are entitled to correct personal information we hold about you that is inaccurate.
If you think that any of the information in your app account is not accurate, you can take steps to correct it. You can manually add an address, archive old addresses and change your email. You can also simply replace an outdated ID document. You can also delete your account and set up a new one. Yoti only has access to the information in your account for up to 28 days after it is first provided to Yoti.
If you change your name, you can currently only update your app account by adding a document with the new name.
If you have contacted our Customer Support or had other contact with us and want to make a correction request, please email:
privacy@yoti.com
Deletion rights
You have the right to ask us to delete your information.
In certain circumstances you are entitled to ask us to delete the personal information we hold about you.
Please see the ‘Updating your information’ section under the ‘Information collection and use: Adding information to your app’ heading for more information on archiving documents or replacing your details with new ones.
If you want to close your account and delete your information, you can do so from within the app. You may also find these FAQs helpful (in English only):
Yoti:
https://yoti.force.com/yotisupport/s/individualarticlecategories
EasyID:
https://yoti.force.com/easyidsupport
If you have any other deletion request, please email:
privacy@yoti.com
Objection rights
You have the right to change your mind about us holding your information.
In certain circumstances you are entitled to object to Yoti processing your personal information.
Based on how this right works, and the choices you have in the app settings (such as to withdraw consent to biometrics, delete data or the app, or to turn off analytics), there are unlikely to be any other circumstances when this right applies. If you want to contact us about your objection rights, please email:
privacy@yoti.com
Restriction rights
You have the right to ask us to stop using any of your personal information.
In certain circumstances you are entitled to ask us to restrict our processing of your personal information.
You can ask us to do this if:
you dispute the accuracy of your personal information;
our processing of your personal information is unlawful but you prefer restriction to deletion;
we no longer need the information but you need it for legal reasons; or
you have objected to our processing and we are still dealing with this objection.
If you want to contact us about your restriction rights, please email:
privacy@yoti.com
Portability rights
You have the right to request your information to be used for another purpose across different services.
In certain circumstances you are entitled to receive the personal information you have provided us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format.
This right is most likely to apply to information you have provided:
to set up and use your app;
so we can respond to you; or
so we can deliver the app features you want to use.
You can download the personal information you have added to your app account from the app settings.
If you have contacted our Customer Support or had other contact with us and want to make a portability request, please email:
privacy@yoti.com
Complain to the regulator
You can also complain to your
local privacy regulator
.
As a UK company, we are regulated by the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) who is responsible for making sure that companies comply with the law on handling personal information.
https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/
You can use this
form
to make a complaint about the handling of your personal information by an Australian Government agency or a private sector organisation.
9.
Analytics
Analytics are looking at trends and/or breaking down things into smaller parts to analyse them in detail and make conclusions about the data. Yoti looks at trends and patterns in the app to inform our business decisions. We collect information about your device and your use of the app using our in-house and third-party analytics.
The information
does not
directly identify you; we de – identify and aggregate the information to make sure that it does not. We also combine information so that no analytics report is ever about you. You can choose not to allow some types of analytics.
Understanding how people use our app is essential. We need to know what’s working, and what isn’t, so we can improve. As a business, we need to know how many people are using our app, where they are in the world, and which features are most popular.
We collect information about your device and your use of the app using in-house and third-party analytics. We de-identify the information we collect so we can’t identify you personally. We also combine information so that no analytics report is ever about an individual user. We don’t build individual profiles of the people who use our app. We simply look for trends and patterns to inform business decisions.
You can opt out of certain analytics in the
Yoti app > More > My data & permissions > Account settings > Analytics consent
. Some information is generated automatically when you use our products, and we can’t turn this off.
See the
Analytics section
in our
general privacy information
page
for information on what analytics are, why we use them, and your choices.
Adjust (Third-party)
Adjust is a third party company that we use for our app. We use Adjust performance and analysis technology in our app. This allows us to us to track and analyse which marketing channels or sources, and which adverts, are producing the best results in directing users to download the app, and to help us understand how our users are using our app. Adjust collects information on which ad you clicked on and on which site, and whether you installed the app. If you install the app, Adjust also collects information on when certain events happen (such as completing sign up, successfully adding an ID document, first use of Yoti Password Manager).
To provide this service, Adjust uses two identifiers which they anonymise using a technology called ‘hashing’. Hashing means turning the actual information into a string of numbers and letters to hide the real data. For example: 85da15a402360fe8ad2e80d958ded300ac9ffb955e3d7cff89007bb340e2b8d5).
How Adjust works
One identifier is the Advertising ID that Apple or Android gives your phone (depending on which operating system your phone uses). The second identifier is your IP address which is like an address for your phone from your mobile network provider, and which may change if you take your phone to a different location. Adjust hashes these identifiers. Adjust then provide us with a list of Advertising IDs and country location (based on IP address). We filter the Advertising IDs by things like country, iOS or Android users, or events such as ‘completed sign up’. We then pass relevant Advertising IDs to advertising partners to be able to show our adverts to the right people on their platforms. Once the advertising partner receives the IDs they hash them. The only information Yoti has is the Advertising ID from your device and the events associated with that ID.
We use Adjust with different advertising networks that allow us to show adverts on these networks. Adjust also pass back the Advertising ID to these networks so they can build ‘lookalike marketing models’. This activity is how companies make sure they target their adverts at the right types of users, and users see adverts that are most relevant to their interests. The advertising networks use the Advertising ID and any associated information they have to create groups of people who share similar characteristics. They use these groups to deliver targeted ads. They use the information they have about you to determine which groups you are in, and so which adverts you see.
Yoti uses advertising networks to make sure we only show our adverts to the people who are most likely to be interested in our products and services. The advertising networks also use the Advertising IDs as a suppression list, to make sure they don’t show the app adverts to people who have already installed the app. See the relevant section of Adjust’s privacy notice for more information:
https://www.adjust.com/terms/privacy-policy/
Opt out of Adjust analytics for all apps using their technology:
https://www.adjust.com/opt-out/
You can opt out of the app using Adjust analytics in the app settings.
In-house and Firebase analytics
Using our in-house software, and Firebase Performance Monitoring, we collect some information from users and some information on when certain things happen as you use the app. This information includes information about your phone, such as make and model, operating system, app version and screen size information. This information does not identify you personally.
We have two types of in-house analytics when you are using our products: information created when
you take actions on your device; and information created automatically by our internal systems when
things happen.
Examples of information created when you take actions on your device.
Clicking buttons or links
Adding documents (our analytics don’t collect any personal details from the document)
Errors
Completing steps, such as signing up
Examples of information created automatically by our internal systems when things happen.
App login completed / failed
Account deletion completed
Driving licence rejected / Passport accepted
Sharing request started / completed / failed
You can opt out (in the app settings) of Firebase and our own in-house analytics
on your device.
We cannot turn off the information that is created automatically, so you cannot opt out of this.
Our in-house analytics assigns a randomly generated identifier to each user, with a different identifier
for each product used. (Yoti Password Manager is a feature of the app not a separate product. The identifier for the app will be
different from the identifier for Yoti Sign, for example.) This means we cannot cross-reference the
identifiers to understand what different Yoti products you are using. We use an identifier so we can
understand things like whether a count of certain actions is one user repeating an action, or multiple
users each doing the same action. This helps us to understand things like where many users are
having problems.
Even with the identifier, we take steps to make sure that the information we collect is de-identified so
that it is not associated with an identifiable user. We do this by automatically deleting information,
such as information that relates to an individual, device IDs or detailed location information. We don’t
collect more information than we need. For example, we collect a country location from the device, so
we do not need to collect your IP address or other detailed location data to get this information.
The information from our in-house analytics and Firebase provides us with statistics on things like:
the number of people installing the app;
the number of accounts created successfully;
how long it takes on average to carry out certain actions in the app, such as taking a photo,
uploading a document;
how many addresses are uploaded from a document and how many are manually added;
the number of recovery files set up, account recoveries, and account deletions;
the percentage of people who stop using the app at certain key points, such as accepting the terms and conditions, taking a photo and so on;
the number of users per country, age band, and gender.
These statistics are crucial for us to understand how our app is performing, where things are failing,
and what kinds of users we have. This information helps us to understand where we need to focus our
business, marketing and product development efforts and what app improvements we need to make.
You can find more information about Firebase here:
https://support.google.com/firebase/answer/6318039
AB testing
We also use in-house analytics information to carry out AB testing. This is where some users may see slightly different information or screen layout. We do this to test planned improvements and see whether what we have planned makes a positive difference to the user experience. Sometimes we randomly show the different content to different users. Sometimes we use the analytics information about what actions users take in the app to only show alternative content to some users, such as those who have added a document.
If you have turned off analytics in the app settings, you may still see alternative content, but we will not be able to track how you interact with the content. We aggregate the tracking information to see which content is more successful.
Push notifications: reminders
We use analytics information to determine when to send reminder push notifications, what reminder to send, and which users we send it to. For example, if you have started to upload a document and not completed the action, we may send you a reminder to complete the document upload. If you turn off analytics in the app settings, then we will no longer receive updated information about your actions in the app. We won’t send reminders to users with analytics turned off to make sure they don’t get reminders that are not relevant to what they are doing in the app.
If you turn analytics back on we will check the status of your account and update it, so that you only get reminders that are relevant to actions you then take in the app. For example, if you turn off analytics and then add a document, we will not know that you have added a document so you would not get any document-related reminders. If after adding the document you turn the analytics back on, we will update your account status to show that there is a document. You would then get any reminders that are relevant to users who have added documents.
10.
Contact us
There are many different ways to contact Yoti if you wish to exercise your privacy rights or make a complaint, the main contact details are listed below. All complaints regarding your data privacy will be handled and responded to within one month.
Please also see the ‘Yoti websites and social media’ section for other ways to contact us and our information collection and use practices when you do so. You can also contact us from the Yoti app and there is more information on that in the ‘Yoti app’ privacy notice.
If you wish to
exercise
your right to complain to the regulator you will find their contact details in the section ‘complain to the regulator’ above in section 7.
Email:
privacy@yoti.com
;
hello@yoti.com
Website:
https://www.yoti.com/contact
FAQs:
support.yoti.com
Postal Address:
Data Privacy Team
Yoti Ltd
6th Floor, 107 Leadenhall St, London, EC3A 4AF
11.
Past versions
From January 2019, we changed how we present our privacy information to distinguish between general information and product-specific information. For a specific past version of this privacy notice, please send a request to
privacy@yoti.com
.
12. What’s new
We have input a link to the Yoti Biometrics Policy, which applies to certain App users in the US.
We have created a new Section 4 to cover our reasons / lawful bases for using your personal data.
We have made minor updates for the new dPass functionality, internal fraud checks, the Internal Fraud Database and use of anonymised customer support query data to improve customer support services.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.yoti.com/privacy/children-and-young-adults/:
Privacy Notice for Children and Young Adults
Hi, we’re Yoti. Thanks for visiting and reading our privacy notice designed for our younger users.
On this page, you can find a summary of the key information that you may like to know about  how we handle your data at Yoti. It explains the ways that we protect your data.
This is a summary of (and not a substitute for) our privacy policy. If you’d like to read our full privacy policy you can find it
here
.
1. What is a Privacy Policy?
A Privacy Policy tells you how a company manages your personal data.
This document explains why we collect information about you. It also tells you what we do with your information, so you know what happens with it when you give it to us.
Keeping your personal data safe is very important to us at Yoti. Personal data is the information that can identify you, like your name, your date of birth, and your biometrics.
For example, if you use our app you may use it to prove your age and/or to identify yourself online and in person. We use your personal data to create your app account and we have a privacy policy for the app.
2. Who are we?
Yoti is a digital identity platform.
This means that Yoti can confirm the age and identity of a person online.
You can show how old you are using Yoti when you want to buy age-restricted goods or when you would like to sign up for a product or service that needs to confirm who you are.
3. What information we collect and when
Since we have many products, we collect different pieces of information for different reasons. The most common things we ask for are:
Your first name and last name
Address
E-mail address
Telephone number
Your date of birth
A facial scan (this is your biometrics)
Your ID document
We do this because:
We have asked you and you have said yes
To prevent someone else from pretending to be you
To be able to develop more ways that keep young people safe online
If you want to know more about this have a look at
our product-specific privacy notices
.
They provide information for each product about what personal information we ask for and use.
4. Why do we ask for your personal data?
We need to ask for your personal data to know who you are.
Just because we have your personal data, it doesn’t mean we can do what we want with it. We must follow strict rules that are governed by privacy laws worldwide.
We ask for your data because:
We need to ensure you are who you say you are so that nobody else can use your identity.  We ask special permission from you to use your biometric data. The biometrics we take is a map of your face to check that it is you when logging back in to Yoti.
We want to run a safe business that follows the law and we want you to share this information with those who help us to do this.
And also because:
We need it to run our app, products and services.
We need to measure how well the website or app is working so we can give you the best service when using our app, products and services.
We need to stop contacting you if you decide to stop using our app, products, or services.
5. Will my personal data be shared?
If you choose to, you can share your personal information with other companies using the app. Only you can share your data and only you can choose when to share your information, and with whom. It is not our business model to sell, transfer or share any of your personal information used to set up your account.
You might want to share some details about yourself with a store or an online store using the app. These companies or people are called third parties because they’re not directly involved in the relationship between you and us – they’re external people you might want to share your information with, such as a shop owner.
There are some situations where we will legally have to share some information, such as when someone is committing a crime or breaking the law.
However, once we’ve completed our initial checks, we encrypt your data and can no longer access or share it.
6. Is my personal data safe?
We keep your information safe by storing it securely and only giving access to people who need it.
We hold all of your personal information in a secure data centre in the UK.
If you share your personal information with a company outside of the UK, it will be sent securely and electronically to the country of the individual or company you wish to share with. We always make sure that your information is shared securely.
In those situations where we have to share some information, we will always do this in a way that is secure and safe.
7. What are my rights?
Your rights are governed by data privacy laws such as the UK GDPR and the Data Protection Act 2018.
Data privacy law gives you many rights, including:
To find out what information we hold about you and to ask for a copy of the personal information we hold about you
To ask us to change any personal information you think is wrong
To ask us to delete all your personal information
There are other rights that you may wish to exercise and you can find the details of those on the Information Commissioner’s Office website:
https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/guide-to-data-protection/guide-to-the-general-data-protection-regulation-gdpr/individual-rights/
.
You may also find a summary of those on our
general privacy information page
or the
product-specific privacy policies
. For any rights requests, please contact
privacy@yoti.com
.
8. Who makes sure Yoti follows the rules?
We have someone called a Data Protection Officer. Their job is to protect your data and make sure we’re following the law to keep your data safe. If they see something wrong, they tell us how we can fix it.
If you want to know more about this, you can contact us directly using the details below or ask your parents or guardians to contact us.
9. How to contact us
You can contact us by:
Email:
privacy@yoti.com
;
hello@yoti.com
Website:
https://www.yoti.com/contact/#contact-us-choose
FAQs:
https://yoti.force.com/yotisupport/s/
If you have a concern about how we handle your data or you are unsatisfied with our response to you, please contact the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO).
The ICO makes sure we follow the rules and punish companies when they do things wrong. If you need to, you can email or write to them.
You can complain to them here in the UK:
https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/
.
Or you can complain to your local regulator if you live outside of the UK:
https://globalprivacyassembly.org/participation-in-the-assembly/members-online/
.
10. Updates to our policies
We regularly review and update our privacy information when there are changes in our products or practices. If we plan to use personal data for a new purpose, we will update our privacy information and communicate the changes to individuals before starting any new processing.
Our analytics
We use cookies to help run our websites, give you a better browsing experience and target our ads. You can choose the types of cookies you accept by clicking the headings below.
Reject all
Accept all
Change preference
Our analytics
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. You can choose not to allow some types of analytics. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings.
Allow all
Manage preferences
Always on
Strictly necessary
These are necessary for the website to function and you cannot switch them off. They are usually to enable login, for security and to remember your privacy preferences. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will then not work. These cookies don’t contain any information that can directly identify you.
Cookie details‎
Performance
These allow us to count visits and actions so we can measure and improve the performance of our website. They help us to know which pages are the most popular and tell us which ad brought you here. These cookies don't usually contain any information that could identify you but if you submit your details to us via a web form on yoti.com or info.yoti.com, your user behaviour gets attached to your contact record along with your personal data. If you turn these off, we will not have any information to understand how our website is being used.
Cookie details‎
Functional
These allow the website to provide more functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third-party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you turn them off, some or all of these services may not work properly.
Cookie details‎
Targeting / advertising
These are provided by our advertising partners. We use their cookies and site visit pixels for remarketing and to measure and improve the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns. This means that those partners (Google, Facebook, LinkedIn and Instagram) can show our ads to people who have recently visited our websites. Our aim is to retarget businesses who are interested in Yoti solutions, not individuals browsing the site, but we are not able to distinguish between them.
Cookie details‎
Confirm my choices
Back Button
Back
Performance Cookies
Vendor Search
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear Filters
Information storage and access
Apply
Consent
Leg.Interest
All Consent Allowed
Select All Vendors
Select All Vendors
All Consent Allowed
Confirm my choices
Sub-policy 1
https://www.yoti.com/privacy/:
Yoti Privacy Centre
Welcome to the Yoti Privacy Centre
From here you can find the following:
General Privacy Information that applies across our whole business
Privacy Notice for Children and Young Adults
Product Privacy Notices
User Testing Privacy Notice
Websites and Cookie Notices
General Privacy Information
Look out for these information boxes for a simple summary of each section.
Use the Contents section to navigate your way through to see how Yoti uses your information and keeps it safe.
Contents
What is this
Product Privacy Notices
Key definitions
Who we are
Information collection and use
Information sharing
Security and data location
Your rights and choices
Analytics
Contact us
What’s new?
We made some changes to the general layout of our Privacy Centre to make navigation clearer
We have added a Product Privacy Notice for Identity Verification (IDV)
We have added information about our use of publically available licensed data, such as Vimeo, for our internal research purposes
Updated: 21 June 2024
1. What is this?
This information is here to explain to you how Yoti uses your personal data. This is a general notice and contains high-level information that applies across all of our business. For privacy information on
specific Yoti products
, please see below.
2.
Product Privacy Notices
Digital ID
How we handle your data when you use a Digital ID app.
Last updated: 15/11/2024
Yoti:
Read here
EasyID:
Read here
Lloyds Bank Smart ID:
Read here
Identity Verification
How we handle your data when you use our Identity Verification solution
Last updated: 12/08/2024
Read here
Identity Verification within the UKDIATF
How we handle your data when you use our Identity Verification for the UK Digital Identity and Attribute Trust Framework (UKDIATF).
Last updated: 12/08/2024
Read here
Age Verification (AVS)
How we handle your data when you use our Age Verification solution (AVS).
Last updated: 4/12/2024
Read here
Web Account
How we handle your data when you use the Web Account
Last updated: 12/05/2023
Read here
Hub
How we handle your data when you use the Hub.
Last updated: 19/09/2019
Read here
eSignatures
How we handle your data when you use our eSignatures solution.
Last updated: 10/09/2021
Read here
Yoti Password Manager
How we handle your data when you use Yoti Password Manager.
Last updated: 14/01/2019
Read here
3. Key definitions
Analytics
: The careful study of something, by breaking it down into smaller pieces. Yoti looks at trends and patterns in the app to inform our business decisions. Yoti performs analytics on how users interact with the app using anonymous and aggregated data.
Biometrics
:  A study of people’s unique physical and behavioural characteristics, which aims to identify or recognise people as a unique individual based on traits they have. At Yoti we use
biometrics
. For example when you set up a Digital ID we take a face scan (also known as a selfie photo), which we store securely and use for the purpose of checking if it’s really you.
Data Protection Officer:
The person who is responsible for overseeing a company’s data protection implementation to ensure compliance with data privacy law.
Encryption:
This allows information to be hidden so that it cannot be read without special knowledge such as a key or a password.
GDPR / UK GDPR:
The General Data Protection Regulation is a legal framework that sets guidelines for the collection and processing of personal information from individuals who live in the UK & European Union (EU). It protects people and lays down rules about how data about people can be used.
ISO 27001 and SOC 2 :
These are information security controls and standards, designed against a set of defined tests that the organisation has to be assessed on.
Third Parties:
These are companies that we may have interactions with outside of Yoti. For example this could be other apps, software and partner companies. Where we say ‘third party’ this means anyone who is not you or us. This could be another person or an organisation.
4. Who we are
Yoti is a digital identity and age verification company, which means Yoti allows its users to have their ID or age confirmed. For example, you can show how old you are when you want to buy age restricted goods or would like to sign into an app, where age checks would need to be carried out.
We are a digital identity and age verification company and we design our software and services with privacy at their heart, guided by a set of principles.
We are monitored by a Guardian Council who make sure that we always seek to do the right thing.
We are certified as a B Corp company, meaning that we consider the impact of our decisions on employees, consumers, the community and the environment.
Company details
We are Yoti Ltd, 6th Floor, 107 Leadenhall St, London, EC3A 4AF (company number 08998951), but you can call us
‘Yoti’
. Our general email address is
hello@yoti.com
.
Our principles
We take your privacy very seriously. We design our software and services with privacy at their heart, guided by a set of principles which you can read here:
https://www.yoti.com/ethical-framework
.
We are monitored by a Guardian Council, who are respected and influential individuals who make sure that Yoti always seeks to do the right thing, and that we are transparent about what we are doing and why. Read more about them here:
https://www.yoti.com/ethical-framework
.
We are also certified as a B Corp company, meaning that we consider the impact of our decisions on employees, consumers, the community and the environment. Read more about it here:
https://www.bcorporation.net/
5. Information collection and use
We collect different types of your information for different reasons. We explain why we collect this information below. This is our general privacy notice where you can find out general privacy information about Yoti. For each of our products, we have a product privacy notice. The product-specific privacy notices provide more specific information on how we collect and use personal data for that product.
Lawful bases
The lawful bases are what we rely on in order to have a valid reason to collect personal data. Below is a summary of all the lawful bases we rely on across our products.
Data protection law requires an organisation to have a lawful basis for its personal information collection and use, and there are several lawful bases available. Our products and services are available globally, so in some cases our choice of lawful basis reflects the need to comply with different laws in different countries.
Performance of a contract
When you set up and use our app and associated products and services, almost all the personal information collection and use is necessary to provide the app, product or service.
If you provide us your contact details to ask us a question, request more information or contact our Customer Support, we use your details to reply and resolve any issues.
Consent
We ask you to consent to us using your
biometrics
. This is because biometric data is sensitive or special category data under the GDPR and the lawful bases available for this data are very limited. There are also biometrics laws in other countries that require consent.
See the section on biometrics in our
app privacy policy
for more information about the biometrics we use and why.
Legitimate interests
Some personal data collection and use is in our legitimate business interests. To use this lawful basis we assess both our interests and yours, to make sure that what we’re doing does not cause any unjustified privacy intrusion.
Fraud reporting: some fraud prevention bodies we work with require us to report identity fraud we discover.
Research and Development: we use non-sensitive data to continually improve and test our fraud prevention measures.
Vimeo videos for internal research and development: We use CC0 licensed videos uploaded by registered individuals onto the Vimeo platform in order to help train our anti-spoofing technology. We only use these internally within our R&D team and delete this data after 6 months. Individuals can opt-out of this processing by emailing
privacy@yoti.com
Analytics: we de-identify and aggregate the metrics information we get from users to understand how our website and app are performing, to identify bugs and to identify where we need to focus our efforts to improve.
B2B Marketing campaign records: we keep information so we know who was sent what marketing information and when.
Invoice and billing: for corporate customers.
Legal obligation
If you have provided us your contact details to hear about Yoti, its products and services and you no longer want to hear from us, we are obliged by law to stop contacting you. To meet this legal obligation we will add your details to a suppression list so you no longer hear from us.
If you are a potential customer, we are obliged to carry out some due diligence.
Retention
We provide specific retention information in the Product Privacy Notices.
If you have a Digital ID, we will keep your information until you delete your account. Inactive accounts are deleted after three years of inactivity.
If you send a question to our customer support team via email or through our chatbot, we will keep a record of the query for 6 months.
If you volunteer for user testing with Yoti, we will keep the related information for 12 months.
6. Information sharing
You are able to share your information with third parties using the Digital ID app and Yoti can also share your information where we suspect or find fraudulent activity. Yoti will never sell your information.
As a Digital ID app user, you choose if you want to use your app to share your information with other individuals or with companies. As an organisation using Yoti for age or identity verification, you choose what information to request from individuals.
Where Yoti has access to your information, we may share it in specific circumstances, such as:
suspected or confirmed identity fraud or other offences;
valid and legally binding requests for information from third parties;
to verify your details with trusted third parties.
We do not sell your information.
This section describes the kind of circumstances where we may have to share personal information. The Product Privacy Notices  will set out what, if any, information sharing may take place for that product / service.
When Yoti shares your personal information
Yoti’s core privacy principles are that it is not our business model to sell, transfer or share outside the company any of the personal information used to set up your account or your user activity information.
However there are some situations where we will share or will have to share some information, and we list these below:
If we suspect identity fraud, a national security threat, legal infringement or a criminal offence
We may have to share a copy of your information with the appropriate authorities.
If you provide false information
If, after investigation, we determine that there has been fraud that meets the criteria for reporting, we will pass the details to relevant crime and fraud prevention agencies to prevent further fraud and money laundering.
One of these agencies is Cifas. Cifas keeps fraud reports for six years. Other Cifas members may use the information we report to refuse to provide you with services, financing or employment. You can find the Cifas privacy information here:
https://www.cifas.org.uk/fpn
If we get a request for information from law enforcement or other official authority
We will have a legal obligation to share the information if we receive a court or similar legal order ordering us to disclose it.
Where we are required to share information with law enforcement or other government authority we will ensure
The request is valid;
The information requested is no more than necessary;
That, where possible, we have tried to redirect the request to the relevant Client; and
That, where possible, we have informed the relevant Client of the request.
To verify your details:
For some of our products and services we check certain details, including against a third party, as part of verifying identity and carrying out due diligence.
The Product Privacy Notices will set out when and how this happens.
To verify details on behalf of other companies
Some of our products and services may include the option to request an identity check against credit reference agency or other fraud prevention data.
In these circumstances Yoti simply sends the relevant details to the credit reference agency or fraud prevention database on behalf of the company, and sends the response back to the company.
The Product Privacy Notices will set out when and how this happens.
We may use the services of trusted suppliers to help us, for example, for data storage, online payment providers and other identity providers:
Because of how we have designed the system, in most situations we won’t need to share your information with third parties.
If we do, we will
encrypt
your data and / or it will be properly protected by the terms of our contract with these third parties.
When you share your personal information
You will decide when you want to use a Yoti product or service to identify yourself to a third party, or to send and request information. You choose whether to agree or not to share the information that a third party requests from you.
Yoti encourages companies to only ask for the information they actually need, for example, your age, or confirming you are over 18, rather than a full date of birth. If you choose to share your information with a
third party
using Yoti, those third parties may choose to use that information to communicate with you or they may share that information with others. Where you choose to share your information with a third party organisation, you should read the privacy notice of that organisation so that you can  understand how they manage and use your personal information.
7. Security and data location
We store your information securely in our UK data centres. In some cases we may need to transfer your data outside of the UK to be able to deliver our products. For example, we sometimes transfer data to our sister company Yoti India, for the purpose of conducting manual ID document checks. In this case we always take additional security measures to protect your data.
Security is a core business principle. Our products and services do different things, so the specific security details for each one are listed in the relevant product sections. We always keep personal information in secure locations with strict access controls.
We continually test our systems to ensure that we are compliant and to ensure that we follow top industry standards for information security. Several times a year external audits are carried out on us to check that our security arrangements are compliant. These auditors follow internationally recognised standards for best practice in security, these are known as ISO  27001 and SOC2.
The Product Privacy Notices have more information on where we keep data and the security measures relevant to that product.
Where we use other organisations to support our business we have contract terms in place that contain obligations on the other organisation to safeguard your information. Some of these organisations have their servers in other countries. We have contract terms with these third parties and measures in place to cover any transfers of personal information and use other legal measures such as adequacy decisions, the Data Privacy Framework and Standard Contractual Clauses.
8. Your rights and choices
You have rights under data protection law. These are rights such as, the right to find out what information we hold about you and the right to have access to this information. You can exercise your data privacy rights by contacting privacy@yoti.com or by using the contact us information below.
You have different rights with regard to your personal information. Some rights only apply in certain circumstances or to certain information. There are also exemptions from some rights in some circumstances.
Please click the link below to see information about all the rights. Each Product Privacy Notice sets out what rights apply for that particular product / service. If there is no rights and choices section, this information here applies.
For the purposes of the California Consumer Protection Act, we do not sell your data.
Access rights
You have the right to find out what information we hold about you and ask for copies of the information we hold about you.
You are entitled to know what personal information we hold about you and to receive a copy of it.
For our Digital ID app, you can access your personal data  by going into the app and using the export function in the app settings.
If you want to make an access request for other personal information Yoti may hold about you, please email:
privacy@yoti.com
.
For some of our products we are acting as processor and have no ability to access your data. In this case you will need to contact the organisation that asked you to complete the age or identity check to exercise your access rights.
In-house analytics
The information we collect is de-identified and aggregated, so it is not possible to search or get the information using your name or your phone’s identifiers (for example, the IMEI number which is like a serial number for your phone). We cannot provide you with this information as it is not linked to any of your identifying details.
Google Analytics information
We use Google Analytics for some products or websites. Google creates and shares with us an identifier (such as, 76c24efd-ec42-492a-92df-c62cfd4540a3). The information that we collect through Google Analytics is linked only to this identifier, and so it is not possible to search or get the information using your name or your device’s other identifiers (for example, the IMEI number which is like a serial number for your phone). We cannot provide you with this information as it is not linked to any of your identifying details.
You can make an access request to Google here:
https://support.google.com/policies/contact/sar
Correction rights
You have the right to ask us to make changes to your information if we have made a mistake.
You are entitled to correct personal information we hold about you that is inaccurate.
For most of our products and services you have the ability to correct or replace inaccurate personal information.
If you have contacted our Customer Support or had other contact with us and want to make a correction request, please email:
privacy@yoti.com
.
Deletion rights
You have the right to ask us to delete your information.
In certain circumstances you are entitled to ask us to delete the personal information we hold about you.
For some of our products and services you can delete your account or certain information from within the product / service.
If you have any other deletion request, please email:
privacy@yoti.com
.
Objection rights
You have the right to change your mind about us holding your information.
In certain circumstances you are entitled to object to Yoti processing your personal information.
If you receive any marketing, there will always be an unsubscribe option.
If you want to contact us about your objection rights, please email:
privacy@yoti.com
.
Restriction rights
You have the right to ask us to stop using any of your personal information.
In certain circumstances you are entitled to ask us to restrict our processing of your personal information.
You can ask us to do this if:
you dispute the accuracy of your personal information;
our processing is unlawful but you prefer restriction to deletion;
we no longer need the information but you need it for legal reasons; or
you have objected to our processing and we are still dealing with this objection.
If you want to contact us about your restriction rights, please email:
privacy@yoti.com
.
Portability rights
You have the right to request your information to be used for another purpose across different services.
In certain circumstances you are entitled to receive the personal information you have provided us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. It allows you to move, copy or transfer personal data easily from one IT environment to another in a safe and secure way, without affecting its usability.
For some of our products and services you can download your personal information from within the product / service.
If you have contacted our Customer Support or had other contact with us and want to make a portability request, please email:
privacy@yoti.com
.
Complain to the ICO
As a UK company we are regulated by the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) who is responsible for making sure that organisations comply with the law on handling personal information. You can complain to them here:
https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/
Or you can complain to your local regulator:
https://globalprivacyassembly.org/participation-in-the-assembly/members-online/
9. Analytics
Analytics are looking at trends and/or breaking down things into smaller parts to analyse them in detail and make conclusions about the data. Yoti looks at trends and patterns in the app to inform our business decisions. We collect information about your device and your use of the app using our in-house and third-party analytics.
The information
does not
directly identify you; we de – identify and aggregate the information to make sure that it does not. We also combine information so that no analytics report is ever about you. You can choose not to allow some types of analytics.
We collect information about your device and your use of our products using in-house analytics and third-party tools. The information we collect is de-identified and aggregated so we can’t identify you personally. We use it to understand how our products are being used and to improve them.
You can opt out of certain analytics in the Digital ID app and by changing browser settings for web-based products that use a cookie to implement the analytics. This section provides general information, please see the ‘Analytics’ sections of the Product Privacy Notices for more details on analytics used in specific products.
What are analytics and why do we use them?
Analytics means collecting and analysing information about activity on our website and in our app. None of our analytics provide information about you personally. The statistics we get from this data allow us to understand how people are using our products and websites, and things like what works and what doesn’t, how long it takes to complete critical tasks and where we have users. Unlike most other companies, we don’t build individual profiles of the people who use our products and services. We simply look for trends and patterns to inform business decisions.
All these statistics are essential to understanding how our products and websites are performing and identify where we need to focus our efforts to improve.
Your choices for analytics
You have some control over analytics information collected through settings available in your website browser and on your phone, as well as in the Digital ID app settings. You can access this by going to your Digital ID App > More > Account Settings > Analytics to make changes.
Website
You can review and change your pixels and cookies  at any time by clicking on the ‘Cookie Settings’ link in the footer of our website and adjusting the toggles. Alternatively you can clear your cache or browsing history and  set your browser to refuse cookies and pixels.
You can also get more information from the Digital Advertising Alliance and change ad settings using their ‘Your Ad Choices’ tool here:
http://www.aboutads.info/consumers
Phone
Both Android and iOS phones have privacy settings to limit the collection of the Advertising ID.
Apple:
https://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT202074
Android:
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=en-GB
10. Contact us
There are many different ways to contact Yoti if you wish to exercise your privacy rights or make a complaint, the main ones are listed below. You can also contact us from within the Yoti Digital ID app.
Email:
privacy@yoti.com
;
hello@yoti.com
Website:
https://www.yoti.com/contact
Our analytics
We use cookies to help run our websites, give you a better browsing experience and target our ads. You can choose the types of cookies you accept by clicking the headings below.
Reject all
Accept all
Change preference
Our analytics
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. You can choose not to allow some types of analytics. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings.
Allow all
Manage preferences
Always on
Strictly necessary
These are necessary for the website to function and you cannot switch them off. They are usually to enable login, for security and to remember your privacy preferences. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will then not work. These cookies don’t contain any information that can directly identify you.
Cookie details‎
Performance
These allow us to count visits and actions so we can measure and improve the performance of our website. They help us to know which pages are the most popular and tell us which ad brought you here. These cookies don't usually contain any information that could identify you but if you submit your details to us via a web form on yoti.com or info.yoti.com, your user behaviour gets attached to your contact record along with your personal data. If you turn these off, we will not have any information to understand how our website is being used.
Cookie details‎
Functional
These allow the website to provide more functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third-party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you turn them off, some or all of these services may not work properly.
Cookie details‎
Targeting / advertising
These are provided by our advertising partners. We use their cookies and site visit pixels for remarketing and to measure and improve the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns. This means that those partners (Google, Facebook, LinkedIn and Instagram) can show our ads to people who have recently visited our websites. Our aim is to retarget businesses who are interested in Yoti solutions, not individuals browsing the site, but we are not able to distinguish between them.
Cookie details‎
Confirm my choices
Back Button
Back
Performance Cookies
Vendor Search
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear Filters
Information storage and access
Apply
Consent
Leg.Interest
All Consent Allowed
Select All Vendors
Select All Vendors
All Consent Allowed
Confirm my choices
Sub-policy 2
https://globalprivacyassembly.org/participation-in-the-assembly/members-online/:
Follow us on
Home
Assembly & Executive Committee
Mission and Vision
Executive Committee
The Secretariat
History of the Assembly
Picture Gallery
GPA Census
News & Events
Latest News
Newsletter
Memory Book of the 43rd Global Privacy Assembly
Updates from Working Groups
Events Calendar
Giovanni Buttarelli Award
Global Privacy and Data Protection Awards 2024
Award entries: Education and public awareness
Award entries: Innovation
Award entries: Accountability
Award entries: Dispute resolution and enforcement
Privacy and Human Rights Award
Enforcement Cooperation Meetings
News Releases
News from Members
Members
List of Accredited Members
Members Online
List of Observers
List of participants in Enforcement Cooperation Arrangement
Welcome Kit
Become A Member
Become An Observer
Become a participant in Enforcement Cooperation Arrangement
Project Page: The Future of the Conference
GPA Reference Panel
Documents
Adopted Resolutions
Joint Statements
Declarations & Communiques
Working Group Reports
Rules & Procedures
Accreditation
Committee Documents
Representation at Meetings of International Organisations
Closed Session Minutes & Correspondence
Miscellaneous
Cooperation
GPA COVID-19 Response Repository
Working Group on COVID-19 Related Privacy and Data Protection Issues
GPA Statements and Meeting Summaries
COVID-19 Resources Library
Headlines from OECD-GPA COVID-19 Workshops
COVID-19 Events Calendar
GPA COVID-19 Taskforce 2020
Enforcement Cooperation Resources
Document Library
Other Networks
Regional networks
Linguistic/cultural networks
Specialised networks
Miscellaneous networks
Enforcement Cooperation Repository
Members Online
Most Assembly members have a website and many have a social media presence as well.
To obtain more information about our many data protection and privacy authority members and the laws they administer visit the online sites below. These details were drawn from the responses to the Census 2017 and were correct as at March 2017. Please let the
Secretariat
know of any changes or broken links.
Key to common sites
Website
Twitter
Facebook
YouTube
LinkedIn
RSS
Instagram
Google +
Other
A to C
D to F
G to I
J to L
M to O
P to R
S to U
V to X
Y to Z
A to C
Commissioner for Personal Data Protection, Albania
Data Protection Agency, Andorra
National Direction for Personal Data Protection, Argentina
Personal Data Protection Agency, Armenia
Office of the Australian Information Commissioner, Australia
Information Commissioner, Northern Territory (Australia)
Office of the Victorian Information Commissioner (Australia)
Data Protection Commission, Austria
Privacy Commission, Belgium
National Commission for Technology and Freedoms, Benin
Personal Data Protection Agency in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Commission for Personal Data Protection, Bulgaria
Privacy Commissioner of Canada
Information and Privacy Commissioner, British Columbia (Canada)
Ombudsman, Manitoba (Canada)
Office of the Information and Privacy Commissioner for Newfoundland and Labrador (Canada)
Information and Privacy Commissioner, Northern Territories (Canada)
Office of the Information and Privacy Commissioner for Nova Scotia (Canada)
Information and Privacy Commissioner, Nunavut (Canada)
Information and Privacy Commissioner of Ontario (Canada)
Information Access Commission, Quebec (Canada)
Superintendence of Industry and Commerce, Colombia
Telecommunications/ICT Regulatory Authority, Cote d’Ivoire
Data Protection Commissioner, Council of Europe
Personal Data Protection Commissioner, Cyprus
Office for Personal Data Protection, Czech Republic
D to F
Back to top
Data Protection Agency, Denmark
Data Protection Inspectorate, Estonia
European Data Protection Supervisor, European Union
Data Protection Ombudsman, Finland
Data Protection Commission, France
Directorate of Personal Data Protection, FYROM
G to I
Back to top
National Commission for the Protection of Personal Data (Commission Nationale pour la Protection des Données à Caractère Personnel), Gabon
Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner, Germany
Privacy Commissioner, Bavaria (Germany)
Data Protection and Freedom of Information Commissioner, Berlin (Germany)
Data Protection and Access to Information Commissioner, Brandenburg (Germany)
Data Protection Commissioner, Hesse (Germany)
Data Protection Commissioner, Mecklenburg-West Pomerania (Germany)
Data Protection Commissioner, Rhineland Palatinate (Germany)
Data Protection Commissioner, Saxony (Germany)
Privacy Commissioner, Schleswig-Holstein (Germany)
Office of the Personal Data Protection Inspector, Georgia
Data Protection Commissioner, Gibraltar
Data Protection Commission, Ghana
Hellenic Data Protection Authority, Greece
Privacy Commissioner for Personal Data, Hong Kong
National Authority for Data Protection and Freedom of Information, Hungary
Data Protection Authority, Iceland
Data Protection Commissioner, Ireland
Data Protection Registrar, Isle of Man
Data Protection Commission, Italy
J to L
Back to top
Data Protection Registrar, Jersey
National Agency for Personal Data Protection (AMDP), Kosovo
State Data Inspectorate, Latvia
Data Protection Authority of the Principality of Liechtenstein
State Data Inspectorate, Lithuania
National Data Protection Commission, Luxembourg
M to O
Back to top
Institute for Access to Public Information of the Federal District, INFODF, Mexico
Personal Data Protection Authority, Mali
Data Protection Commissioner, Malta
Data Protection Office of Mauritius
National Institute for Transparency, Access to Information and Personal Data Protection, Mexico
Transparency, Public Information Access and Personal Data Protection Institute of Estado de México and municipalities, INFOEM, Mexico
National Center for Personal Data Protection, Moldavia
National Commission for the Control and the Protection of Personal Data, Morocco
Data Protection Commission, Netherlands
Privacy Commissioner, New Zealand
Data Inspectorate, Norway
P to R
Back to top
National Privacy Commission, Philippines
Personal Data Protection Office, Poland
National Data Protection Commission, Portugal
Personal Information Protection Commission, Republic of Korea
National Supervisory Authority for Personal Data Protection, Romania
S to U
Back to top
San Marino Data Protection Authority
Commissioner for Information of Public importance and Personal Data Protection, Serbia
Office for Personal Data Protection of the Slovak Republic, Slovakia
Information Commissioner, Slovenia
Data Protection Commissioner, Spain
Catalan Data Protection Agency, Catalonia (Spain)
Data Inspection Board, Sweden
Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner, Switzerland
Data Protection Commissioner, Basel Landschaft Canton (Switzerland)
Data Protection Commissioner, Basel Stadt Canton (Switzerland)
Data Protection Commissioner, Zug Canton (Switzerland)
Data Protection Commissioner, Zurich Canton (Switzerland)
National Personal Data Authority, Tunisia
Personal Data Protection Authority of Turkey,Turkey
Information Commissioner’s Office, United Kingdom
Federal Trade Commission, United States of America
Regulatory and Control Unit of Personal Data, Uruguay
V to X
Back to top
Organisation Name
Y to Z
Back to top
Organisation Name
Participation in the Conference
List of Accredited Members
Members Online
List of Observers
List of participants in Enforcement Cooperation Arrangement
Welcome Kit
Become A Member
Become An Observer
Become a participant in Enforcement Cooperation Arrangement
Enforcement Cooperation Arrangement FAQs
Project Page: The Future of the Conference
Latest News
Data Protection Day 2025
27 January 2025
New global Privacy and Human Rights Award honours leadership in privacy and other fundamental rights
16 June 2024
International Women´s Day 2024
6 March 2024
Follow us on
Copyright © 2025  Global Privacy Assembly
Sitemap
Sub-policy 3
https://www.adjust.com/terms/privacy-policy/:
English
日本語
Deutsch
Privacy policy
CCPA
Privacy policy
Last modified: October 2024
Adjust GmbH including all of its affiliates (collectively, "Adjust" or "We") respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy. With this privacy policy, we would like to inform you how we process your personal data.
The data controller according to art. 4 European General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR") is Adjust GmbH, Saarbrücker Str. 37a, 10405 Berlin, managing directors are Andrey Kazakov and Egor Lukomsky.
Responsible for data processing in contracts with your respective contractual partner:
●      Adjust GmbH, Germany
●      Adjust Software Ltd, United Kingdom
●      Adjust Inc., United States
●      Adjust K.K., Japan
●      Adjust Beijing, China
●      Adjust Brasil Licenciamento de Software Ltda., Brazil
If one of our subsidiaries is the data controller and the registered office is outside the EU, its EU Representative is Adjust GmbH, Saarbrücker Str. 37A, 10405 Berlin, Germany
If the data processing is subject to the UK GDPR and a UK Representative is required this is Adjust Software Ltd, 90 High Holborn, Holborn, London, WC1V 6LJ, United Kingdom
In case of any questions relating to data protection, please get in touch with us at
privacy@adjust.com
.
Our external Data Protection Officer is ePrivacy GmbH, represented by Prof. Dr. Christoph Bauer, Burchardstrasse 14, 20095 Hamburg. If you wish to communicate directly with our Data Protection Officer (because you have a particularly sensitive matter for example), please send your request to them by post. Please state in your request that your concern relates to the company Adjust GmbH.
Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Website. This policy may change from time to time (see Changes to our Privacy Policy). If you are a California resident, please also review our California Resident Privacy Notice ("CCPA").
1. Collection and Use of Data
Term
Personal data is all information relating to personal and objective circumstances through which a person may be personally identified. This may for example entail information such as your name, address or other contact details such as phone number or e-mail address.
Intended Use
We base the processing of your data on the following legal bases:
●      Your consent, if you have given us such consent (art. 6 para. 1 lit. a) GDPR),
●      The initiation or execution of a contract with you (art. 6 para. 1 lit. b) GDPR),
●      The fulfilment of legal obligations (art. 6 para. 1 lit. c) GDPR),
●      The implementation of our legitimate interests (art. 6 para. 1 lit. f) GDPR)
When processing your data on the basis of art. 6 para. 1 lit. f) GDPR, we pursue the following legitimate interests:
●      To present and improve our website
●      To estimate the size of our target group and their user pattern
●      To save information about your preferences so that we may adapt our website to your individual interests
●      To speed up your search
●      To recognize you when you return to our website
Furthermore, with this information we will be able to ensure the stability and security of our website.
How We Use Your Information
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information:
●      To present our Website and its contents to you
●      To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us
●      For marketing and advertising purposes
●      To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection
●      To notify you about changes to our Website or any products or services we offer or provide through it and to help us understand how the Website is being used (website analysis)
●      for other purposes that we specifically explain to you prior to collecting your information.
We may also use your information to contact you about goods and services that may be of interest to you. If you do not want us to use your information in this way, you may elect to unsubscribe and we will cease using your information in that manner.
Children Under the Age of 13
Our Website is not intended for children under 13 years of age. No one under age 13 may provide any personal information to the Website. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you are under 13, do not use or provide any information on this Website or on or through any of its features/register on the Website, make any purchases through the Website, use any of the interactive or public comment features of this Website or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address or any screen name or user name you may use. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at Adjust GmbH, Saarbrücker Str. 37a, 10405 Berlin, Germany, via email at
privacy@adjust.com
.
This privacy policy and the CARU icon shown on our websites and online services, confirm that Adjust, Inc. is a valid licensee and participating member in the CARU Safe Harbor Program (“CARU Safe Harbor”).  To protect your privacy, we have voluntarily undertaken this privacy initiative.  CARU has reviewed and certified that we meet established online information collection and use practices on all Adjust’s websites and online services where this privacy policy is posted.
As part of the CARU Safe Harbor, we are subject to audits and frequent monitoring of our websites and online services and other enforcement and accountability mechanisms administered independently by CARU.
If you believe that we have not responded to your inquiry or your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed, please contact CARU at:
CARU Safe Harbor
Attn: Director
1676 International Drive #550
McLean, Virginia 22102
InfoCaru@bbbnp.org
PLEASE NOTE: CARU is not a data controller or a data processor for Adjust, Inc. and cannot process personal data requests made pursuant to CCPA. Please direct your personal data request directly to Adjust, Inc, through the link in our privacy policy under “Your California Privacy Rights”.
From whom we receive your information
We receive the information from you (including about the devices you use). In addition, if we do not collect the personal data directly from you, we will also tell you the source of the personal data and, if applicable, whether it comes from publicly available sources.
Information We Collect About You
We collect several types of information from and about users who visit our Website via internet connection or through your device which you use to access our Website, including certain user details. Such information includes:
●      Traffic data
●      Location
●      Server logs
●      Resources on our website which you access and use
●      IP address, operating system and browser type
and information which is collected through cookies, web-beacons and other tracking technologies.
Furthermore, we are processing data with which you may be personally identified such as your name, postal address, e-mail address, phone number and any other identifier with which you may be contacted online or offline ('personal data') insofar as you provide us with this data in our online form. Keep in mind that we also handle correspondence and process data to that respect.
Technologies, which we use on this website
The technologies we use for this data processing may include:
●      Cookies (or browser cookies). We, and businesses we work with, require cookies for some features of our website. Cookies are small files that your browser places on your device in a designated directory. These cookies can be used to determine, for example, whether you have visited a website before. They are deleted after the end of your visit. Other cookies ("persistent cookies") are automatically deleted after a specified period, which may vary depending on the cookie. You can delete cookies at any time in the security settings of your browser and object to the use of cookies through your browser settings. Please note that disabling cookies may result in restrictions when using our website.
●      Web Beacons. Pages of our Website and our e-mails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags and single-pixel gifs) that permit Adjust, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an e-mail and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).
●      Log files. Every time you access our Internet pages, your usage data is transmitted through the respective internet browser and stored in log files, the so-called server log files. The records stored in this case contain the following data: domain and location from which the user is accessing the website.
Information You Provide to Us
The information we collect on or through our Website may include:
●      Information that you provide by filling in forms on our Website. This includes information provided at the time of subscribing to our newsletter, subscribing to our service, or requesting further services. We may also ask you for information when you report a problem with our Website or the Adjust technology,
●      Records and copies of your correspondence (including e-mail addresses), if you contact us,
●      Details of transactions you carry out through our Website and of the fulfillment of your orders. You may be required to provide financial information before placing an order through our Website,
●      Details of Website searches and button clicks are also recorded.
You also may provide information to be published or displayed (hereinafter, "posted") on public areas of the Website, or transmitted to other users of the Website or third parties (collectively, "User Contributions"). Your User Contributions are posted on and transmitted to others at your own risk. Although you may set certain privacy settings for such information by logging into your account profile, please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. Additionally, we cannot control the actions of other users of the Website with whom you may choose to share your User Contributions. Therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee that your User Contributions will not be viewed by unauthorized persons.
Third-party Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
Some third parties may use cookies alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies to collect information about you when you use our website. The information they collect may be associated with your personal information or they may collect information, including personal information, about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services. They may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content.
Automated decision making (including profiling)
Automated decision-making - including profiling - does not take place.
Requirement or Obligation to Provide Data
Unless this is expressly stated, the provision of your data is not required or obligatory.
Duration of Retention of Data
We store your data:
●      If you have consented to the processing, at the latest until you withdraw your consent,
●      If we need the data to carry out a contract, at most as long as the contractual relationship with you or statutory retention periods are running,
●       if we process the data for the fulfillment of a legal obligation, at most for as long as the legal obligation exists,
●      If we use the data on the basis of a legitimate interest, at most as long as your interest in deletion or anonymization does not prevail.
Disclosure of Your Information
We may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction.
We may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this privacy policy:
●      To our subsidiaries and affiliates for the sole purpose of providing our services.
●      To contractors, service providers and other third parties we use to support our business:
●      Provider of web analysis tools,
●      Web hosting and web development providers,
●      Marketing and advertising service providers,
●      E-mail and newsletter provider,
●      Service provider for editing and translations,
●      CRM system service provider,
●      Cloud services,
●      Payment service provider,
●      Conference and Webinar Software,
●      Service provider for online surveys,
●      Service provider for chat software,
●      Social media platforms.
●      To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or other sale or transfer of some or all of Adjust's assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by Adjust about our Website users is among the assets transferred.
●      To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it.
●      For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.
●      With your consent.
We may also disclose your personal information:
●      To comply with any court order, law or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request,
●      To enforce or apply our
terms of use
and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes,
●      If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of Adjust, our customers or others.
Unless otherwise stated herein, your personal data will be processed on our servers. If we have commissioned technical service providers, they will only process the data after having received express instructions and they are contractually obliged to guarantee adequate technical and organizational measures for data protection. Insofar as we refer to integrated services of other providers in this privacy policy, it can be assumed that personal data will be transmitted to the specified headquarters of these providers. These providers may be based in a so-called third country outside the European Economic Area.
Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information:
●      Changing the browser settings. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this Website may then be inaccessible or not function properly.
●      Consent Banners (“CMP”). You can grant and manage your cookie and consent preferences via the consent banner provided. Please note that we base the setting or processing of personal data using cookies on your consent in accordance with art. 6 para. 1 lit. a) GDPR, sec. 25 para. 1 TTDSG. In the case of cookies, which are absolutely necessary to make the website available properly, we base the setting of cookies on sec 25 para. 2 No. 2 TTDSG or the processing of personal data on our legitimate interest in accordance with art. 6 para. 1 lit. f) GDPR to make our website available and to ensure this and its functionality and user-friendly design.
●      Opt-out. You may "opt out" of receiving marketing or promotional emails from us by following the instructions in those emails. If you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as emails about your accounts or our ongoing business relations
●      We do not control third parties' collection or use of your information to serve interest-based advertising. However, these third parties may provide you with ways to choose not to have your information collected or used in this way. You can opt out of receiving targeted ads from, for example, members of the Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI") on the NAI's
website
.
How we protect Your Data
●      We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration and disclosure. All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers behind firewalls. All transactions, regardless of their nature, are encrypted using SSL technology.
●      The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our Website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone.
●      Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our Website. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Website.
●      Transfer between subsidiaries: We may transfer user and customer information to our affiliates and to third party providers for the sole purpose of providing our services.
Newsletter
If you subscribe to our newsletter, we will process your e-mail address and data to verify your subscription. You can cancel your subscription at any time by sending a message to us or by clicking the 'unsubscribe' button in every email.
Your rights according to the GDPR
As the data subject, you have the right of access (art 15 GDPR), the right to rectification (art 16 GDPR), the right to erasure of your personal data (art 17 GDPR), the right to restriction of and object to the processing of your personal data (art 18 GDPR and art. 21 GDPR) as well as the right to data portability (art 20 GDPR). Furthermore, you have the option to file a complaint against the processing of your personal data with  a supervisory authority (for example, the data protection authority responsible for us, which is the Berliner Beauftragte für Datenschutz und Informationsfreiheit at
https://www.datenschutz-berlin.de/
, Art. 77 GDPR).
If you have given your consent to the processing of your data, you can withdraw the given consent at any time (art.7 para.3 GDPR) by sending us an email to
privacy@adjust.com
.  The withdrawal of consent shall not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
You can object to the processing of your personal data insofar as we base the processing of your personal data on our legitimate interests. This is the case in particular if the processing is not necessary for the fulfilment of a contractual obligation to you, which we in each case present in the description of the functions which follow. In case of such objection, we kindly ask for an explanation of the reasons for the objection against the processing of your personal data. In the case of your justified objection, we will examine the situation and will either discontinue or adapt the data processing or point out to you our compelling legitimate reasons based on which we continue the processing your personal data.
Of course, you can object to the processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes at any time.
In this case, please send an e-mail to
privacy@adjust.com
.
Your California Privacy Rights
If you are a California resident, please review our
California Resident Privacy Notice
("CCPA") for information regarding your California privacy rights.
Transfer to Third Countries
If personal data is being transferred to countries outside the European Economic Area, we only transfer it to third countries where the EU Commission has confirmed an adequate level of protection or where we can ensure the careful handling of personal data by means of contractual agreements (Standard Contract Clauses) or other suitable guarantees, such as certifications or proven compliance with international security standards. Information on this is available from us upon request.
Data Privacy Framework
Adjust Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Adjust Inc. has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern.  To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) Program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, Adjust Inc. commits to cooperate and comply with the advice of the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPAs) with regard to unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF. We are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC).
For complaints regarding DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms, you have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration. Further information can be found on the official DPF website.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, Adjust Inc. commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information. EU individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF should first contact Adjust Inc. at:
privacy@adjust.com
If you are an EU individual, where we transfer your personal data to third party servicer providers (see below) who perform services for us or on our behalf, we are responsible for the processing of that data by them and shall remain liable if they process your personal data in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
Choice: If personal data covered by this Privacy Policy is to be used for a new purpose that is materially different from that for which the personal data was originally collected or subsequently authorized, or is to be disclosed to a non-agent third party in a manner not specified in this Policy, Adjust will provide you with an opportunity to choose whether to have your personal data so used or disclosed. Requests to opt out of such uses or disclosures of Personal Data should be sent to us at
privacy@adjust.com
2. Tracking Technologies on our Website
Google Analytics
We use the Google Analytics service of the provider Google Ireland Limited Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland on our website.
Google Analytics is a web analytics service that allows us to collect and analyze data about the behavior of visitors to our website. Google Analytics uses cookies for this purpose, which enable an analysis of the use of our website. This involves processing of personal data in the form of online identifiers (including cookie identifiers), IP addresses, device identifiers and information about interaction with our website.
Some of this data is information that is stored in the terminal device you are using. In addition, further information is also stored on your end device via the cookies used. Such storage of information by Google Analytics or access to information that is already stored in your terminal device only takes place with your consent.
Google Ireland will process the data collected in this way on our behalf in order to evaluate the use of our website by the users, to compile reports on the activities within our website and to provide us with further services associated with the use of our website and the use of the internet. In doing so, pseudonymous usage profiles of the users can be created from the processed data.
The personal data processed on our behalf to provide Google Analytics may be transferred to any country in which Google Ireland or Google Ireland's sub-processors maintain facilities. Please note the information in the section "Data transfer to third countries".
In addition to the option to reject Google Analytics in our Consent Banner, you can also prevent the collection of data generated by the cookie and related to your use of the website (including your IP address) to Google and the processing of this data by Google by downloading and installing the browser plugin available at the following link:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en
.
We only use Google Analytics with IP anonymization enabled. This means that the IP address of the user is shortened by Google Ireland within member states of the European Union or in other contracting states of the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the IP address be transferred to Google on a server in the USA and shortened there. The IP address transmitted by the user's browser is not merged with other data. You can find Google's privacy policy here:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US
.
We use the Google Analytics 4 variant, which allows us to track interaction data from different devices and from different sessions. This allows us to put individual user actions in context and analyze long-term relationships.
The data about user actions are stored for a period of 14 months and then automatically deleted. All other event data is stored for 2 months and are then automatically deleted. Thereby, the deletion of the data whose storage period has expired takes place automatically once a month.
Google Ads
We use the online advertising program Google Ads of Google Ireland, Limited Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland (“Google”) on our website, through which we place advertisements on the Google search engine. When you access our website via a Google ad, Google sets a cookie on your terminal device ("conversion cookie"). In the process, a different conversion cookie is assigned to each Google Ads customer, so that the cookies are not tracked across the websites of different Ads customers. The information obtained with the help of the cookie is used to create conversion statistics. This tells us the total number of users who clicked on one of our Google ads. However, we do not receive any information with which users can be personally identified. When using the service, a transfer of your data to the USA cannot be excluded. Please note the information in the section "Data transfer to third countries". You can find Google's privacy policy here:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US
.
Google Remarketing
We also use the Google Analytics advertising features (remarketing) from Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland. This function enables us, in conjunction with the cross-device functions of Google, to display advertisements in a more targeted manner and to present users with ads that are tailored to their interests. Via the remarketing, users are shown ads and products for which interest has been identified on other websites in the Google network. The function allows us to link advertising target groups created via Google Analytics Remarketing with the cross-device functions of Google Ads. In this way, interest-based, personalized advertising messages that have been adapted to a user depending on previous usage and surfing behavior on an end device (e.g. cell phone) can also be displayed on another end device of the user (e.g. tablet or PC).
If you have given your consent, Google will link your web and app browsing history with your Google account for this purpose. In this way, the same personalized advertising messages can be placed on every end device on which you log in with your Google account. The aggregation of the collected data in your Google account is based solely on your consent, which you can give or withdraw at Google. For these linked services, data is then collected via Google Analytics for advertising purposes. To support the remarketing function, Google Analytics collects users' Google-authenticated IDs, which are temporarily linked to our Google Analytics data. This is used to define and create target groups for cross-device ad advertising.
Privacy policy of Google:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US
Further information and setting options for personalized advertising at Google can be found here:
https://support.google.com/My-Ad-Center-Help/answer/12155451?hl=en&sjid=174251308182856932-EU
.
Google Signals
We use the Signals feature of Google Analytics, a service provided by Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland. Google Signals recognises individual users using different devices (so-called cross-device tracking). We only receive anonymous data in the form of a report that shows patterns in user behaviour. Google Signals helps us to better understand how visitors interact with our website and to show more meaningful and personalized ads to these visitors after leaving our website.
For this, session data is being processed and linked with website visitors that
• have a Google account;
• are logged in to their Google account when they access the corresponding website; and
• have turned on the “Ads personalization” feature in their Google account.
If you do not wish to be subject to the Signals feature, you can deactivate the “Ads personalization” feature in your Google account.
The privacy policy of Google can be found here:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Meta Pixel (formerly known as Facebook Pixel)
We use the "visitor action pixels" from Meta Platforms Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland ("Meta") on our website. This allows user behavior to be tracked after they have been redirected to our website by clicking on a Facebook ad. This enables us to measure the effectiveness of Facebook ads for statistical and market research purposes. The data collected in this way is anonymous to us, i.e. we do not see the personal data of individual users. However, this data is stored and processed by Meta, which is why we are informing you, based on our knowledge of the situation. Meta may link this information to your Facebook account and also use it for its own promotional purposes, in accordance with
Facebook's Data Usage Policy
. You can allow Meta and its partners to place ads on and off Facebook. A cookie may also be stored on your computer for these purposes. You can object to the collection of your data by Meta pixel, or to the use of your data for the purpose of displaying Facebook ads in your account-settings. You can find Meta's privacy policy here:
https://de-de.facebook.com/privacy/policy/?entry_point=data_policy_redirect&entry=0
.
LinkedIn Insight Tag
The LinkedIn Insight Tag is a piece of lightweight JavaScript code that we have added to our websites to enable in-depth campaign reporting and to help us unlock valuable insights about our website visitors. The LinkedIn Insight Tag is offered by LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company, Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Ireland. We use the LinkedIn Insight Tag to track conversions, retarget website visitors, and unlock additional insights about members interacting with our LinkedIn adverts. The LinkedIn Insight Tag enables the collection of metadata such as IP address information, timestamp, and events such as page views. All data is encrypted. The LinkedIn browser cookie is stored in a visitor's browser until they delete the cookie or the cookie expires. You can opt out of cookies from LinkedIn on your
LinkedIn settings page
and recommend you read their
Cookie Policy
for more information. ​​You can find LinkedIn's privacy policy here:
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
.
Marketing Cloud Account Engagement (formerly Salesforce Pardot)
Marketing Cloud Account Engagement is a B2B marketing automation tool by Salesforce, which we use to keep customers informed about upcoming events, product updates/ new features, etc. This marketing tool is embedded in our website for general marketing purposes, including e-mail, social media, digital ads, web management and analytics. For this marketing tool, we use cookies to identify you when you visit and re-visit our website. With this tool we track different data points when you are using our website in order to improve the website content we provide to you as well as to improve our marketing campaigns and make their content more relevant for you. For more information on Salesforce's privacy policy, you can find their privacy policy here:
https://www.salesforce.com/company/privacy/
.
Hotjar
Hotjar Ltd. Dragonara Business Centre, 5th Floor, Dragonara Road, Paceville St Julian’s STJ 3141, Malta, provides a service which analyses the online behavior of website users by combining analytics and feedback tools.
Hotjar will collect and process your IP address when you navigate through and interact with the contents of our website and to evaluate the use of Adjust Dashboard. The sole purpose for passively collecting this information is by means of the website analysis to improve your experience when using our website and Adjust Dashboard. Hotjar offers information on how users can stop the analysis:
https://www.hotjar.com/policies/do-not-track/
. You can find Hotjar's privacy policy here:
https://www.hotjar.com/legal/policies/privacy/
Drift
Drift Inc., 222 Berkeley Street, Suite 600, Boston, MA 02116, USA, is providing a conversation-driven marketing platform. We have implemented Drift’s chatbot tool on our website in order to engage and communicate with website visitors interested in our services. For this, Drift records conversation data, IP address and contact information. Drift's privacy policy can be found here:
https://www.drift.com/privacy-policy/
.
Microsoft Advertising
We use Universal Event Tracking (UET) on our website via the Microsoft Advertising service of Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited, One Microsoft Place, South County Business Park, Leopardstown, Dublin 18, Ireland. Via UET, Microsoft stores a cookie in the user's browser to enable an analysis of the use of our online offer. The prerequisite for this is that the user has reached our website via an advertisement from Microsoft Advertising. In this way, we and Microsoft can recognise that someone has clicked on an ad, has been redirected to our online offer and has reached a previously determined target page (conversion measurement). No IP addresses are stored in this process. No further personal information about the identity of the user is communicated either.
For more information on data protection at Microsoft, please refer to Microsoft's privacy statement at
http://privacy.microsoft.com/en/privacystatement
. Microsoft offers the opportunity to opt out under
https://account.microsoft.com/privacy/ad-settings/signedout?lang=en-US
.
6sense
We use 6sense, a marketing automation software on our website. The service is provided by 6sense Insights, Inc., 450 Mission Street, San Francisco, CA 94105, United States. 6sense enables us to identify and target B2B prospects who have shown interest in our services. This allows us to optimize and improve our marketing strategy.
The data shared with 6sense includes cookie and other online identifiers, names, email addresses, phone numbers, social media contact information, company names, customer status, industry and job descriptions, websites visited, location information, and commercial interests. We process this data based on your consent as well as based on our commercial marketing interests. You can find more information about the data processed by 6sense in their privacy policy at
https://6sense.com/privacy-policy/
.
G2
We use G2 Track Your Prospects, a marketing analytics service on our website. The service is provided by
G2.com
, Inc., 100 S. Wacker Drive, Chicago, IL 60606, United States. G2 allows us to identify and target B2B prospects who have shown interest in our services to optimize and improve our marketing strategy.
The data shared with G2 includes the data collected by Google Analytics as well as data about your activity on our website as well as on the G2 website, namely cookie and other online identifiers, information stored in your G2 profile, information about your industry, customer status, websites visited and website usage information, location information, and likely commercial interests. We process this data based on your consent as well as based on our commercial marketing interests. You can find more information about the data processed by G2 in their privacy policy at
https://legal.g2.com/privacy-policy
.
Appzi
We use Appzi, a website visitor feedback collection tool on our website. The service is provided by Appzi, Inc., 2035 Sunset Lake Road, Newark, DE 19702, United States. Appzi allows us to collect feedback from website visitors. The data collected by Appzi includes the feedback provided by website visitors as well as information about your system (non-precise location, device type, operating system, browser type, screen resolution, URL visited). We process this data based on your consent as well as based on our commercial marketing interests. You can find more information about the data processed by Appzi in their privacy policy at
https://www.appzi.com/privacy
.
Demandbase
We use Demandbase, an account-based marketing service, on our website. The service is provided by Demandbase, Inc., 222 2nd St., 24th Floor, San Francisco, CA 94105, USA. Demandbase enables us to identify and target B2B prospects who have shown interest in our services. This allows us to optimize and improve our marketing strategy.
The data shared with Demandbase includes contact details of our clients and prospects (first and last name, company name, title, email. address(es), phone number(s), business address.) and website traffic data collected via Demandbase Tag (IP address, cookie ID, HTTP header, website engagement information). We process this data based on your consent as well as based on our commercial marketing interests. You can find more information about the data processed by Demandbase in their privacy policy at
https://www.demandbase.com/privacy/.
3. Other Recipients
Cookiebot
We use the consent technology of Usercentrics A/S, Havnegade 39, 1058 Copenhagen, Denmark (hereinafter "Cookiebot") to obtain consent for the storage of certain cookies on your terminal device or for other actions requiring consent and to document and manage these in accordance with data protection laws. The purpose of the data processing is the analysis, management and proof of the consents granted, in order to comply with our obligation of a GDPR-compliant consent management.
When you access our websites, a connection is established to the servers of Cookiebot in order to obtain your consent and other declarations regarding the use of cookies. Cookiebot then stores a cookie in your browser in order to be able to assign the consents granted to you or their withdrawal. The data collected in this way is stored until you request us to delete it, delete the Cookiebot cookie yourself or the purpose for storing the data no longer applies. Mandatory legal storage obligations remain unaffected.
Among other things, your IP address (in anonymized form, the last 3 digits are set to 0), the date and time of your consent, our website URL, technical browser data, an encrypted anonymous key and the cookies you have allowed (as proof of consent) are processed.
The privacy policy of Cookiebot can be found here:
https://www.cookiebot.com/en/privacy-policy/
Gong
In our sales activities, we use the "Gong" service of Gong.io Inc., 265 Cambridge Ave, Suite 60717, Palo Alto, CA 94306, USA. We use Gong to record, transcribe and analyse video conferences between our sales staff and you. The service is used exclusively with your consent for the purpose of employee training. You will find Gong's Privacy Policy at
https://www.gong.io/privacy-policy
.
Facebook Lead Ads
We use Facebook Lead Ads from Meta Platforms Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland. Users may submit their contact information to us through certain advertisements, which we then process for promotional and advertising purposes. For more information visit:
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
.
LinkedIn Lead Gen Forms
LinkedIn, meaning LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company, Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Irland, offers Ads that allow people to submit their contact and other information to us ("Lead Gen Forms").  We process the data transmitted to us for advertising purposes. You entered data will also be processed by LinkedIn. For more information visit:
https://linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
.
Amplitude
Amplitude is an analysis service of Amplitude Inc., 201 3rd Street, Suite 200, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA. This tool collects technical information, such as the type of your device (e.g., iPhone 7 or the operating system used (e.g., iOS 10.3). In addition, Amplitude tracks location data (e.g. country) and internal data (e.g. language, server upload time, session ID) that occur when using our Adjust Dashboard. Such events may, for example, be how long you were logged into our Dashboard and from which country. In other words, Amplitude helps us understand how you use our Dashboard so we can improve the experience. You will find additional information about the manner in which Amplitude processes data at:
https://amplitude.com/privacy
.
Rollbar
To better understand any possible errors in the source code of our dashboard, we share some data from our dashboard users with Rollbar, Inc., 665 3rd St Ste 150, San Francisco, California, 94107, USA. These data include the dashboard user's name, email address, and device information, such as a description of the error or bug the dashboard user experienced while using the dashboard. For further information please refer to Rollbar's privacy policy at
https://docs.rollbar.com/docs/privacy-policy
.
Pendo
Pendo is an analysis service of Pendo.io Inc. 301 Hillsborough Street, Suite 1900, Raleigh, NC 27603, USA that we use to evaluate the use of our Adjust Dashboard, generate reports on activities, analyze behavioral metrics and improve the experience. The tool collects the Adjust Dashboard user name, email-address, country and region as well as usage data when using our Adjust Dashboard. You can find more information in Pendo's privacy policy at
www.pendo.io/legal/privacy-policy/
.
Facebook Page
We operate a Facebook page (so-called "Fanpage") on Facebook, a service of Meta Platforms Ireland Ltd, 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2,
Meta collects and uses data to provide analytics services, known as "page insights," to site operators to help them gain insight into how people interact with their sites and the content associated with them. This data includes information about the types of content users view or interact with, or the actions they take, as well as information about the devices users use, such as IP addresses, operating system, browser type, language settings, cookie data.
We are jointly responsible with Meta Platforms Ireland Ltd. for the collection and processing of data of visitors to our Fanpage. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interest in improving the user experience when visiting our Fanpage, in effective promotional activities using social media and communication about specific products, and measuring and adjusting such activities., art. 6 para. 1 lit. f) DSGVO. We have therefore concluded a joint controller agreement with Meta regarding the processing of your data pursuant to Art. 26 DSGVO. The agreement with Meta also regulates in particular which security measures Meta must observe and that Meta must fulfill the data subject rights.
You can find more information about page insights as well as information on how to assert your data subject rights in the "
Information on page insights
". You can view the terms and conditions of the contract concluded with Meta
here
. You can find Meta's privacy policy here:
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/policy/
LinkedIn Page
We operate a LinkedIn page on LinkedIn, a service of LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company, Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Ireland.
LinkedIn collects and uses data to provide analytics services, known as "page insights", to site operators to help them understand how people interact with their pages and with the content associated with them. This data includes information about the types of content that users view or interact with, or the actions they take, as well as information about the devices used by users, such as IP addresses, operating system, browser type, language settings, cookie data.
We are jointly responsible with the LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company for the collection and processing of information about visitors to our page. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interest in improving the user experience when visiting our LinkedIn Page, in effective promotional activities using social media and communication about specific products, and measuring and adjusting such activities, art. 6 para. 1 lit. f. GDPR. We have therefore concluded an agreement with LinkedIn on joint responsibility with regard to the processing of your data in accordance with art. 26 GDPR. In particular, the agreement with LinkedIn also regulates which security measures LinkedIn must observe and that LinkedIn must comply with the rights of data subjects.
You can find further information on the Page-Insights as well as instructions on how to assert your data subject rights in the privacy policy of LinkedIn (
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
). The terms of the agreement concluded with LinkedIn can be viewed here (
https://legal.linkedin.com/pages-joint-controller-addendum
).
4. Processing of data through the Adjust technology
We provide mobile analytics and attribution services to mobile app providers (our "Customers"). In connection with these services, we may process certain data from the users of these mobile apps (collectively the "End User" or "You"), as further described hereafter. We process the data upon instructions from our Customers and do not have any kind of direct relationship with the You as the End User.
Our SDK and APIs (collectively the "Adjust Technology") may process some of the following data from You as the End User:
●        IP address
●        Mobile identifiers such as the ID for Advertising for iOS (IDFA), Google Advertising ID or similar mobile identifiers
●        User Agent
●        Installation and first opening of an app on Your mobile device
●        Your interactions within an app (e.g. in-app purchases, registration)
●        Information regarding which advertisements You have seen or clicked on
●        For the Fraud product additionally: sensory data including touch events, counting text changes, accelerometer, gyroscope, battery, light sensor, device hardware specifications and operating system version
We use the aforementioned data for providing mobile analytics and attribution services to our Customers, and thereby allow our customers to measure their marketing performance, to match You to their campaigns and to understand how You engage with our Customers’ apps. Furthermore, we enable our Customers to measure Your interactions in their apps in real time in order to see how You engage over their full lifetime. The aforementioned data is therefore processed in order to analyze the performance of marketing campaigns and to provide performance reports to our Customers. We do not combine the data with any other data that would enable us to personally identify You. Any information processed via the Adjust Technology is owned and controlled by our Customer who has implemented the Adjust Technology into their mobile app.
We do not share or disclose the user data with anyone else except with our server providers and in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including national security or law enforcement requirements. We store the data as long as our Customers are using the Adjust Technology because we need it to provide our services to our Customers, if not requested otherwise by our Customers. In some cases, there is a transfer of data to third countries outside the European Union. This is done on the basis of statutory provisions that are intended to ensure an adequate level of protection for Your personal data. For more information, please contact us.
Customers who have
child-directed apps
must choose the appropriate product settings and must not share any personal data with Partners or any third parties. Customers must agree to the section in our
Terms and Conditions
accordingly.
5. Changes to Our Privacy Policy
It is our policy to post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this page. If we make material changes to how we treat our users' personal information, we will notify you through a notice on the Website home page. The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable e-mail address for you, and for periodically visiting our website and this privacy policy to check for any changes.