merlos
/
iOS-Open-GPX-Tracker
Public
Notifications
You must be signed in to change notification settings
Fork
149
Star
628
Code
Issues
68
Pull requests
0
Discussions
Actions
Projects
0
Wiki
Security
Insights
Additional navigation options
Code
Issues
Pull requests
Discussions
Actions
Projects
Wiki
Security
Insights
Open GPX Tracker Privacy Policy
Updated Jun 2023
Hi there, this is Juan, the creator of Open GPX Tracker. I'll try to explain the privacy policy in simple terms:
Open GPX Tracker does not track or share any personal data
I don't collect any data of your phone, your location or what you do within the app. Frankly speaking, I don't care about it.
Third party services
Although the app does not collect any data, Open GPX tracker makes use of third party services for displaying the maps.
These third party providers have their own privacy policies. These services may be able to collect some information such as your IP address and the areas of the map you are downloading. Therefore, you may want to take a look at their privacy policy before using those providers:
Apple Maps (default)
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/data/en/apple-maps/
Open Street Map
https://wiki.osmfoundation.org/wiki/Privacy_Policy
Carto
https://carto.com/legal/
Open Topo Map
https://opentopomap.org/credits
OpenSeaMaps
http://openseamap.org/index.php?id=imprint&L=1
External references updated in Jun 2023
Security
The app stores the GPX files by default in your phone, so these are not transmitted through the network.
The cache of the map is also kept in your phone.
The files can be accessed through the application and using the File explorer. By default these are stored in the folder GPX Tracker.
The files are stored in plain text and are NOT encrypted.
All the requests to the map service providers use encryption using HTTPS, however this protocol does not encrypt the URL which includes information about the piece of map you are requesting.
GDPR Regulation
The European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) does not actually apply, as you are not sharing any personal data with me.
Contact information
You can drop an issue in our public forum
https://github.com/merlos/iOS-Open-GPX-Tracker/
Loading
Home
Loading
How to translate Open GPX Tracker into my language
Loading
Open GPX Tracker App Store Text
Loading
Privacy Policy
Open GPX Tracker Privacy Policy
Third party services
Security
GDPR Regulation
Contact information
Add a custom sidebar
Clone this wiki locally
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/data/en/apple-maps/:
Choose another country or region to see content specific to your location and shop online.
Ireland
Ireland
Other country or region
Continue
Apple
Store
Shop the Latest
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
Accessories
Find a Store
Order Status
Apple Trade In
Financing
Personal Setup
Certified Refurbished
Education
Business
Veterans and Military
Government
Mac
Explore All Mac
MacBook Air
MacBook Pro
iMac
Mac mini
Mac Studio
Mac Pro
Displays
Compare Mac
Switch from PC to Mac
Shop Mac
Help Me Choose
Mac Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Mac Support
AppleCare+ for Mac
macOS Sequoia
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
Continuity
iCloud+
Mac for Business
Education
iPad
Explore All iPad
iPad Pro
iPad Air
iPad
iPad mini
Apple Pencil
Keyboards
Compare iPad
Why iPad
Shop iPad
iPad Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
iPad Support
AppleCare+ for iPad
iPadOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iCloud+
Education
iPhone
Explore All iPhone
iPhone 16 Pro
iPhone 16
iPhone 16e
iPhone 15
Compare iPhone
Switch from Android
Shop iPhone
iPhone Accessories
Apple Trade In
Carrier Deals at Apple
Financing
iPhone Support
AppleCare+ for iPhone
iOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iPhone Privacy
iCloud+
Wallet, Pay, Card
Siri
Watch
Explore All Apple Watch
Apple Watch Series 10
Apple Watch Ultra 2
Apple Watch SE
Apple Watch Nike
Apple Watch Hermès
Compare Watch
Why Apple Watch
Shop Apple Watch
Apple Watch Studio
Apple Watch Bands
Apple Watch Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Apple Watch Support
AppleCare+
watchOS 11
Apple Watch For Your Kids
Apps by Apple
Apple Fitness+
Vision
Explore Apple Vision Pro
Guided Tour
Tech Specs
Shop Apple Vision Pro
Apple Vision Pro Accessories
Book a Demo
Financing
Apple Vision Pro Support
AppleCare+
visionOS 2
AirPods
Explore All AirPods
AirPods 4
AirPods Pro 2
AirPods Max
Compare AirPods
Shop AirPods
AirPods Accessories
AirPods Support
AppleCare+ for Headphones
Hearing Health
Apple Music
TV & Home
Explore TV & Home
Apple TV 4K
HomePod
HomePod mini
Shop Apple TV 4K
Shop HomePod
Shop HomePod mini
Shop Siri Remote
TV & Home Accessories
Apple TV Support
HomePod Support
AppleCare+
Apple TV app
Apple TV+
Home app
Apple Music
Siri
AirPlay
Entertainment
Explore Entertainment
Apple One
Apple TV+
Apple Music
Apple Arcade
Apple Fitness+
Apple News+
Apple Podcasts
Apple Books
App Store
Apple TV+ Support
Apple Music Support
Accessories
Shop All Accessories
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
TV & Home
Made by Apple
Beats by Dr. Dre
AirTag
Support
iPhone
Mac
iPad
Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Music
TV
Explore Support
Community
Check Coverage
Repair
Get AppleCare+
Apple Account and Password
Billing & Subscriptions
Accessibility
Find a Store
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Apple Intelligence
Apple Trade In
0
+
Legal
Open Menu
Close Menu
Hardware
Software
Sales & Support
Internet Services
Intellectual Property
More Resources
English
Choose your preferred language
Maps is designed to protect your information. We work hard to collect only the data we need to make your experience better. When we collect data, we believe it’s important for you to know what we’re collecting and why we need it.
Sign-In and Sync
You do not have to sign in to your Apple Account to use Maps. If you choose to sign in to your account and have two-factor authentication enabled, Maps will keep your data in sync across all your devices using end-to-end encryption. For example, your Favorites, History, and Guides are encrypted end-to-end so Apple cannot read them. When you share your ETA with other Maps users, Apple cannot see the shared location.
If you are signed in, Maps will also use information associated with your Apple Account, such as whether you are an adult or a child, to determine if certain features are available to you. Maps does not store that information.
Location
Use of your location is required for most Maps features to function optimally. Because your location can give away your identity, we convert precise locations to less-exact locations within 24 hours. When you use Maps for navigation, we convert precise locations from the beginning of your route to a less exact area.
You can disable the location-based functionality of Maps on iOS, iPadOS, or visionOS by going to Settings > Apps > Maps > Location. Certain Maps features such as turn-by-turn navigation will be unavailable if you disable this setting.
If Location Services is turned on, information about routing, traffic, and nearby points of interest will be used in an anonymous, aggregated form to improve Maps. You can disable this by going to Settings > Privacy & Security > Location Services > System Services > Routing & Traffic. For more information about Location Services, visit
www.apple.com/legal/privacy/data/en/location-services
.
Using Maps
When you use Maps, the following information is sent to Apple:
Time of your request
Device model and software version
Input language
Device location, if you have authorized Maps to access your location
Boundaries of the map area visible on your device
Interactions with Maps, including search terms and features you use, the places you view, and your interactions with notifications from Maps
We also collect data on application, device, and network configuration and performance when using Maps. Individual usage metrics are associated with an identifier that rotates multiple times per hour, and is not tied to your Apple Account. This means Maps cannot search for information about you based on an identifier linked to you or your device. Longer-lived identifiers are used for application performance, aggregate usage metrics, and to maintain the integrity of the service. These longer-lived identifiers are not attached to your Apple Account or other information that might identify you.
Additionally, when you use Maps to make a navigation or directions request, details about your route are sent to Apple, including:
Origin and current device location when you make the request and during your navigation session, if you have authorized Maps to access your location
Destination
Mode of transport, including whether you are connected to CarPlay
A random identifier, which is created when you ask for directions and exists for the duration of your navigation session
If you use EV Routing, the state of charge at the start of your EV Routing request and information about your vehicle’s charge during your trip also are sent to Apple. Additionally, if you have opted in to Improve EV Routing, Apple may use data from your electric vehicle when you request directions to optimize your trip, tell you when you need to charge your vehicle, and provide an estimated level of charge at the end of your route. This information includes battery capacity, state of charge, and other vehicle characteristics that may affect range. However, none of this information is tied to your Apple Account. For more information about EV Routing, visit
www.apple.com/legal/privacy/data/en/improve-ev-routing
.
If you use the Navigation features for Enhanced Navigation Accuracy, Refine Location, or AR Walking, Maps will use your camera and motion sensors to improve the accuracy of your position and heading and to help you orient yourself. This data isn’t stored and doesn’t leave your device. If you choose to turn on Improve AR Location Accuracy, data from your device’s camera about the size and shape of buildings and other physical features around you will be sent to Apple when you use Refine Location or AR Walking in Maps. This data is not associated with your Apple Account and does not identify you or others. You can disable Enhanced Navigation Accuracy by going to Settings > Apps > Maps, going to the Directions section, tapping Walking, then tapping to turn off Enhanced. You can turn off Improve AR Location Accuracy by going to Settings > Privacy & Security > Analytics & Improvements, then tapping to turn off Improve AR Location Accuracy.
If you use visual intelligence with Camera Control, Maps may provide information about businesses, landmarks, and other places of interest. When Maps provides that information, Apple may collect data about the recommended place of interest and your interactions with the information provided by Maps.
Apple may use information collected from your use of Maps to provide and improve Maps and other location-based products and services.
You have the choice to participate in Ratings & Photos, which allows you to publicly post ratings, photos, and other content to points of interest (“POIs”). Your photo submissions are linked to your Apple Account. For more information about Ratings & Photos, visit
www.apple.com/legal/privacy/data/en/ratings-photos
.
You can also choose to report issues to Maps using the Report an Issue feature. Some reports are linked to your Apple Account. For more information about Report an Issue, visit
www.apple.com/legal/privacy/data/en/maps-report-an-issue
.
Personalizing Maps
Personalized features in Maps, such as Parked Car, Time to Leave, Favorites, and Suggestions (like upcoming destinations), are created using data generated on your device. This helps minimize the amount of data sent off your device.
Maps Service in China
The Apple Maps product in China uses the AutoNavi Maps Service. You do not have to sign in with your Apple Account to use the Maps app in China, and your activity is associated with a series of random and rotating identifiers that are not tied to your Apple Account. Apple works with AutoNavi to apply privacy-preserving techniques to obscure your location so that none of the collected information identifies you personally.
The License Plate Restrictions feature in China informs you of existing road network restrictions offering alternate routing options based on your license plate. Maps, working with AutoNavi, finds routes that avoid restricted areas based on your license plate. Only information about which restrictions apply to your license plate is shared when you request a route so neither Apple nor AutoNavi can see your actual license plate, and none of this information is tied to your Apple Account.
Sharing with Third Parties
Apple shares movement data, POI data, and aggregated user analytics with our partners. However, data is shared only if certain minimum thresholds are met, in order to prevent these partners from correlating this information back to any specific Maps user.
When you Report an Issue within Maps relating to a third-party data provider, Apple may provide the third party with information from your reported issue in order to help fix it. Apple shares information with such third parties only when it’s necessary to fix an issue and first seeks to delete any information from which you can be identified.
Data that is sent to Apple may be processed and stored by trusted service providers.
Retention
We do not collect or retain personal data associated with your Maps usage. If you have questions about your Maps usage, or would like to reach our Data Protection Officer, you can contact us at
www.apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
.
At all times, information collected by Apple will be treated in accordance with Apple’s Privacy Policy, which can be found at
www.apple.com/privacy
.
Published Date: December 16, 2024
Sub-policy 1
https://wiki.osmfoundation.org/wiki/Privacy_Policy:
Jump to:
content
,
navigation
,
search
Privacy Policy
From OpenStreetMap Foundation
Contents
1
Introduction
2
Why do we store and process personal data?
3
What data do we store and process?
3.1
Data from contributions to OpenStreetMap
3.2
OSMF Membership Data
3.3
Conference and Event Registration Data
3.4
Personal Data from Your Communications with OpenStreetMap
4
Who has access to the data
5
Where do we store the data
6
How can you control the processing of your data and reduce privacy related issues
7
Right to Object
8
Detailed Information
8.1
GPS Trace Data
8.2
Map Data
8.3
User 'home' location
8.4
Email Addresses
8.4.1
Gravatar
8.5
Data you may voluntarily add to your profile or diary posts
8.6
Personal data we receive automatically
8.7
Third party provided services and data
8.8
Unrelated Third-Party-Providers of Services and Data
8.9
Communication via OSMF provided Systems
8.10
Account Removal
8.11
Cookies
9
Other Relevant Policies
10
Contact
Introduction
This document states the OpenStreetMap
privacy policy
applicable to OpenStreetMap Foundation (OSMF) activities. In particular, these activities include:
the OpenStreetMap.org website and associated services and APIs,
the OpenStreetMap data distribution,
the OpenStreetMap wiki and help sites, and
the OpenStreetMap mailing lists and forums.
It describes what personal information we may be gathering from you, who can see this information, and what options you have for controlling this. We value your privacy and strive to achieve a balance between the legitimate interests of the OpenStreetMap project and your interests and rights.
This document is mainly intended for OpenStreetMap contributors, if you are not an OpenStreetMap contributor, but are using services provided by the OSMF, we believe the
Data we receive automatically
section will be most relevant for you.
As the OSMF has many legacy systems and practices that have currently not been fully reviewed and documented, it is possible that a subject of particular interest to you has not been covered yet or is inaccurately described. Please see the
contact
section, below, to reach us if you have any such questions or believe that you have found a discrepancy. As we will be updating this document regularly to reflect our better understanding of these issues, please check from time to time for updates.
OpenStreetMap developers, contributors and related companies will often use the OpenStreetMap name and logo to set up groups or services on third-party web sites. For example, there might be a Facebook page, a Google Plus page, a Slack channel, a page on Xing or LinkedIn, a Meetup group, and so on. The privacy practices of such services are outside of OSMF's control and might be located in countries with different data protection rules. Data you share on these platforms cannot, therefore, be covered by this policy. Please refer to the privacy policies of those third-party services.
Why do we store and process personal data?
The purpose of the OpenStreetMap project and the OSMF is to provide open geographic data, such as street maps, to anyone.
To fulfill the goal of distributing data that is truly open, untethered by rights of third parties and of high quality, we do not support anonymous contributions and retain additional, non-geographic, data on a legitimate interest basis (see
GDPR article 6.1f
), to enable:
identifying all the contributions made by an account,
contacting the contributor in the case of questions in respect to the nature and source of the  contributions,
detecting, removing and correcting spam accounts, vandalism, and violations of the rights of third parties,
facilitating the communication between OpenStreetMap contributors, and
researching and analysing aggregate contributions to improve or prioritise OSMF services, such as evaluating mapping efficacy, map completeness, and determining if locations or mappers are disproportionately represented.
What data do we store and process?
Data from contributions to OpenStreetMap
Besides the geographic data  contributed (points lines, and areas with associated attributes and GPS trace data), and communications related data (diary posts and comments, the user page, changeset comments, and messages) we store
editing session meta-data. For example comments added by the user, any version and similar information added by the editing application, which editing application and which aerial imagery layers where used.
user id and login name of the author of every change to an object and a timestamp indicating when that change occurred.
the e-mail address associated with your account,
any blocks the user has received and associated messages, and
network access data (example IP addresses) for the systems and services operated by the OSMF. see
Data we receive automatically
.
OSMF Membership Data
The full personal name and residential address of members of the organisation according to the Companies Act are, by law, required to be added to the OSMF register of members. Terminating membership does not lead to the entry being deleted. Associate members are not required to provide their full details and the information can be deleted if membership is terminated. Payment details for both classes of members are retained for accounting purposes as long as required by law. The processing of this data is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation (see
GDPR article 6.1c
).
More details on OSMF membership options can be found on
https://supporting.openstreetmap.org/#Membership-Categories
.
Conference and Event Registration Data
Some events organized by the OSMF require prior registration to be able to participate, most notably our annual State of the Map conference. This data is required to verify payment of entry fees, planning of venues, catering and scheduling of talks and presentations and is visible to the group organizing the event. The processing of this data is necessary for the performance of a contract (see
GDPR article 6.1b
).
Personal Data from Your Communications with OpenStreetMap
Personal data such as your name and contact information submitted as a result of communicating with OpenStreetMap, joining mailing lists, participating in the forum, or requesting information is retained to facilitate our ability to correspond with you.
Who has access to the data
We do not share email addresses associated with accounts with any third party and they are only accessible to operations and working group personnel who have signed confidentiality agreements. User-to-user messages are visible to the sender and the recipient; other access is limited to our operations staff and only if required for operational reasons, to enforce our acceptable use policies, to fulfil any legal obligations, and, most notably, to prevent spam.
Similarly, network access data is only used to support network operations and access is limited to operating personnel performing operational tasks and to combat vandalism and minimize spam.
The remainder of the personal data collected by us is made available, depending on the use case, via the website, via the editing API and from our data dumps, to users with accounts who are logged in.
To reduce the distribution of the non-geographic information we offer our data dumps with and without the additional personal data. Entities that require and process the additional data can register with the OSMF and you can find contact information for them here:
Registered data controllers
. We do not contract with them, and any processing of the data carried out by such entities is done on their own behalf.
Where do we store the data
Personal data other than any associated with a tile request (for instance, IP addresses and request details) is stored in the United Kingdom and the Netherlands. Backups are stored in the EU.
Map tiles are provided by a global network of cache servers; which tile server your browser or app accesses is determined by the operation of the content distribution network at the time of the request.
How can you control the processing of your data and reduce privacy related issues
While not required by law, we provide the following mechanisms to reduce the exposure of your personal data:
you can select a non-identifying login name and change it at will,
you are not required to include personal data in diary posts, comments, email listserv, the wiki, or other OSM communications methods, and you may delete diary posts at any time through your account,
you can
request that your account be deleted
(restrictions apply, see below) and this will be conveyed to registered entities that are utilizing your personal data.
You should not enable gravatar support or use an e-mail address you have associated with a gravatar if privacy is a concern.
You can further reduce exposure by not adding personal information to the map data (personal names and such) that you submit. Such information is in general not considered to be a useful addition to our data and you should refrain from adding it.
Right to Object
You have a
right to object
against processing based on legitimate interests of the data controller.
Detailed Information
GPS Trace Data
The uploading of GPS data is entirely optional and not a prerequisite for contributions to OpenStreetMap. If you do submit GPS data, it is uploaded in the form of individual GPX files. These are kept as raw files, as well as being imported into the database. GPX files can be marked "
public
" by the uploader; this is completely unrelated to the option of making one's
edits
"public".
When GPS data for an area is downloaded via the API, no indication is provided of which user uploaded a point or of the timestamp that is associated with the point. Points are, however, returned in timestamp order. GPS data downloaded in this way will include points from traces which were not marked as public.
If a GPS trace is marked as public when it is uploaded then the raw trace may be downloaded from the web site or by using an API call. In this case the user's display name is shown (regardless of whether the user has made their
edits
public or not) and the timestamps in the GPX file will be included. Also, any additional information placed in the GPX file will still be present, e.g., waypoints with their names and/or notes entered, associated symbols, elevation data, etc. You should remove any such information from the data and trim enough  information from the beginning and the end of the trace to obscure the start and destination of it before uploading it if you have privacy concerns.
Map Data
All edits made to the map are recorded in the database with the user ID of the user making the change, and a timestamp at the time of change upload. In general all of this information is also made available to everyone via the website, including links to allow everyone to easily cross-reference which user has made which edit.
Editing programs (such as JOSM and iD) can store further data in the database that may be relevant to your privacy. Please refer to the respective authors and distributors of the programs for more information. For example, iD and JOSM may add the language settings of your device to the metadata of each changeset and the make and operating system of the device may be visible from the transmitted version strings.
User 'home' location
If a user sets a home location then it will appear on the "nearby mappers" list for other people with a home location near the user's home location. This is an option on your account settings page.
Email Addresses
The registered email address for an OSM user account will never intentionally be published on the internet anywhere, shared with third party organisations, or revealed directly to other users. Email addresses will be used by the server to notify the user if another user has sent a message through the website, and for other system generated notifications.
Only
System Administrators
will have direct access to email address data associated with the OSM account. It may be used by these people to contact users directly about their edits or other OpenStreetMap-related issues.
Email addresses associated with wiki, forum and help site accounts are stored separately from the OSM user account data in the respective systems. These address are used for notifications and user-to-user communication (if enabled). These addresses are not publicly visible or shared with third parties, but may be visible to the administrators of the systems.
Note that some other types of
Accounts
used by developers/community do expose email address information more publicly (due to technical limitations of the software used, rather than policy decisions). The Trac system exposes your email address in plaintext on the page if the email address (rather than the display name) is used to login. The mailing list system exposes email addresses of people posting messages to everyone who receives the message, as well as in the archive web pages. If you want to post to the list, the system also requires you to register with your proper 'from' address, not a forwarding address.
Gravatar
The openstreetmap.org website supports the display of
Gravatars
, these are retrieved from gravatar.com by generating a globally unique key from your e-mail address. Our website software will check on the initial signup and on every email address change if you have a Gravatar for the new address and start displaying it if one exists. You can stop this behaviour by explicitly turning Gravatar support off in your account settings. You should be aware that, if a Gravatar is displayed, the key can be used to track your account over any website that has Gravatar support.
Data you may voluntarily add to your profile or diary posts
You are not required to fill out your profile or make diary posts. By voluntarily entering personal data in your user profile or diary posts, you consent to that information being publicly available and stored by OSMF as long as you maintain an OSM account. You may edit your public profile or your diary posts at any time to remove such information if you change your mind.
Personal data we receive automatically
The OSMF operates a number of services for the OpenStreetMap community, examples are the openstreetmap.org website, the "Standard" style online map, the OSM API and the nominatim search facility.
When you visit an OSMF website, access any of the services via a browser or via applications that utilize the provided APIs, records of that use are produced, we collect information about your browser or application and your interaction with our website, including (a) IP address, (b) browser and device type, (c) operating system, (d) referring web page, (e) the date and time of page visits, and (f) the pages accessed on our websites.
Further we may operate user interaction tracking software that will generate additional records of user activity, for example Piwik.
Additionally, OSMF may engage third party service providers to assist in the delivery of services to the OpenStreetMap community.  Those third party service providers may gather personal data in connection with the provision of services. For example, Content Distribution Networks (a “CDN”) may  use Geo-DNS or similar mechanisms to allocate load to geographically distributed servers and could potentially generate a record of your location at a large scale. See
Third party provided services and data
below
These records are used or can be used in the following ways:
in support of the operation of the services from a technical, security and planning point of view.
as anonymised, summarised data for research and other purposes. Such data may be offered publicly via
https://planet.openstreetmap.org
or other channels and used by 3rd parties.
to improve the OpenStreetMap dataset. For example by analysing nominatim queries for missing addresses and postcodes and providing such data to the OSM community.
The data collected on the systems will be accessible by the system administrators and the appropriate OSMF working groups, for example the Data Working Group. No personal information or information that is linked to an individual will be released to third parties, except except to the extent the third party is a service provider or as required by law. See
Third party provided services and data
below.
IP addresses stored by Piwik are shortened to two bytes and detailed usage information is retained for 180 days.
Given the temporary nature of this storage, it is generally not feasible for us to provide access to IP addresses or the logs associated with them.
The above mentioned data is processed on a legitimate interest basis (see
GDPR article 6.1f
).
Third party provided services and data
We may share personal data with vendors or agents working on our behalf for the purposes described in this privacy policy. For example, we may hire companies to assist with protecting and securing our systems or services, increasing their efficiency, and to support the OSMF activities described herein.  For instance, OSMF recently engaged a CDN provider to allocate demand generated by OSM users efficiently across a global network.
Any vendor or agent that we retain must comply with our data privacy and security requirements and this privacy policy and are not allowed to use personal data they receive from us for any other purpose other than to provide the services requested by OSMF. Like us, they will never barter, trade, or sell access to your personal data. We remain responsible and liable under data protection laws if third-party agents we engage to process personal data on our behalf do so in a manner inconsistent with the applicable data protection laws, unless we prove that we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
Unrelated Third-Party-Providers of Services and Data
Some sites or services provided by OSMF may be linked with third party applications or websites that provide content or services that is unrelated to OSMF. Such third party applications or websites are not associated with OSMF and personal data collected by them is not covered by the terms of this privacy policy. You will need to refer to the respective third party provider of such content or services for more information about how they handle personal data collected by them. Using these services will typically transmit at least your Internet address and browser information to the operator.
Some such unrelated third-party providers are:
Cycle and Transport Map layers available via the openstreetmap.org website operated by
Gravitystorm Limited, New Malden, United Kingdom
Humanitarian map layer available via the openstreetmap.org website operated by the
OpenStreetMap France c/o Maison des Associations du 2ème Arrondissement, 23 rue Greneta, 75002 Paris
overpass-api used by the query function on the openstreetmap.org website operated by
FOSSGIS e.V., Römerweg 5, 79199 Kirchzarten, Germany
3rd party service integrations in editing applications available from openstreetmap.org:
background layers, see the
Editor Layer Index
for information on the operators of the numerous imagery layers.
iD Editor is an open source OpenStreetMap editor that is not operated by the OSMF.
Privacy Policy
.
Mapillary street-level imagery is provided by Mapillary AB, Bredgatan 4, 211 30 Malmö, Sweden.
Privacy Policy
.
KartaView street-level imagery is provided by Grab Taxi Holdings Pte. Ltd.
Privacy Policy
.
Gravatar images in user profiles that display these are provided by Aut O’Mattic A8C Ireland Ltd., Business Centre, No.1 Lower Mayor Street, International Financial Services Centre, Dublin 1, Ireland.
Privacy Policy
.
Communication via OSMF provided Systems
The OSM community uses a number of channels for public and inter-personal communication. Some of the systems are operated and controlled by third parties and can be located in countries other than the UK. You will need to refer to the respective service providers for more information.
These 3rd party operated systems are:
Mailboxes for the OSMF e-mail addresses are provided by Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043. USA
IRC channels on the
OFTC network
openstreetmap Organisation and source code repositories on
Github
By using those systems that are provided by the OSMF, for example the messaging system on openstreetmap.org, you agree to your communications being intercepted by OSMF system managers when necessary to address operational issues, to enforce our acceptable use policies, most notably to prevent spam, and to fulfil any legal obligations.
You should be aware of the above when communicating sensitive information and you should employ encryption to protect your communications content.
Account Removal
You can
request your account to be removed
and we will honor such requests as far as possible.
If you have not actively contributed to the project we will not retain any records, user page, diary posts and similar will be removed.
If you have contributed your account will be renamed to user_
USERID
and contributions and changeset comments will be retained with this name, diary entries and your user page will be removed. Since we do not allow anonymous edits we will non-publicly retain your email address in case you need to be contacted with respect to your contributions.
Wiki and forum accounts will be renamed to a pseudo-anonymous name, but otherwise will remain as is. You can unsubscribe yourself from any mailing lists, however you need to realize that personal copies held by the recipients of any mails you sent to the lists and the archives on lists.openstreetmap.org cannot be removed.
In your request for account removal you need to identify all accounts that are affected as we do not have information on which accounts belong to which OpenStreetMap id.
Cookies
Numerous OSMF-operated services use cookies to store information on your login and site navigation state. We also use cookies and similar technologies to recognize and improve your use of our websites. You may delete cookies from your computer, and most browsers provide the option to block them. If you block cookies placed by us (first party cookies), you will not be able to access parts of the OSMF websites and services that require a login. However, your access to our websites will not be affected if you disable cookies placed by third parties.
Other Relevant Policies
As well as privacy issues, users and contributors must also be aware of the
OpenStreetMap License
. This includes
disclaimers
. We also have an
Acceptable Use Policy
covering various types of server usage.
Contact
If you have questions or concerns with respect to this policy, please contact the OSMF via our
Contact channels
.
If you believe that we hold information that would allow us to correct, amend, or delete inaccurate information about you or if you believe that information about you has been processed in violation of this privacy policy please email us at
privacy@osmfoundation.org
.  
Note that you may change your username, email associated with your account, and ‘home’ location through your account without contacting the OSMF.