ReBoard
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
===============

ReBoard

Everything you type on the keyboard is 100% private. The keyboard doesn't record your key strokes, doesn't transmit your key strokes to our servers, and doesn't transmit any personal information. The keyboard requires "Allow Full Access" when initially being setup because the keyboard lets you perform actions like web search, translate etc. which require Internet access. These actions can't be performed without an active Internet connection and unless "Allow Full Access" is turned on. Keyboard does collect anonymous usage statistics (eg: which actions are used most often, no. of seconds saved using its innovating features, which features are used more etc.) without identifying you and without transmitting your queries to our servers. These statistics help us improve the user experience of the keyboard.


ReBoard App

The ReBoard app collects anonymous app usage statistics and crash reports. All data is anonymous and is only used to fix bugs, crashes, and improve the app.


Third-party Services

ReBoard lets you use various third-party services like: YouTube search, eBay search, Pocket etc. Some or all of those services may be collecting your IP addresses or your searched queries as per their respective terms of use. You can refer to their respective privacy policies on their websites to know more. ReBoard doesn't transmit your queries or any personal information to our servers.


What about the Apple third-party keyboard warning message when allowing full access?

When you allow full access in the settings under "Add new keyboard" tab, a warning message stating "full access allows the developer to transmit anything you type, including things you have previously typed with this keyboard. This could include sensitive information such as your credit card number or street address." will pop up. This alert appears when the keyboard is trying to share anything with the encapsulating app.
ReBoard uses that to share the currently selected theme, your settings and to search the Internet when you perform some action. What you type is yours and is never transmitted to our servers. We'll always keep this promise and your keystrokes and private information and identity will never be transmitted to our servers or anywhere on Internet.


Contact

If you have any questions you can contact us from the main menu of the app.
Contact us
Have a question, feedback or issues? Feel free to contact us.
Send Message