UNLOCK GROWTH AT SCALE
The world’s leading travel tech platform, at your service.
Succeed in the evolving universe of travel with tech and solutions designed to elevate the traveler experience and drive growth for your business.
Join us
10M+
average daily visitors across our sites and apps¹
70+
petabytes of first-party data powering our platform²
1B+
average searches per month³
Reach a wealth of travelers
We connect partners with travelers who stay longer, cancel less, and spend more. Access them through our suite of travel brands, our industry-leading tools, and our massive B2B distribution network composed of over 60K businesses around the globe.⁴
Distribute your inventory
Advertise with us
Leverage tech built for your business
We deliver industry-leading tech capabilities designed to create more personalized experiences that match the right travelers with the right products — all while helping you tap into new revenue streams.
Build your travel experience
Explore our affiliate program
Understand what travelers want
Travelers’ preferences are constantly evolving. Access the latest traveler trends and industry insights to create data-backed strategies to achieve your goals with clarity and confidence.
Explore resources
View research & insights
Explore solutions  by industry
Our solutions can help any business — of any size — across a wide range of industries enter, succeed, and thrive in the universe of travel.
Hotels
Vacation rentals
Airlines
Destinations
Travel agencies
Cruises
Car rentals
Financial institutions
Activities
42%
increase in room nights booked across both resorts⁵
Read the case study
34%
increase in loyalty member vacation package revenue over five months⁶
Read the case study
~40%
week-on-week sales increase⁷
Read the case study
Rewarding experiences for travelers. Growth for your business.
One Key™ accelerates demand by giving travelers flexibility to earn and use rewards across Expedia.com, Hotels.com, and Vrbo. The best part? Expedia Group funds the OneKeyCash that travelers spend at no additional cost to you.
Discover One Key
Catch us live at upcoming events!
Meet with Expedia Group at these upcoming events and get excited as we prepare for EXPLORE 25.
View all events
The travel industry blog you've been waiting for
Get ahead of the competition with data-driven industry insights, expert interviews, partner success stories, and more.
Read the blog
"Harnessing Expedia Group’s robust technology enables our partners to enhance the traveler’s journey and turbocharge their own growth. Together, our partnerships build a stronger path forward in the travel industry."
Ariane Gorin
CEO of Expedia Group
Hear more from Ariane
Your success story starts here
Partner with us today.
Join us
Trusted by top brands in travel and beyond
Our partners include some of the most recognizable brands in the world. When you join Expedia Group, you’ll be in great company.
¹Expedia Group internal data, 2023, identified and anonymous visitors
²Expedia Group internal data, 2023
³Expedia Group internal data, 2023, identified and anonymous visitors
⁴Expedia Group internal data, 2024
⁵Expedia Group internal data, 2021
⁶Expedia Group and Hawaiian Airlines data, 2021-2022
⁷Expedia Group internal data