Polarr Privacy Policy
Last Updated: February 15, 2022
Polarr provides a variety of different digital offerings including but not limited to websites, mobile
applications for photo and video editing tools, photo and video filter creation tools and a
community for users to share their creations with each other.
Our Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) is designed to help you understand how we collect, use
and share your personal information and to assist you in exercising the privacy rights available
to you.
SCOPE
This Privacy Policy applies to personal information processed by us in our business, including
on our websites, mobile applications, and other online or offline offerings (collectively, the
“Services”).
I.
PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
The categories of personal information we collect depend on whether you are a customer, user,
applicant or visitor, and the requirements of applicable law.
Information You Provide to Us.
Account Creation:
You may use some of Polarr’s Services and features without creating an
account. If you choose to create a user account, we may collect information from you
including your name, email address, phone number, user name, and password. If you
choose to subscribe to our Services or purchase from us, we will also collect your payment
information. Note that we do not receive or store your payment information on our
systems—this information goes directly to our payment processor.
Your Communications with Us
.  We collect personal information from you such as email
address, phone number, or mailing address when you request information about our
Services, register for our newsletter, request customer or technical support, apply for a job
or otherwise communicate with us.
Surveys
.  We may contact you to participate in surveys. If you decide to participate, you
may be asked to provide certain information which may include personal information.
Social Media Content
.  We may offer forums, blogs, or social media pages.  Any content
you provide on these channels will be considered “public” and is not subject to privacy
protections.
Registration for Sweepstakes or Contests
.  We may run sweepstakes and contests.
Contact information you provide may be used to reach you about the sweepstakes or
contest and for other promotional, marketing and business purposes, if permitted by law.  In
some jurisdictions, we are required to publicly share information about winners.
Information Collected Automatically or From Others
Automatic Data Collection
.  We may collect certain information automatically when you
use the Services.  This information may include your Internet protocol (IP) address, user
settings, MAC address, cookie identifiers, mobile carrier, mobile advertising and other
unique identifiers, details about your browser, operating system or device, location
information, Internet service provider, pages that you visit before, during and after using the
Services, information about the links you click, and other information about how you use the
Services.  Information we collect may be associated with accounts and other devices.
In addition, we may automatically collect data regarding your use of our Services, such as
the types of content you interact with and the frequency and duration of your activities.  We
may combine your information with information that other people provide when they use our
Services, including information about you when they tag you.
Cookies, Pixel Tags/Web Beacons, Analytics Information, and Interest-Based
Advertising technologies.
We, as well as third parties that provide content, advertising, or
other functionality on the Services, may use cookies, pixel tags, local storage, and other
technologies (“Technologies”) to automatically collect information through the Services.
Technologies are essentially small data files placed on your computer, tablet, mobile phone,
or other devices that allow us and our partners to record certain pieces of information
whenever you visit or interact with our Services.
Cookies
.  Cookies are small text files placed in visitors’ computer browsers to store
their preferences.  Most browsers allow you to block and delete cookies.  However, if
you do that, the Services may not work properly.
Pixel Tags/Web Beacons
.  A pixel tag (also known as a web beacon) is a piece of
code embedded in the Services that collects information about users’ engagement
on that web page.  The use of a pixel allows us to record, for example, that a user
has visited a particular web page or clicked on a particular advertisement.
Analytics
.  We may also use Google Analytics, Firebase, Snowploy, and other service
providers to collect information regarding visitor behavior and visitor demographics on our
Services. For more information about Google Analytics or any of these services, please visit
each service’s website. You can opt out of Google’s collection and processing of data
generated by your use of the Services by going to
http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
.
Other tools we use may have the opt out option available to you as well. Please refer to their
website for more information.
Information from Other Sources.
We may obtain information about you from other
sources, including through third party services and organizations to supplement information
provided by you.  For example, if you access our Services through a third-party application,
such as an app store, a third-party login service, or a social networking site, we may collect
information about you from that third-party application that you have made public via your
privacy settings.  Information we collect through these services may include your name, your
user identification number, your user name, location, gender, birth date, email, profile
picture, and your contacts stored in that service.  This supplemental information allows us to
verify information that you have provided to us and to enhance our ability to provide you with
information about our business, products, and Services.
II.
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION.
We use your information for a variety of business purposes, including to:
Fulfill our contract with you and provide you with our Services, such as:
Managing your information and accounts;
Providing access to certain areas, functionalities, and features of our Services;
Communicating with you about your account, activities on our Services and policy
changes;
Undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of a service or device;
Processing your financial information and other payment methods for products or
Services purchased;
Providing advertising, analytics and marketing services;
Processing applications and transactions; and
Allowing you to register for events.
Analyze and improve our Services pursuant to our legitimate interest, such as:
Detecting security incidents, protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal
activity, and prosecuting those responsible for that activity;
Measuring interest and engagement in our Services and short-term, transient use, such
as contextual customization of ads;
Undertaking research for technological development and demonstration;
Researching and developing products, services, marketing or security procedures to
improve their performance, resilience, reliability or efficiency;
Improving, upgrading or enhancing our Services or device;
Developing new products and Services;
Ensuring internal quality control;
Verifying your identity and preventing fraud;
Debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality;
Enforcing our terms and policies; and
Complying with our legal obligations, protecting your vital interest, or as may be required
for the public good.
Provide you with additional content and Services
, such as:
Furnishing you with customized materials about offers, products, and Services that may
be of interest, including new content or Services;
Auditing relating to interactions, transactions and other compliance activities; and
Other purposes you consent to, are notified of, or are disclosed when you provide
personal information.
Automated profiling.
We may use technologies considered automated decision making or
profiling.  We will not make automated decisions about you that would significantly affect you,
unless such a decision is necessary as part of a contract we have with you, we have your
consent, or we are permitted by law to use such technology.  You may escalate any concerns
you have by contacting us below.
Use De-identified and Aggregated Information.
We may use personal information and other
data about you to create de-identified and aggregated information, such as de-identified
demographic information, de-identified location information, information about the computer or
device from which you access our Services, or other analyses we create.
Share Content with Friends or Colleagues.
Our Services may offer various tools and
functionalities.  For example, we may allow you to provide information about your friends
through our referral services.  Our referral services may allow you to forward or share certain
content with a friend or colleague, such as an email inviting your friend to use our Services.
Face and Facial Landmark Data.
We do not, under any circumstances transfer or otherwise
use your face and/or facial landmark data for anything other than locating your face and facial
landmark in the photo or video editing process.
How We Use Automatic Collection Technologies.
We, as well as third parties that provide
content, advertising, or other functionality on the Services, may use cookies, pixel tags, local
storage, and other technologies to automatically collect information through the Services.  Our
uses of these Technologies fall into the following general categories:
Operationally Necessary
. This includes Technologies that allow you access to our
Services, applications, and tools that are required to identify irregular site behavior,
prevent fraudulent activity and improve security or that allow you to make use of our
functionality;
Performance Related
.  We may use Technologies to assess the performance of our
Services, including as part of our analytic practices to help us understand how our
visitors use the Services;
Functionality Related
.  We may use Technologies that allow us to offer you enhanced
functionality when accessing or using our Services.  This may include identifying you
when you sign into our Services or keeping track of your specified preferences, interests,
or past items viewed;
Advertising or Targeting Related
.  We may use first-party or third-party Technologies
to deliver content, including ads relevant to your interests, on our Services or on
third-party sites.
Cross-Device Tracking
.  Your browsing activity may be tracked across different
websites and different devices or apps.  For example, we may attempt to match your
browsing activity on your mobile device with your browsing activity on your laptop.  To do
this our technology partners may share data, such as your browsing patterns,
geo-location and device identifiers, and will match the information of the browser and
devices that appear to be used by the same person.
Notice Regarding Third Party Websites, Social Media Platforms and Software
Development Kits.
The Services may contain links to other websites, and other websites may
reference or link to our website or other Services.  These other websites are not controlled by
us.  We encourage our users to read the privacy policies of each website and application with
which they interact.  We do not endorse, screen or approve and are not responsible for the
privacy practices or content of such other websites or applications.  Visiting these other
websites or applications is at your own risk.
Our Services may include publicly accessible blogs, forums, social media pages, and private
messaging features.  By using such Services, you assume the risk that the personal information
provided by you may be viewed and used by third parties for any number of purposes.  In
addition, social media buttons such as Instagram, Facebook, and Twitter (that might include
widgets such as the “share this” button or other interactive mini-programs) may be on our site.
These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may
set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly.  These social media features are either
hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our site.  Your interactions with these features apart
from your visit to our site are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
We may use third party application programming interfaces (“APIs”) and software development
kits (“SDKs”) as part of the functionality of our Services. APIs and SDKs may allow third parties
including analytics and advertising partners to collect your personal information for various
purposes including to provide analytics services and content that is more relevant to you.  For
more information about our use of APIs and SDKs, please contact us as set forth below.
III.
DISCLOSING YOUR INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES.
Except as provided below, we do not disclose your personal information.
We have not sold consumers’ personal information in the preceding 12 months.
Service Providers.
We may share any personal information we collect about you with our
third- party service providers.  The categories of service providers (processors) to whom we
entrust personal information include: IT and related services; information and services; payment
processors; customer service providers; and vendors to support the provision of the Services.
Business Partners.
We may provide personal information to business partners with whom we
jointly offer products or services.  In such cases, our business partner’s name will appear along
with ours.
Affiliates.
We may share personal information with our affiliated companies.
Advertising Partners.
Through our Services, we may allow third party advertising partners to
set Technologies and other tracking tools to collect information regarding your activities and
your device (e.g., your IP address, mobile identifiers, page(s) visited, location, time of day).  We
may also combine and share such information and other information (such as demographic
information and past purchase history) with third party advertising partners.  These advertising
partners may use this information (and similar information collected from other websites) for
purposes of delivering targeted advertisements to you when you visit third party websites within
their networks.  This practice is commonly referred to as “interest-based advertising” or “online
behavioral advertising.  We may allow access to other data collected by the Services to share
information that may be useful, relevant, valuable or otherwise of interest to you.  If you prefer
not to share your personal information with third party advertising partners, you may follow the
instructions below.
Disclosures to Protect Us or Others.
We may access, preserve, and disclose any information
we store associated with you to external parties if we, in good faith, believe doing so is required
or appropriate to: comply with law enforcement or national security requests and legal process,
such as a court order or subpoena; protect your, our or others’ rights, property, or safety;
enforce our policies or contracts; collect amounts owed to us; or assist with an investigation or
prosecution of suspected or actual illegal activity.
Disclosure in the Event of Merger, Sale, or Other Asset Transfers.
If we are involved in a
merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, purchase
or sale of assets, or transition of service to another provider, then your information may be sold
or transferred as part of such a transaction, as permitted by law and/or contract.
International Data Transfers.
You agree that all information processed by us may be
transferred, processed, and stored anywhere in the world, including but not limited to, the United
States or other countries, which may have data protection laws that are different from the laws
where you live.  We have taken appropriate safeguards to require that your personal information
will remain protected and require our third-party service providers and partners to have
appropriate safeguards as well.  Further details can be provided upon request.
IV.
YOUR CHOICES.
General.
You have certain choices about your personal information. Where you have consented to the
processing of your personal information, you may withdraw that consent at any time and prevent
further processing by contacting us as described below.  Even if you opt out, we may still collect
and use non- personal information regarding your activities on our Services and for other legal
purposes as described above.
Email and Telephone Communications.
If you receive an unwanted email from us, you can use the unsubscribe link found at the bottom
of the email to opt out of receiving future emails.  Note that you will continue to receive
transaction-related emails regarding products or Services you have requested.  We may also
send you certain non-promotional communications regarding us and our Services, and you will
not be able to opt out of those communications (e.g., communications regarding the Services or
updates to our
Terms
or this Privacy Policy).
We process requests to be placed on do-not-mail, do-not-phone and do-not-contact lists as
required by applicable law.
Mobile Devices.
We may send you push notifications through our mobile application.  You may at any time opt
out from receiving these types of communications by changing the settings on your mobile
device.  We may also collect location-based information if you use our mobile applications.  You
may opt-out of this collection by changing the settings on your mobile device.
“Do Not Track.”
Do Not Track (“DNT”) is a privacy preference that users can set in certain web browsers.
Please note that we do not respond to or honor DNT signals or similar mechanisms transmitted
by web browsers.
Cookies and Interest-Based Advertising.
You may stop or restrict the placement of Technologies on your device or remove them by
adjusting your preferences as your browser or device permits.  The online advertising industry
also provides websites from which you may opt out of receiving targeted ads from data partners
and other advertising partners that participate in self-regulatory programs.  You can access
these and learn more about targeted advertising and consumer choice and privacy, at
www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp
,
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
,
https://youradchoices.ca/choices/,
and
www.aboutads.info/choices/.
To separately make choices
for mobile apps on a mobile device, you can download DAA’s AppChoices application from your
device’s app store.  Alternatively, for some devices you may use your device’s platform controls
in your settings to exercise choice.
Please note you must separately opt out in each browser and on each device.  Advertisements
on third party websites that contain the AdChoices link may have been directed to you based on
information collected by advertising partners over time and across websites.  These
advertisements provide a mechanism to opt out of the advertising partners’ use of this
information for interest-based advertising purposes.
Your Privacy Rights.
In accordance with applicable law, you may have the right to:
Access to/portability of personal information
about you consistent with legal
requirements.  In addition, you may have the right in some cases to receive or have your
electronic personal information transferred to another party.
Request correction
of your personal information where it is inaccurate or incomplete.
In some cases, we may provide self-service tools that enable you to update your
personal information or we may refer you to the controller of your personal information
who is able to make the correction.
Request deletion
of your personal information, subject to certain exceptions prescribed
by law.
Request restriction of or object to
processing of your personal information, including
the right to opt in or opt out of the sale of your personal information to third parties, if
applicable, where such requests are permitted by law.
If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us as set forth below.  We will
process such requests in accordance with applicable laws.  To protect your privacy, we will take
steps to verify your identity before fulfilling your request.
V.
DATA RETENTION.
We store the personal information we receive as described in this Privacy Policy for as long as
you use our Services or as necessary to fulfill the purpose(s) for which it was collected, provide
our Services, resolve disputes, establish legal defenses, conduct audits, pursue legitimate
business purposes, enforce our agreements, and comply with applicable laws.
VI.
SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATION.
We take steps to ensure that your information is treated securely and in accordance with this
Privacy Policy.  Unfortunately, no system is 100% secure, and we cannot ensure or warrant the
security of any information you provide to us.  To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law,
we do not accept liability for unintentional disclosure.
By using the Services or providing personal information to us, you agree that we may
communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues
relating to your use of the Services.  If we learn of a security system’s breach, we may attempt
to notify you electronically by posting a notice on the Services, by mail or by sending an e-mail
to you.
VII.
CHILDREN’S INFORMATION.
The Services are not directed to children under 13 (or other age as required by local law), and
we do not knowingly collect personal information from children. If you learn that your child has
provided us with personal information without your consent, you may contact us as set forth
below.  If we learn that we have collected any personal information in violation of applicable law,
we will promptly take steps to delete such information and terminate the child’s account.
VIII.
OTHER PROVISIONS.
SUPERVISORY AUTHORITY.
If you are located in the European Economic Area or the UK, you have the right to lodge a
complaint with a supervisory authority if you believe our processing of your personal information
violates applicable law.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY.
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time at our sole discretion.  If there are any
material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you as required by applicable law.  You
understand and agree that you will be deemed to have accepted the updated Privacy Policy if
you continue to use the Services after the new Privacy Policy takes effect.
IX.
CONTACT US.
If you have any questions about our privacy practices or this Privacy Policy, or if you wish to
submit a request to exercise your rights as detailed in this Privacy Policy, please contact us
here
.
X.
IMPORTANT INFORMATION REGARDING EUROPE
This section applies to individuals in the European Economic Area and the United Kingdom.
Controller: Polarr, Inc. is the controller of the personal data that we have about you and can be
reached at: 75 E Santa Clara St. STE 900, San Jose, CA 95113 or through email.
Your rights. You may ask us to take the following actions:
Access. Provide you with information about our processing of your personal data
and give you access to it.
Correct. Update or correct inaccuracies in your personal data.
Delete. Delete your personal data.
Export. Export a machine-readable copy of your personal data that you can use
with a different service.
Restrict. Restrict the processing of your personal data.
Object. Object to our reliance on our legitimate interests as the legal basis of processing your
personal data if that processing adversely impacts your legal rights.
To request one of these actions, contact us. We may request information from you to help us
confirm your identity and process your request. Applicable law may require or permit us to
decline your request. If we decline your request, we will tell you why, subject to legal restrictions.
Marketing emails. You can always opt out of our marketing emails by following the unsubscribe
prompt in the message. You may still receive administrative or other non-marketing messages.
Legal bases. We generally process your personal data on the following legal bases:
Contractual necessity. You have entered a contract with us and we need to use some of
your personal data to provide services you have requested or take steps that you
request prior to providing services. For example, we cannot create an account for you if
you do not provide required information like your email address or phone number. If you
do not provide information indicated as required or mandatory within our service, or that
is otherwise necessary to provide a requested service or feature within the service, it will
not be available to you.
Compliance with law. We may have to process or share your personal data to comply
with legal obligations, such as to comply with a subpoena or legal process.
Legitimate interests. We process your personal data for purposes that constitute our
legitimate interests, such as fraud prevention and safety; protecting our, your or others’
property rights; exercising or defending legal claims; investigating violations of and
enforcing our
Terms of Service;
analyzing and improving our services; and marketing
and advertising.
Consent. In some cases, we may process your personal data based on your consent,
such as where we request access to data on your mobile device through the prompts in
your device’s operating system. Where we rely on your consent you have the right to
withdraw it anytime in the manner indicated at the time consent is requested.
Updates. Privacy laws are undergoing significant changes in Europe and we may need to
further update our Privacy Policy as laws take effect and regulators provide additional guidance.
While we will always notify you of any material updates, we encourage you to revisit our Privacy
Policy from time to keep current with any changes.
Questions, concerns, complaints. If you have any questions or concerns, please contact us. In
addition, you can always submit a complaint to your data protection regulator.
XI.
IMPORTANT INFORMATION FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
Scope. This addendum supplements our Privacy Policy and applies only to California residents
and the Personal Information we collect about them as a “business,” as defined under the
California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”). For purposes of this section, “Personal
Information” has the meaning given in the CCPA but does not include information exempted
from the scope of the CCPA. Additionally, this section does not apply to information we collect
from you in the course of communicating with you in your capacity as an employee, controlling
owner, director, officer or contractor of an organization (i.e., company, partnership, sole
proprietorship, non-profit or government agency) while we are providing or receiving products or
services to or from, or performing due diligence on, that organization.
Collection, use and disclosure of your Personal Information. For each category of data
described above in Section 1 and Section 2 of this Privacy Policy, the following list describes the
corresponding statutory categories of Personal Information specified by the CCPA in California
Civil Code § 1798.140(o), the sources of that Personal Information, and the
business/commercial purposes for collecting that Personal Information, as further described in
Section 1 and Section 2:
Information you provide us directly (such as name, e-mail
address, payment/billing information, correspondence you
send to us, your photos and other User Content)
CCPA category:
identifiers; financial information;
online identifiers; visual information
Sources:
you
Purposes:
to operate, maintain, and provide to
you the features and functionality of the Service
and our business
Information from third parties (such as information about your
use of a third party service like Facebook)
CCPA category:
identifiers; online identifiers
Sources:
third parties
Purposes:
for functionality related to the specific
third party; for example, you can log-in to the
Service with Facebook and post your User
Content to your social media platforms
Data about others (such as another person’s phone number
that you submit to us through our invitation service)
CCPA category:
identifiers; online identifiers
Sources:
you
Purposes:
to operate, maintain, and provide the
invitation service
Metadata (such as data about how, when, where, and by
whom a piece of User Content was collected and how that
content has been formatted)
CCPA category:
internet or network information
Sources:
you
Purposes:
to operate, maintain, and provide to
you the features and functionality of the Service;
to communicate with you; to send Service-related
communications
Analytics information (such as traffic and usage information
for the Service)
CCPA category:
commercial information; internet
or network information
Sources:
automatic collection
Purposes:
understand and improve the Service
Cookies and similar technologies (which reveal information
such as how you use the Service)
CCPA category:
commercial information; internet
or network information
Sources:
automatic collection
Purposes:
enable log-ins; enhance your
navigation on our site; allow us or our business
partners to track usage of the Service; save
information you previously entered; personalize
your experience on the Service; monitor and
provide support for the Service; comply with the
Digital Millennium Copyright Act; provide
interest-based advertising on other sites
Software development kit information (which reveals
information regarding your use of the Service)
CCPA category:
commercial information; internet
or network information
Sources:
automatic collection
Purposes:
allow us, our business partners,
service providers or advertising partners to
understand and improve the Service; track usage
of the Service; personalize your experience on
the Service; monitor and provide support for the
Service; comply with the Digital Millennium
Copyright Act; provide interest-based advertising
on other websites or services
Log file information (such as your web request, IP address,
browser type, referring / exit pages and URLs, and how you
interact with the Service)
CCPA category:
internet or network information;
online identifiers
Sources:
automatic collection
Purposes:
operate, maintain, and provide to you
the features and functionality of the Service; save
information you previously entered; personalize
your experience on the site and Service; monitor
and provide support for the Service; enhance
your navigation on the Service; comply with the
Digital Millennium Copyright Act; provide
interest-based advertising on other websites or
services
Clear gifs/web beacons information
CCPA category:
internet or network information;
online identifiers
Sources:
automatic collection
Purposes:
track how you interact with our site
and communications to report on and improve
the Service; save information you previously
entered; personalize your experience on the
Service; monitor and provide support for the
Service; enhance your navigation on the Service;
comply with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act;
provide interest-based advertising on other
websites or services
Device identifiers
CCPA category:
internet or network information;
online identifiers
Sources:
automatic collection
Purposes:
enhance your log in and navigation on
the Service; save information you previously
entered; personalize your experience on the
Service; monitor and provide support for the
Service; comply with the Digital Millennium
Copyright Act; provide interest-based advertising
on other websites or services
Location Data (such as your GPS coordinates or similar
information)
CCPA category:
geolocation data; internet or
network information
Sources:
automatic collection
Purposes:
operate, maintain, and provide to you
the features and functionality of the Service; save
information you previously entered; personalize
your experience on the Service; monitor and
provide support for the Service; enhance your
navigation on the Service; comply with the Digital
Millennium Copyright Act; provide interest-based
advertising on other websites or services
We describe the categories of third parties to whom we disclose your
Personal Information in Section 3 of our Privacy Policy (DISCLOSING
YOUR INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES.). We may draw inferences
about user preferences and behavior from the information described above
when analyzing it and use them to deliver and improve the Service. We
may also use and share the information described above as otherwise
described in this Privacy Policy. The foregoing describes our practices for
the 12 months preceding the ‘last updated’ date at the top of this Privacy
Policy.
California ‘Do Not Sell My Personal Info’ Notice. Like many companies
online, we use advertising services that use information collected from
cookies and similar technologies to try to make the ads you see on other
websites more relevant to your interests. This is called interest-based
advertising. See the section of our Privacy Policy entitled
Cookies, Pixel
Tags/Web Beacons, Analytics Information, and Interest-Based Advertising
technologies
for details. Although we do not sell your information to these
companies for money, our use of these services may constitute a “sale” of
Personal Information from which you have the right to opt-out for purposes
of the CCPA. You can opt-out of the use of your information for
interest-based advertising by:
Browser settings. Blocking third party cookies in your web
browser settings.
Privacy browsers/plug-ins. Using privacy browsers or
ad-blocking browser plug-ins that let you block advertising
trackers.
Ad industry tools. Opting-out of interest-based ads from
companies participating in the following industry opt-out
programs:
Network Advertising Initiative:
NAI Opt Out
Digital Advertising Alliance:
Opt-out (
optout.aboutads.info
),
which will allow you to opt-out of
interest based ads served by on
websites by participating members.
AppChoices mobile app (available at
https://www.youradchoices.com/app
choices
), which will allow you to
opt-out of interest-based ads in
mobile apps served by participating
members.
Mobile settings. Using your mobile device settings to limit use
of the advertising ID associated with your mobile device for
interest-based advertising purposes.
We recommend that you take all of these steps if you want to prevent
collection of your information for interest-based ads. You will need to apply
these opt-out settings on each device from which you wish to opt-out. Not
all companies that serve interest-based ads participate in these opt-out
programs, so even after opting-out, you may still receive cookies and
interest-based ads from other companies. If you opt-out, you will still see
advertisements online but they may be less relevant to you.
Your right to information, access and deletion. You have the following
rights under the CCPA:
Information. You can request the following information about
how we have collected and used your Personal Information
during the past 12 months:
The categories of Personal Information that we
have collected.
The categories of sources from which we
collected the Personal Information.
The categories of third parties with whom we
share the Personal Information.
The categories of Personal Information that we
sold or disclosed for a business purpose.
The categories of third parties to whom the
Personal Information was sold or disclosed for a
business purpose.
The business or commercial purpose for
collecting and/or selling Personal Information.
Access. You can request a copy of the Personal Information
that we have collected about you during the past 12 months.
Deletion. You can ask us to delete the Personal Information
that we have collected from you.
Nondiscrimination. You are entitled to exercise the rights
described above free from discriminatory treatment prohibited
by the CCPA.
You may submit a request to exercise your right to information, access or
deletion by contacting us
here
. We reserve the right to confirm your
California residency to process these requests and will need to confirm
your identity. Government-issued identification may be required. You may
designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf by
providing a valid power of attorney or other proof of authority acceptable to
us in our reasonable discretion. Government-issued identification may be
required for both the requester and the authorized agent. We cannot
process your request if you do not provide us with sufficient information to
allow us to understand and respond to it. As email is not a secure
communication channel, you should not email government-issued
identification to us. In certain cases we may decline your request as
permitted by law.
Questions. If you have any questions or concerns, please submit a
request
here
.