Home
Corporate information
Using our website
Web privacy
Using our website
Web privacy
Online security and safety
Accessibility
Guest Wi-Fi
Copyright and disclaimer
Page Content
​​​Web privacy statement
​The
Privacy Act 1988
defines personal information as meaning information or an opinion about an identified individual, or an individual who is reasonably identifiable: whether the information or opinion is true or not; and whether the information or opinion is recorded in a material form or not.
This website is managed by the Department. We take our obligation to protect your privacy seriously.
The
Privacy Act 1988
is the key law designed to protect your rights and prevent misuse of your personal information collected by government agencies such as this department.
Also, information received by us is protected from unauthorised use and disclosure by virtue of specific provisions in the
Migration Act 1958
,
Crimes Act 1914
,
Public Service Act 1999
and the
Public Service Regulations 1999
.
A breach of these laws might incur criminal and/or civil liability.
We might collect personal information from you when you visit this site. You can generally visit this site without telling us who you are, unless you choose to provide such information.
Our website contains links to other sites. We are not responsible for the content and the privacy practices of other websites and we encourage you to read each sites privacy policy.
Security of information
We operate under the
Protective Security Framework
published by the Department of Home Affairs, which provides direction on our information security management policies​.
The PSPF ensures that:
all official information is safeguarded to ensure its confidentiality, integrity, and availability by applying safeguards so that:
only authorised people, using approved processes, access information
information is only used for its official purpose, retains its content integrity, and is available to satisfy operational requirements
information is classified and labelled as required.
all information created, stored, processed, or transmitted in or over government information and communication technology (ICT) systems is properly managed and protected throughout all phases of a systems life cycle, in accordance with the protocols and guidelines set out in the PSPF, which includes the Australian Government Information Security Manual, produced by the Australian Signals Directorate.
Site visit data
A record of each visit to our site is logged. Information is recorded for statistical purposes and is used by us to monitor the use of the site, discover what information is most and least accessed and to make the site more useful.
The information we log when you access our website includes:
your IP or server address
the date and time of your visit to the site
the pages or files accessed by you
your operating system
your web browser version and type
the time taken to transmit the information to you
the previous internet address from which you were referred to our website.
The information we collect is analysed to show broken links on our website, bottlenecks, and other site problems. We use this information to maintain the site for efficient use.
We might also collect information about the IT device you use. This information could be used to identify you to assist us to carry out our functions and activities.
Cooki​es
We use cookies for maintaining contact with a user through a website session. An explanation of what cookies are and how they work can be found at the site of the
Privacy Commissioner
. Cookies allow us to recognise the sequence of connections from browsers as they access our website.
We use two cookie types - session cookies and persistent cookies.
Session cookies
These files are used only for the duration of a web browser session with our website. All cookies will be immediately removed when you end your internet session or shut down your computer. Our copy of your information will be automatically deleted twenty minutes after you have last used our system.
This information is only used to help you use our website systems more efficiently, not to track your movements through the internet, or to record your personal information.
Persistent cookies
These files stay in one of your browser subfolders until you delete them manually or your browser deletes them based on the duration period contained within the persistent cookie’s file (usually beyond the termination of the current session).
No personal information is stored within cookies used by our website. No attempt will be made to identify anonymous users or their browsing activities unless we are legally compelled to do so.
Qualtrics
We use Qualtrics, a third party software supplier, to administer online surveys to help us improve our services.
Access to survey response data is tightly controlled and restricted to nominated Departmental personnel.
Data collected by Qualtrics is securely collected and managed onshore in Australia in accordance with their
privacy statement
and
cookie statement
.
Further information
You can find more information on the
Privacy Commissioners website
.
You can also view our
Privacy Policy
for more information about how we manage the personal information we collect and the information flows associated with that personal information.
If at any time you believe we have not adhered to the principles referred to in this privacy statement, contact us through our
online form.
The Privacy Officer will only respond to queries on privacy matters. Enquiries about other matters will not be answered.​​
​​​​​​​
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.oaic.gov.au/:
We use cookies on this site
We use cookies to analyse traffic and to improve your browsing experience on our website. To find out more, read our
privacy policy
.
Close
Skip to main content
We’re the independent national regulator for privacy and freedom of information.
We promote and uphold your rights to access government-held information and have your personal information protected.
Make a privacy complaint
Report a data breach
Apply for an Information Commissioner review
Learn about ...
Privacy
Freedom of information
Consumer Data Right
Guidance on privacy and developing and training generative AI models
What is a notifiable data breach?
Tips to protect your My Health Record
Privacy impact assessment register assessment program
Guidance on privacy and the use of commercially available AI products
View all privacy
Freedom of Information Practitioners’ Survey 2024
What is freedom of information?
How to make a freedom of information request
Information Publication Scheme
Australian Government freedom of information statistics
View all freedom of information
Consumer Data Right Privacy Safeguard Guidelines
What is the Consumer Data Right?
Consumer Data Right privacy and security
How to make a Consumer Data Right complaint
Guide to developing a Consumer Data Right policy
View all Consumer Data Right
Latest news
OAIC’s support for national footprint
The OAIC is Australia’s national privacy and information access regulator.
Published
6 March 2025
Senate estimates opening statement February 2025
Read the opening statement tabled by Australian Information Commissioner Elizabeth Tydd with the Legal and Constitutional…
Estimates
Published
26 February 2025
OAIC accepts Oxfam Australia enforceable undertaking
Privacy Commissioner Carly Kind has accepted an enforceable undertaking offered by Oxfam Australia.
Data breach
Enforcement
Privacy
Published
20 February 2025
View all latest news
Did you find this helpful?
Yes
No
We'd love to hear more!
Please tell us more
Rate your experience
We'd love to hear more about your rating
What did you come here to do?
How can we improve this information?
⨯
Share
Facebook
Twitter
Linkedin
Sub-policy 1
https://www.qualtrics.com/privacy-statement/:
Skip to main content
QUALTRICS PRIVACY POLICY
SEE OUR PRIVACY SNAPSHOT
Qualtrics, the world’s No. 1 Experience Management (XM®) provider and creator of the XM category, is changing the way organizations manage and improve the four core experiences of business—customer, employee, product, and brand. Over 17,500 organizations around the world are using Qualtrics to listen, understand, and take action on experience data (X-data)—the beliefs, emotions, and intentions that tell you why things are happening, and what to do about it. The Qualtrics XM Platform® is a system of action that helps businesses attract customers who stay longer and buy more, engage employees who build a positive culture, develop breakthrough products people love, and build a brand people are passionate about. To learn more, please visit qualtrics.com.
Qualtrics’ data protection officer can be reached at privacy@qualtrics.com.
This Privacy Policy explains how we handle the personal information of business customer representatives, website visitors, and other users in connection with our websites and services.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to personal information that we process on behalf of our customers, such as information collected using the Qualtrics XM Platform®. We process that information as instructed by our customers, in our capacity as a service provider/data processor, in accordance with the terms of our customer agreements. Last Updated: 17 April, 2024.
Personal Information We Collect
Personal information you provide:
Contact details and account information
, such as your first and last name, organization name, mailing address, email address and phone number.
Financial and payment information
, such as your costs, sales, and royalty earnings, as well as your bank account, billing or other financial information, and transaction history, in order to facilitate payments to or by you.
Communications
that we exchange with you, such as when you contact us with questions, feedback or otherwise.
Marketing data
such as your preferences for receiving our marketing communications and details about your engagement with them.
Automatic data collection.
We, our service providers and our business partners may automatically log and combine information about you, your computer or mobile device, and your interaction over time with the services, online resources and our communications, including:
Device data
such as your computer’s or mobile device’s operating system type and version, manufacturer and model, browser type, screen resolution, device type (e.g., phone, tablet), IP address, unique identifiers (including identifiers used for advertising purposes), language settings and general location information such as city, state or geographic area.
Online activity data
such as pages or screens you viewed, how long you spent on a page or screen, the website you visited before browsing to the services, navigation paths between pages or screens, information about your activity on a page or screen, access times, duration of access and whether you have opened or otherwise engaged with our communications, such as our marketing emails or clicked links or files within them.
IP Address Collection.
When a Qualtrics’ customer sends a survey to an individual, Qualtrics may collect IP addresses from survey respondents. The purpose of collecting this information is to prevent and protect against fraud and malicious activity, and to ensure the security of the website, app or cloud service of Qualtrics.
Session Replay.
Qualtrics may capture data to create a replay of your sessions when you use the Qualtrics website. This technology will record how you interact with and use the Qualtrics website to help us understand how individuals use our website, to improve user experience, and improve our products and services. We will not capture IP addresses, and we mask your text input. No third parties are used in connection with session replay.
We collect this information using cookies and other similar technologies. For more information, please visit our
Cookie Statement
.
Information we obtain from other sources:
Social media information
. We may maintain pages on social media platforms, such as Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram. When you visit or interact with our pages on those platforms, you or the platforms may provide us with information through the platform.
Other sources
. We may obtain personal information from other third parties, such as marketing partners, publicly available sources and data providers.
Information we obtain from call recordings:
We may record and store certain telephone conversations as part of our operations and to ensure the quality of our services. These call recordings enable us to review and evaluate customer interactions, enhance customer support, and train our employees to provide better assistance. We may record the call, use technologies to create call scripts and analyze the call to create follow-up actions and/or gauge customer satisfaction and sentiment. These call recordings are primarily used for the following purposes:
Monitoring and improving the quality of our services
Resolving any disputes or inquiries
Training our employees to enhance customer support
Maintaining accurate and comprehensive records of your interactions with us
How We Use Personal Information
We use personal information for the following purposes or as otherwise described at the time of collection:
To provide our services
. We use personal information to operate, maintain, and provide you with our services, including to facilitate payments. In particular, we use personal information to perform our contractual obligations under our
Terms of Service
or other valid agreement between Qualtrics and your company.
To communicate with you about our services
. It is in our legitimate business interests to use personal information to respond to your requests, provide customer support, and communicate with you about our services, including by sending announcements, updates, security alerts and support and administrative messages.
To improve, monitor, personalize, and protect our services
. It is in our legitimate business interests to improve and keep our services safe for our users, which includes:
understanding your needs and interests, and personalizing your experience with the services and our communications, including:
troubleshooting, testing and researching and keeping the services secure; and
investigating and protecting against fraudulent, harmful, unauthorized or illegal activity.
For research and development
. We may use personal information for research and development purposes in our legitimate business interests, including to analyze and improve the services and our business. As part of these activities, we may create or use aggregated, de-identified or other anonymized data from personal information we collect. We make personal information into anonymized data by removing information that makes the data personally identifiable to you. We may use this anonymized data and share it with third parties for our lawful business purposes, including to analyze and improve the services and promote our business. We do not attempt to reidentify anonymized data.
For marketing and advertising
. We, our service providers, and our third-party advertising partners may collect and use personal information for the following marketing and advertising purposes:
Direct marketing. We may send you direct marketing communications as permitted by law, including by email. You may opt out of our marketing communications as described in the Opt-out of marketing communications section below.
Interest-based advertising. We may engage third-party advertising companies, such as Google, to display our ads on their online services. We may also share information about our users with these companies to facilitate advertising for our services to them or similar users on other online platforms. For more information, or to understand your choices, please visit our
Cookie Statement
.
Except where consent is required, we undertake such marketing and advertising on the basis of our legitimate business interests. Where we seek your consent, you may withdraw your consent at any time.
For compliance and protection
. We may use personal information to comply with legal obligations and to defend ourselves against legal claims or disputes, including to:
protect our, your or others’ rights, privacy, safety or property (including by making and defending legal claims);
audit our internal processes for compliance with legal and contractual requirements and internal policies;
enforce the terms and conditions that govern the services;
prevent, identify, investigate and deter fraudulent, harmful, unauthorized, unethical or illegal activity, including cyberattacks and identity theft; and
comply with applicable laws, lawful requests and legal processes, such as to respond to subpoenas or requests from government authorities.
To train our artificial intelligence tools
. We may process personal information using artificial intelligence (AI) technologies including generative AI, and we use this information for training machine learning models, natural language processing, large-language models and other relevant AI use-cases.
How We Disclose Personal Information
We may disclose personal information to the following entities:
At your direction
. We may disclose personal information to third parties as directed by you.
Service providers
. Companies and individuals that provide services on our behalf or help us operate the services or our business (such as hosting, information technology, customer support, email delivery and website analytics services).
Professional advisors
. Professional advisors, such as lawyers, auditors, bankers and insurers, where necessary in the course of the professional services that they render to us.
Business transferees
. Acquirers and other relevant participants in business transactions (or negotiations for such transactions) involving a corporate divestiture, merger, consolidation, acquisition, reorganization, sale or other disposition of all or any portion of the business or assets of, or equity interests in, Qualtrics (including, in connection with a bankruptcy or similar proceedings).
Advertising partners
. Third-party advertising companies, including for the interest-based advertising purposes described above, may collect information on the website through cookies and other automated technologies.
Authorities and others
. Law enforcement, government authorities and private parties, as we believe in good faith to be necessary or appropriate for the compliance and protection purposes described above.
We do not sell personal information, nor have we done so in the preceding 12 months
. However, we do, and have in the past 12 months, shared certain personal information with advertising partners that display targeted advertisements to users around the web (as indicated in the Privacy Snapshot linked above). We do not have actual knowledge that we sell or share personal information of individuals under 16 years of age.
Privacy Rights and Choices
Opt-out of marketing communications.
You may opt out of marketing-related emails and other communications by using the unsubscribe link found at the bottom of any marketing emails you have received. If you’re still having trouble accessing the subscription center, contact success@qualtrics-marketing.com. Please note, you may continue to receive services-related and other non-marketing operational emails.
Online tracking opt-out.
You can opt out of certain first and third-party cookies as described in our Cookie Statement.
Personal information requests.
We also offer you choices that affect how we handle the personal information that we control. Depending on your location and the nature of your interactions with our services, you may be entitled to request the following in relation to personal information:
Information
about how we have collected, used and disclosed personal information. We have made this information available to you without having to request it by including it in this Privacy Policy.
Access
to a copy of the personal information that we have collected about you. Where applicable, we will provide the information in a portable, machine-readable, readily usable format.
Correction
of personal information that is inaccurate or out of date.
Deletion
of personal information that we no longer need to provide the services or for other lawful purposes.
Opt out of sharing of your personal information
with advertising partners that display targeted advertisements, as described in our
Cookie Statement
or by clicking Your Privacy Choices on the footer of our website.
Additional rights,
such as to
object
to and request that we
restrict
our use of personal information.
To exercise your data protection rights, other than to opt out of sharing with advertising partners, please complete this
Privacy Request Form
and fill out the relevant details to start the identity verification process. Alternatively, you can direct your request to privacy-dsr@qualtrics.com. To exercise your right to opt out of the sharing of your personal information with advertising partners, please click on Your Privacy Choices in the footer of our website.
When contacting us via the Privacy Request Form or email, please indicate the following details: your full name, your country and state of residence and the right(s) you wish to exercise. If you are located in the State of California, you can also call toll-free using the numbers provided
here
. Depending on where you reside, you may be entitled to empower an “authorized agent” to submit requests on your behalf. We will require authorized agents to confirm their identity and authority, in accordance with applicable laws. You are entitled to exercise the rights described above free from discrimination.
Limits on your privacy rights and choices.
In some instances, your choices may be limited, such as where fulfilling your request would impair the rights of others, our ability to provide a service you have requested, or our ability to comply with our legal obligations and enforce our legal rights. If you are not satisfied with how we address your request, you may submit a complaint by contacting us at privacy@qualtrics.com. Depending on where you reside, such as if you reside in the European Economic Area or United Kingdom, you may have the right to complain to a data protection regulator where you live or work, or where you feel a violation has occurred.
In addition, you may have the right to appeal our decision regarding a request related to these rights by contacting us at privacy@qualtrics.com. When you launch an appeal, we will need to collect information necessary to securely process your appeal.
Other Sites and Services
Our services may contain links to websites and other online services operated by third parties. In addition, our content may be integrated into web pages or other online services that are not associated with us. These links and integrations are not an endorsement of, or representation that we are affiliated with, any third party. We do not control websites or online services operated by third parties, and we are not responsible for their actions. This Privacy Policy does not apply to such third-party sites or services.
Security
We use reasonable organizational, technical and administrative measures designed to protect against unauthorized access, misuse, loss, disclosure, alteration and destruction of personal information we maintain. Unfortunately, data transmission over the Internet cannot be guaranteed as completely secure. Therefore, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of personal information.
Children’s Privacy
Our services are not intended for use by children under 16 years of age or the equivalent minimum age in the relevant jurisdiction. If we learn that we have collected personal information through the services from a child under 16 without the consent of the child’s parent or guardian as required by law, we will take commercially reasonable steps to delete it.
International Data Transfers
We may transfer personal information to our affiliates and third parties, including service providers, in jurisdictions other than the jurisdiction you are located in. Please note that such jurisdictions may not provide the same protections as the data protection laws in the country where you reside.
When we engage in cross-border data transfers, we will ensure that relevant safeguards are in place to afford adequate protection for personal information and we will comply with applicable data protection laws, in particular by relying on an EU Commission or UK government adequacy decision or on contractual protections for the transfer of personal information, including the EU Standard Contractual Clauses.
Retention of Personal Information
Where required under applicable laws, we retain personal information only for as long as is necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected and processed, in accordance with our retention policies, and in accordance with applicable laws and regulatory obligations or until you withdraw your consent (where applicable).
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal information, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of personal information, the purposes for which we use personal information and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal and regulatory requirements.
Job Applicants
When you visit the
Careers
portion of the website, when you apply for a role at Qualtrics, and/or when you interact with the Qualtrics recruitment team, we collect the information that you provide to us in connection with your job application. This includes but is not limited to business and personal contact information, professional credentials and skills, educational and work history and other information of the type that may be included in a resume. This may also include diversity information that you voluntarily provide. We will process such information in accordance with this entire Privacy Policy. In addition, we use this information on the basis of our legitimate business interests to facilitate our recruitment activities and process employment applications, such as by evaluating a job candidate for an employment activity, to monitor recruitment statistics and to respond to surveys. We may also use this information to provide improved administration of the services and as otherwise necessary (i) to comply with relevant laws or to respond to subpoenas or warrants served on us, (ii) to protect and defend ours or others’ rights or property, (iii) in connection with a legal investigation and (iv) to investigate or assist in preventing any violation or potential violation of the law, this Privacy Policy or our Terms of Use (or other valid agreement between Qualtrics and your company).
EU-US Data Privacy Framework, Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework, and the UK Extension to the EU-US Data Privacy Framework
Qualtrics LLC complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-US DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF (UK-US DPF), and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-US DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce (collectively, the DPF). Qualtrics LLC has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the DPF with regard to the processing of personal information received from the European Union, the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) and Switzerland in reliance on the DPF. While Qualtrics complies with the DPF, Qualtrics does not transfer personal data pursuant to the DPF and continues to rely on EU Commission or UK government adequacy decisions or on contractual protections for the transfer of personal information, including the EU Standard Contractual Clauses. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the DPF Principles, the DPF Principles shall govern to the extent applicable to the personal data at issue. To learn more about the DPF program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
. The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Qualtrics LLC’s compliance with the DPF. In accordance with the DPF, Qualtrics LLC is liable for onward transfers to third parties that process personal information in a way that does not follow the DPF unless Qualtrics LLC was not responsible for the event giving rise to any alleged damage.
Independent Recourse Mechanism
Qualtrics LLC commits to refer DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of personal information. If you have any inquiries or complaints about our handling of your personal information received in reliance on the DPF, or about our privacy practices generally, please contact us at: privacy@qualtrics.com. We will respond to your inquiry promptly.
If you have an unresolved complaint concerning our handling of personal information received in reliance on the DPF that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S. based independent third-party dispute resolution provider, the International Centre for Dispute Resolution – American Arbitration Association (ICDR-AAA) (free of charge) at
https://go.adr.org/dpf_irm.html
. If neither Qualtrics nor the ICDR-AAA resolves your complaint, you may, in certain cases, pursue binding arbitration through the DPF Panel. To learn more about the DPF Panel, visit here.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time. If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you and take any other steps required by applicable law.
How to Contact Us
Responsible entity.
Qualtrics, LLC is the entity responsible for the processing of personal information under this Privacy Policy (as a controller, where provided under applicable law).
Contact us.
If you have any questions or comments about this Policy or our privacy practices, please contact us by email at privacy@qualtrics.com or write to us at 333 W River Park Drive, Provo, Utah 84604, USA, marking for the attention of the Legal team.
EEA and UK Representative Contact Information.
For users in the EEA, we have appointed Qualtrics Ireland Limited, at One Clarendon Row, Dublin 2, Ireland, as our EU data representative, and QUL Technologies Limited, at 5 New Street Square, London, United Kingdom, EC4A 3TW as our UK data representative. You can contact our EU and UK representatives at the addresses above or alternatively at privacy@qualtrics.com.
Request Demo
First Name *
Please enter your first name.
Last Name *
Please enter your last name.
Company *
Please enter your company name.
Job Title *
Please enter your job title.
Business Email
*
Please enter a valid business email address.
Phone Number *
Please enter a valid phone number.
-- select an option --
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo, The Republic of the
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Croatia
Curaçao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Côte d'Ivoire
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Eswatini
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Holy See (Vatican City State)
Honduras
Hong Kong, China
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Lao People's Democratic Republic
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao, China
Macedonia, North
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestine
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Romania
Russia, excluding Crimea
Rwanda
Réunion
Saint Barthélemy
Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin (French part)
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Sint Maarten (Dutch part)
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
South Korea
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan, China
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine, excluding Crimea
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela
Viet Nam
Virgin Islands, British
Virgin Islands, U.S.
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Åland Islands
;
Country *
Please select your country.
Please type your inquiry here...
By submitting this form, you agree to receive marketing information from Qualtrics as set out in our
Terms of Service
&
Privacy Statement
. You may unsubscribe at any time.
Yes, I would like to receive marketing communications regarding Qualtrics products, services, and events
Please indicate that you are willing to receive marketing communications.
By providing this information, you agree that we may process your personal data in accordance with our
Privacy Statement
By submitting I agree to Qualtrics'
Terms of Service
&
Privacy Statement
Submit
Request Demo
Step
/
2
*
First Name:
*
Alternate First Name:
*
Last Name:
*
Alternate Last Name:
*
Email Address:
*
Company Name:
*
Job Title:
*
Phone Number:
*
Country:
*
Num Employees:
*
Lead Comments:
*
Form Checkboxes:
*
Marketing Opt-In:
*
Privacy Opt-in:
*
Verified:
*
Job Level:
*
Partner Consent:
*
Salutation:
*
Job Function:
Submit
This site uses cookies and related technologies, as described in our privacy statement, for purposes that may include site operation, analytics, enhanced user experience, or advertising. You may choose to consent to our use of these technologies, or manage your own preferences.
Manage Cookie Preferences
Accept all & continue
Cookie Settings
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Social Media Cookies
These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content on your social media networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools.
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are visited most and least often and see how visitors move around the site. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. These are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalization. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-policy 2
https://www.homeaffairs.gov.au/access-and-accountability/our-commitments/privacy:
Skip to navigation
Skip to main content
Loading
​
​
Select language
Language Unavailable
English
​
Published
Home
Corporate information
Our commitments
Privacy
Privacy
Explaining and reviewing decisions
Privacy Impact Assessment Register
Page Content
​​The
Privacy Act 1988
(Privacy Act) is concerned with your personal information. The rules governing how we deal with your personal information are contained in a set of Australian Privacy Principles (APPs). Below is a summary of our practices and procedures regarding access to and correction of personal information. Additional information can be found in our
privacy policy
.
The Privacy Act also requires the department to notify an individual of certain matters when we collect personal information about them.
Form 1442i
is the notification of those matters.
The temporary skilled visas data matching program with the ATO
This data matching program has been developed to assist the Department of Home Affairs more effectively detect and deal with compliance risks in the temporary skilled visa program. For more information see
The temporary skilled visas data matching program with the Australian Taxation Office
.
Data quality
We take steps to ensure that the personal information we collect is  accurate, up-to-date and complete. These steps include correcting personal  information that is inaccurate, out-of-date, incomplete, irrelevant or  misleading when it is reasonable to do so.
Regular audits and quality inspections are conducted to ensure the  accuracy and integrity of information is checked regularly and any systemic  data quality issues are identified and resolved promptly.
Access to personal information
Individuals can access information about themselves in departmental  documents (other than exempt documents) under the
Privacy Act 1988
or
Freedom  of Information Act 1982
(FOI Act).
An individual can seek to obtain original documents or copies of personal  information by approaching us. ​​
For more information, refer to
How to make a FOI request
Corrections of personal information
Individuals can seek to amend or annotate their personal information.  How we amend or annotate a record depends on a number of circumstances.
Australian citizens
Australian citizens seeking to change their personal information on their  evidence of Australian citizenship such as name or date of birth should apply to
Change a citizenship certificate
with the required documents and fee in accordance with instructions on the form.
ImmiCard holders and changes under FOI and Privacy Acts
Requests to change biographic details on an ImmiCard (name or date of birth)  can be made by completing an
ImmiCard  amendment request
. Applicants will need to attach official documentary  evidence and/or an Australian Government issued Change of Name or Marriage Certificate to support the requested change.
We will consider issuing a new ImmiCard with amended biographic details following  assessment of the online request and the evidence provided. The request might be  referred to a case manager for an identity assessment as part of the visa  process.
Non Australian citizens (permanent and temporary visa holders) with  supporting documentation
Where an individual has official documentation in support of an amendment or  correction, such as a passport or Australian Government issued Change of Name  or Marriage Certificate, they should submit their request in writing using
Form  1022 - Notification of Change in Circumstance
or
Form 1023 -  Notification of Incorrect Answers
.
The form can be submitted through IMMIaccount or sent to the nearest departmental office together with high-resolution  scans (600dpi) of certified documentary evidence to support the identity  change. The change can be actioned by the authorised case officer or relevant  visa processing area.
Where the change is not supported by documented evidence
Where an individual’s request is not supported by official documentary  evidence, and a decision is made under the Privacy Act to refuse access, the  individual can apply under the FOI Act to amend or annotate their personal  records. For more information, refer to
How to make a FOI request
.
Under the legislation that governs it, we do not have any power to ‘create’ a  new identity, including where a person chooses to change their name.   Under Australian law, the State and Territory Registrars of Births,  Deaths and Marriages (RBDM) are the responsible authorities for preferred name  changes.
Privacy Impact Assessment Register
In accordance with s 15(1) of the Australian Government Agencies Privacy Code (the Privacy Code), the Department is required to maintain a
Privacy Impact Assessment (PIA) Register
of all PIAs completed since 1 July 2018.
Feedback and review bodies​
Global feedback unit
If you want to provide us with feedback about our service, complete an
online feedback form
or write to:
The Manager
Global Feedback Unit
GPO Box 241
Melbourne Vic. 3001
Australia
Australian Information Commissioner
The Office of the Australian Information Commissioner handles complaints from the public into how an organisation or agency handles your personal information.
You can make a complaint to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner if your personal information has been mishandled. You can make a complaint directly to the OAIC rather than to us, however it is likely that the OAIC would recommend that you try to resolve the complaint directly with us in the first instance.
The Office of the Australian Information Commissioner has the power to undertake an investigation based on a complaint or can also initiate an own motion investigation into the actions of the department.
If you are unsure how to make a complaint to the
Office of the Australian Information Commissioner
, you can contact their office and they will provide appropriate assistance.
The Privacy Commissioner
If you are not happy with how we handled your personal information, you can contact the
Privacy Commissioner
.
Telephone:
1300 363 992 (local call charge)
Email:
privacy@privacy.gov.au
​
pop-up content starts
Cancel
pop-up content ends
pop-up content starts

Back
Search
Popular searches
Your previous searches
pop-up content ends