Games
Apps
Movies
Books
Kids
V380 Pro
Guangzhou Hongshi information Technology Co., Ltd
Contains ads
In-app purchases
3.2
star
149K reviews
info
10M+
Downloads
PEGI 3
info
Install
Share
Add to wishlist
Through "V380 Pro" video monitoring service, you can easily view live stream and replay of apartments,villas,stores,factories,working offices and so on；through "V380s Pro" alarming service,you can receive any abnormal message of places you concern.
[Remote Monitoring] Viewing video on App remotely,know what is going on at home anywhere anytime.
[Voice Talkback] Voice Talkback anywhere,as if you are at home.
[Device Sharing] Share the device with your family,view together,more at ease.
[Motion Trajectory Tracking] Automatically capture motion trajectory,real time tracing shooting alarm,more intuitive.
[Motion Detection Alarm] Instant alarm and picture capturing on abnormal situation,view what happened on recordings,guard your security.
[Cloud recording Service] Videos reserved on cloud,do not have to worry about device loss or damage,highly encrypted data,convoys your information security.
Updated on
Feb 17, 2025
Tools
Safety starts with understanding how developers collect and share your data. Data privacy and security practices may vary based on your use, region, and age. The developer provided this information and may update it over time.
No data shared with third parties
Learn more
about how developers declare sharing
No data collected
Learn more
about how developers declare collection
Data is encrypted in transit
You can request that data be deleted
See details
phone_android
Phone
laptop
Chromebook
tablet_android
Tablet
3.2
146K reviews
5
4
3
2
1
I initially had it set up and it worked but after moving house I cannot connect it again. I've tried factory reset, two different WiFi modems and deleting and reinstalling the app. I'm sitting two feet from the modem right now and have tried all four options to connect and none are working. I would not recommend. So many better options available now.
8 people found this review helpful
Guangzhou Hongshi information Technology Co., Ltd
February 6, 2023
Hi, we have received your feedback. You can also refer to the FAQ in the Profile interface of the APP to know more details about the device. More technical support please email v380technical@gmail.com
Add an option to your app that let the user pick a specific date to review. An option to input the year, months and date, not the current one that needs to scroll back. Whenever the camera goes offline and the current date messed up, you have to scroll decades back to default year 1970 by months!!! FIX IT
76 people found this review helpful
Guangzhou Hongshi information Technology Co., Ltd
October 16, 2024
Hi, we have received your feedback. You can also refer to the FAQ in the Profile interface of the APP to know more details about the device. More technical support please email v380technical@gmail.com .
This app needs a serious kick up the back side. The options are minimal, there's not alot you can do on it. Motion sensor works then get stuck facing oblivion. The light once turned on knocks on every 2 seconds and i get notification if the breeze is blowing outside. The play back is woeful also. If i could use a different app for the camera i bought i would.
9 people found this review helpful
See all reviews
1. Optimized the preview screen of the triple View device and added a Vertical multi-screen preview mode to provide a more flexible visual experience.
2. Added the function of completing camera APN settings through sound waves, making the operation more convenient.
3. Fixed some known issues.
flag
Flag as inappropriate
public
Website
email
Support email
v380technical@gmail.com
shield
Privacy Policy
About the developer
广州市宏视信息技术有限公司
v380technical@gmail.com
中国
广东省广州市
番禺区东环街番禺大道北555号天安总部中心22号楼201室之三
邮政编码: 510000
+852 4413 7949
YI IoT
Kami HK
3.5
star
DMSS
Hangzhou CE-soft Technology Co., Ltd.
4.3
star
Hik-Connect - for End User
Hik-Connect
4.7
star
EZVIZ
EZVIZ Inc.
4.5
star
Guarding Vision
Guarding Expert
4.4
star
LG ThinQ
LG Electronics, Inc.
4.1
star
flag
Flag as inappropriate