April 19, 2016
App Privacy Policy
Last Update: Sep 2022
Our philosophy is to keep your data as private and as secure as our own data.
We use MoneyCoach in our daily lives, so we care a lot about our data too.
All these data are used for analytical purposes, in order to provide you with a better and personalized experience.
MoneyCoach is designed to protect your information and enable you to choose what you share.
MoneyCoach collects information about the way you use the app, such as what screens do you open the most, the time you spend on them, only the number of accounts you have, what type of default settings do you choose. This
detailed list
contains more information of what we collect and how we do use it.
MoneyCoach uses this information to ensure and provide new services and features that will improve your app usage and make the entire experience more enjoyable.
You can opt out of the use of this data for this purpose, as described below. In order to opt out, just go to the "Settings" screen, then About Us and then under "Privacy Policy" you will find the toggle to disable analytics.
In order to maximize the quality of your experience and to use the highest data security practices, we use third-party SDKs for the data processing, more specifically Google Firebase. You can read more information about how they process the data here:
Google Firebase:
https://firebase.google.com/support/faq/
Before using MoneyCoach applications you are required to acquaint yourself with the Terms of Use ("Terms") and this Privacy Policy ("Policy"). The Policy forms an integral part of the Terms and all definitions and names shall have the respective meaning defined therein. By downloading, installing, using or otherwise accessing MoneyCoach applications, you are expressing your acceptance and willingness to be bound by the Terms, including the Policy. We refer to all of these products, together with our other services and websites as "Services" in this policy.
This policy also explains your choices about how we use information about you. Your choices include how you can object to certain uses of information about you and how you can access and update certain information about you.
If you do not agree with this policy, do not access or use our Services or interact with any other aspect of our business
.
Service provision
You acknowledge that MoneyCoach ("Provider") may, as a data controller, process your personal data in a scope specified hereunder as necessary for the performance of a contract arising out of these Terms. The purpose of this personal data processing is service provision which includes, but is not limited to, setting up and keeping your MoneyCoach account, ensuring MoneyCoach features and providing support. Minimum scope of your personal data required for a conclusion of a contract with the Provider and setting up and keeping your MoneyCoach account include your language, currency and subscription details. Provision of other personal data is completely voluntary and therefore the scope of the data being processed by the Provider depends mainly on the MoneyCoach features you want to use. As long as you will use the financial tracking and budgeting feature of MoneyCoach the Provider will process your personal financial information (such as incomes, expenses and their details, budgets etc.) based on your input. In case you will use the payment account synchronization feature of MoneyCoach the Provider will process also credentials to access the payment account, transaction details (including, but not limited to amount, description, note, date, and currency) and the payment account details (such as account number, account name, balance, currency, and type of account). In order to get a personalized experience and better financial insights, you can also fill out your MoneyCoach account and let us process your personal data including place of residence, housing situation, education and employment details, property details, and economic situation. You furthermore acknowledge that as a part of the personal data processing for the purpose of service provision the Provider may use profiling to analyze or predict aspects concerning your family status, housing situation, education and employment, property details and economic situation, as well as behaviour in order to deliver you the best personalised experience. This profiling doesn't result in any automated decision-making which would produce legal effects to you or would have similarly significant consequence. All personal data categories mentioned above in this section can be hereinafter referred to as "Personal data". The Personal data will be processed by the Provider for the purpose of service provision until you delete it or until you or the Provider will terminate the Agreement.
Your privacy is important to us, and so is being transparent about how we collect, use, and share information about you.
What information we collect about you
We collect information about you when you provide it to us, when you use our Services, and when other sources provide it to us, as further described below.
Information we collect automatically when you use the Services
MoneyCoach UG, with its registered office at c/o Volkssolidarität e. V. Alte Schönhauser Straße 16, 10119 Berlin, Deutschland ("MoneyCoach" or "Provider") does not collect any personal financial data, such as but not limited to income, expenses, categories, etc. MoneyCoach only collects metadata for analytical purposes, for example, to define our roadmap or to find a way to speed up transaction entry times, if we see that it is taking too long. Or for example to provide you with a list of recommended budgets, based on the most used budget types.
Your data stay on your device and are synced only with your consent through iCloud, where only you can have access to them. Data Sync is provided as a premium feature.
In order to provide personalized support or special offers, MoneyCoach may request your contact data (email, telephone number). You agree that you provide all these data voluntarily. You can optionally subscribe to our newsletter and unsubscribe as well. You agree to provide accurate, truthful and current Personal Data and keep it up to date.
We collect information about you when you use our Services, including browsing our websites and taking certain actions within the Services.
Your use of the Services
: We keep track of certain information about you when you visit and interact with any of our Services. This information includes the features you use; how much you use them.
Device and Connection Information
: We collect information about your phone, tablet, or other devices you use to access the Services. This device information includes your connection type and settings when you install, access, update or use our Services. We also collect information through your device about your operating system, browser type, IP address, URLs of referring/exit pages, device identifiers, and crash data. We use your IP address and/or country preference in order to approximate your location to provide you with a better Service experience.  How much of this information we collect depends on the type and settings of the device you use to access the Services. You can always opt-out of analytics.
Information you provide us
Content you provide through our websites:
The Services also include our websites owned or operated by us. We collect other content that you submit to these websites, which include social media or social networking websites operated by us. For example, you provide content to us when you provide feedback or when you participate in any interactive features, surveys, contests, promotions, sweepstakes, activities or events.
App content you provide us for inspection and debugging:
If you are facing issues using our Services, we may request you to provide us with more information about your data. Since data are stored on your device, it might happen that they can get corrupted, thus making the app behave in an unexpected or unintended way. If we do not resolve the bug or cannot reproduce it, we may request you to provide a copy of your data to test run them on our testing devices. You choose to do so or not, it is up to you. If you want to help us identify and fix your bug faster, you can send a protected copy of the requested files. Please create a password protected zip archive and send it over to us. You can send the password in a separate email after that. After receiving your data, we will anonymize by obfuscating all account names, transaction descriptions, budget names etc. Also, we will multiply the transaction amount with a randomly generated number, so that we cannot see the real value of your transaction. For example, an avocado toast costed you 10 Euros. We multiply it with a totally random number between 1 and 100, and then we get something like 19,235. So we see something like this: "hshkshghd shhs 19,235 Euro".
How we use it
How we use the information we collect depends in part on which Services you use, how you use them, and any preferences you have communicated to us.  Below are the specific purposes for which we use the information we collect about you.
To provide the Services and personalize your experience
: The purpose of collection of your Personal Data lies mainly in setting up and keeping your MoneyCoach account and ensuring current or future features like e.g. server synchronization or sharing information with other users. However, MoneyCoach may also process your Personal Data in order to improve your experience and further develop the MoneyCoach applications, to extract anonymous data and to communicate with you.
For research and development
:  We are always looking for ways to make our Services smarter, faster, secure, integrated, and useful to you.  We use collective learnings about how people use our Services and feedback provided directly to us to troubleshoot and to identify trends, usage, activity patterns and areas for integration and improvement of the Services.  For example, to improve the @mention feature, we automatically analyze recent interactions among users and how often they @mention one another to surface the most relevant connections for users. We automatically analyze and aggregate frequently used search terms to improve the accuracy and relevance of suggested topics that auto-populate when you use the search feature. In some cases, we apply these learnings across our Services to improve and develop similar features or to better integrate the services you use. We also test and analyze certain new features with some users before rolling the feature out to all users.
To communicate with you about the Services
: We use your contact data provided by you to send commercial offers and communication with respect to MoneyCoach, related services or services of business partners associated with MoneyCoach. For example, if you register for our newsletter, we use MailChimp for our email campaigns.
To market, promote and drive engagement with the Services:
We use your contact information and information about how you use the Services to send promotional communications that may be of specific interest to you, including by email and by displaying MoneyCoach ads on other companies' websites and applications, as well as on platforms like Facebook and Google. These communications are aimed at driving engagement and maximizing what you get out of the Services, including information about new features, survey requests, newsletters, and events we think may be of interest to you. We also communicate with you about new product offers, promotions, and contests. You can control whether you receive these communications as described below under "Opt-out of communications."
Customer support
: We use your information to resolve technical issues you encounter, to respond to your requests for assistance, to analyze crash information, and to repair and improve the Services.
For safety and security
: We use information about you and your Service use to verify accounts and activity, to monitor suspicious or fraudulent activity and to identify violations of Service policies.
Support and communication:
The company relies extremely on feedback and user communication. That is why we employ several channels, including but not limited to:
support emails
feedback forum
website chat
Facebook page chat
website contact form
support tickets within the app
opt-in newsletter
app beta testing
Whatsapp support number
On most of these channels, you initialise communication. You can send us a request at any time to delete your personal data, including but not limited to email address and phone number. You can send a support email at
privacy@moneycoach.ai
. Of course, we can only delete the data we collect and we can request the data processors to execute your request.
How we share your information
The Provider may appoint third parties – data processors to perform some of the personal data processing operations, however only for the purposes specified in this Policy, on a basis of written agreement and under statutory conditions. Otherwise, the Provider does not transfer or disclose your Personal Data to any third parties unless you have consented otherwise under this Policy or initiated the disclosure or except as required by the applicable laws. For example, we use Fabric and Google Firebase for app analytics and crash reports, so we can offer you new features and understand app usage.
Sharing your data with other users of MoneyCoach is completely under your control.
You hereby agree that MoneyCoach may use the Personal Data provided by you to send commercial offers and communication with respect to MoneyCoach, related services or services of business partners associated with MoneyCoach. For example, if you register for our newsletter, we use MailChimp for our email campaigns.
Information, correction and deletion
You hereby acknowledge that you are entitled to withdraw your consent for collecting your Personal Data at any time, you have the right to access, correct or discard your Personal Data or remove them if misleading. Furthermore, you are entitled to contact the Provider in writing with any complaint concerning the processing of your Personal Data and, in case of dissatisfaction with the answer, consult the Office for Personal Data Protection of the German Republic.
Your consent to the processing of your Personal Data may only be withdrawn by sending a written notice to the address of MoneyCoach. You can send us a request at
privacy@moneycoach.ai
.
Recipients and transfers to third countries
Data processors being used by the Provider include: - Google Commerce Limited, 70 Sir John Rogerson's Quay, 2 Dublin, Ireland - Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA
For the transfer of personal data to the USA, there is no Commission decision on adequate protection and therefore the transfer is carried out on the basis of appropriate safeguards in the form of standard clauses or "Privacy Shield" certification. A copy of your Personal data can be obtained from the data processors through the Provider.
Your rights
You acknowledge that in relation to the Personal data processing you have the right to access your Personal data. If you find or presume that the Provider or any of data processors is carrying out processing of your Personal data which is in contradiction with the protection of your private and personal life or with the law, you are entitled to contact them with a complaint concerning the processing of your Personal data and ask for explanation and/or require them to remedy the arisen state of affairs, in particular by blocking (from 25. 5. 2018 "restriction of the processing"), rectification, supplementing or liquidation (from 25. 5. 2018 "erasure") of your personal data. You acknowledge that you have also right to object, on grounds relating to your particular situation, to processing based on legitimate interest (service improvement and development), including profiling (from 25. 5. 2018). You furthermore acknowledge that you have also right to object to processing for direct marketing purposes (from 25. 5. 2018). Where you object to processing, the Provider will no longer process your Personal data for the respective purposes. You acknowledge that you have the right to receive your Personal data, which you have provided to the Provider, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and the right to transmit those data to another controller without hindrance from the Provider (from 25. 5. 2018). In exercising this right, you have the right to have your Personal data transmitted directly from the Provider to another controller, where technically feasible. The export feature of Yona allows you to receive your personal financial information data at any time. You acknowledge that you can also contact directly the Office for Personal Data Protection of the German Republic with your complaint.
Delete your data
Personal Data is being processed while you use the MoneyCoach account and until your consent to the processing is withdrawn and the app / apps are completely deleted from your devices. In case you are using Data Sync, you need to delete your data from your iCloud account as well.
MoneyCoach is built with your privacy in mind, that is why you can request us to completely delete everything we collect. On our end, we don't have access to any of your financial data, but we can have your email address or phone number if you contacted us. Just send an email at
privacy@moneycoach.ai
and we will process your inquiry.
The data deletion process has 2 phases: - Data deletion on device & your personal cloud instance - Data deletion manually with a request sent to us
You can delete all your historical financial data by removing the app from your device. Or if you use multiple devices, by removing the app on all devices.
Then you can send a data deletion request and we will remove all your contact data.
Payment information
MoneyCoach does not store or share any of your payment information. If you buy a Premium package or subscription service, everything is processed by the App Store. If the payment is successful, we get a confirmation from the app store servers and unlock the bought package.
Location
Some of the upcoming/existing MoneyCoach features may access and collect your current location data, including GPS coordinates or other similar information regarding the location of your device. Some features of MoneyCoach may not function properly if the use of location data is blocked or disabled.
Technical and Anonymous Data
We collect technical and anonymous data to ensure that the app is crash free and to eliminate all bugs as soon as possible. These data include but are not limited to information about your mobile device and system, internet connection or your use of MoneyCoach applications. The purpose of the collection of technical data is to ensure quality, increase your comfort and further analyze and develop MoneyCoach and related services.
You can opt-out of analytics anytime inside the app.
You also agree that MoneyCoach may anonymize and collect your age and sex data in connection with the data you enter or upload to the MoneyCoach applications and use it for the purpose of anonymous analyses and statistics.
Both, technical and anonymous data, are stored separately from the Personal Data and cannot be linked back to you in any way in order to identify you.
You agree that the anonymous data may be disclosed or sold to third parties, including outside the territory of the European Union.
Data security
Your Personal Data is stored on your devices. MoneyCoach does not have access to them.
However, you agree that in the future MoneyCoach may decide to transfer your Personal Data abroad, including outside the territory of the European Union, and store it and process it with a help of cloud services provided by Amazon, Microsoft or Google.
In that case, your Personal Data is always transferred from you to the servers using secure SSL connections.
You acknowledge, that even MoneyCoach uses all standard security measures, the security of your Personal Data and other information can't be guaranteed.
How to access and control your information
You have certain choices available to you when it comes to your information. Below is a summary of those choices, how to exercise them and any limitations.
Personal financial data. You have total control of your data. You can delete them by deleting the app.
Analytics metadata You can opt-out analytics inside the app, Analytical metadata collected will be deleted automatically after a certain period of time.
Contact information If you subscribed to our newsletter or contacted us via email or via our support system, please send us an email at
privacy@moneycoach.ai
. We will process your request accordingly.
Data security
Your Personal Data is stored and processed automatically in the electronic form on the secure servers with firewall protection and physical security measures. You acknowledge, that even Provider and other data processors use all standard security measures, the security of your Personal Data and other information can't be 100% guaranteed.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
We may change this privacy policy from time to time. We will post any privacy policy changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice by adding a notice on the Services homepages, login screens, or by sending you an email notification. We will also keep prior versions of this Privacy Policy in an archive for your review.  We encourage you to review our privacy policy whenever you use the Services to stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy.
If you disagree with any changes to this privacy policy, you will need to stop using the Services and deactivate your account(s), as outlined above.
Contact Information
Your information is controlled by MoneyCoach UG. If you have any queries relating to the protection and security of your data, please contact us at
privacy@moneycoach.ai
.