Privacy policy
The Grizzly Labs respects your privacy and ensures your data is always protected. By using the Genius Sign application, you consent to the present policy.
Genius Sign works offline and doesn't have any backend. There is very minimal personal data that we handle; it's limited to analytics and it's minimized.
Summary
Your Data
Your data always remains yours. We are not in the business of selling any user data.
Your Documents And Signatures
Your documents and your signatures are never sent to any third-party servers except in the two following cases:
You explicitly choose to export your document (e.g., export by Email, Dropbox, etc.), in which case the document and the embedded data will transit over the network to the chosen destination. Whenever possible, this transit is protected by SSL.
You have iCloud backups set up, in which case the app's whole content is encrypted and backed up to Apple servers.
Location
Some export plugins (e.g.: Evernote) allow you to attach your location to the exported document. If you choose to do so, Genius Sign will find your location and attach it to the export.
Data Controller
The Grizzly Labs SAS — 39 rue de Châteaudun, 75009 Paris, France — determines the data processing and usage made to your data through the use of Genius Sign.
Data Processing
Purpose
Legal basis
Note
Analytics
Legitimate interest
We also collect some fully anonymized usage data. This includes what features users use and how often. We use it to better understand what features we need to improve, refactor, or remove.
Analytics data is kept for 2 years.
Crash analytics
Legitimate interest
We also collect crash data to improve the app's quality. Crash data may include some detailed logs of the user's activity.
Crash data is kept for 1 year.
Your Rights
Under GDPR, you have the following rights that we extend to all users:
Access —
You can obtain access to the personal data held about you.
Rectification —
You can ask for incorrect, inaccurate, or incomplete personal data to be corrected
.
Erasure —
You can request that personal data be erased when it’s no longer needed or if processing it is unlawful.
Restriction of processing —
You can request a restriction on processing your personal data in specific cases.
Data Portability —
You can export your documents from the app anytime.
Objection —
You can object to the processing of your data under certain conditions.
Contact us
to exercise your rights.
Subprocessors
We may share your data with trusted service providers to ensure the functionality of our service. These providers are listed here:
Company
Purpose
Amplitude
Analytics
Sentry
Crash analytics
Storage Location
We store data only in the EU or countries deemed adequate by European regulators (e.g., under EU-US or Swiss-US Privacy Shield frameworks).
Restrictions
Our services and applications are not directed at children. If you are a parent or guardian and believe your child has provided us with personal data without your consent, please contact us as described below, and we will delete such data from our systems.
Changes To This Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
How To Contact Us
If you have any questions about your privacy, please email us at support@thegrizzlylabs.com or visit our website at thegrizzlylabs.com.
If you believe your data protection rights have been violated, you can file a complaint with your local Data Protection Authority.
Updates
Feb 18, 2025: Clarified the overall privacy policy, and changed subprocessors.
June 20, 2024: Clarified that the analytics collection is fully anonymized. Added sections about data protection and data retention.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://help.geniussign.com/category/350-security-and-legal:
Privacy & security
Sort by Default
Sort A-Z
Sort by Popularity
Sort by Last Updated
Privacy policy
What's the legality of a Genius Sign signature?
How can I protect my signature and documents?
Toggle Search
Categories
General
Troubleshooting
Signatures
Import and export
Magic features
Privacy & security
No results found