Shop Frames
Learn More
Carver
£149
Carver Mat
£179
Mason
£189
How it Works
Reviews
Help
Terms of Sale
Terms & Privacy
Privacy Policy
Warranty & Returns
Accessibility
FCC
Open-Source Software
Security
Declaration of Conformity
Contest Rules
PSTI Statement of Compliance
Welcome and thank you for visiting our website. Aura Home, Inc. and its affiliates and subsidiaries (collectively ”
Aura,
” ”we,” ”
us
” or ”
our
”) understand the importance of privacy and information security. This privacy notice (the ”
Privacy Notice
”) describes how Aura collects, uses, and shares your personal data (i.e., information that personally identifies you, as an individual such as your name, phone number, or email address, as well as data that does not directly identify you, but that can reasonably be used to identify you such as the serial number of your Aura frame or other data that can be reasonably used to infer this information).
This Privacy Notice applies to your use of Aura websites, Aura mobile applications, Aura frames and other products, and all other digital and online services provided by Aura (collectively, the ”
Services
”) and describes Aura’s privacy practices and procedures relating to the Services. This Privacy Notice does
not
apply to information collected by Aura offline, or to third-party websites, applications, or services.
FOR INFORMATION ABOUT OUR BIOMETRIC INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USAGE PRACTICES, PLEASE VISIT OUR
BIOMETRIC PRIVACY POLICY
.
Collect and process the personal information you provide to deliver and improve our Services
Communicate with you
Comply with legal requirements
Sell your personal information, including photos, for monetary value
Use photo content for targeted advertising
For a user-friendly list of the most common privacy-related questions, please visit this FAQ:
Aura’s Privacy & Data Collection Practices
.
If you want to know more, please read our full Privacy Policy below.
Aura Home Inc.
148 Lafayette Street, Floor 5
New York, NY 10013
If you have any comments or questions about how we collect and use your personal data, communication can be directed to our postal address, or via email to
privacy@auraframes.com
.
If you are located in the European Union or the EFTA States, you can confidentially contact Aura’s Data Protection Officer at
privacy@auraframes.com
or via
https://auraframes.com/help-request
.
We need to process your personal data to operate our organization and provide you with certain Services. Before accessing, using, or interacting with the Services you should carefully review the terms and conditions of this Privacy Notice. Your use of the Services is further governed by our Terms of Service located at
https://auraframes.com/terms
, which is also incorporated into your agreement with Aura by this reference.
By accepting our Privacy Notice and Terms of Service, you are confirming that you have read and understood these policies, including how and why we use your information. If you don’t want us to collect or process your personal data in the ways described in this Privacy Notice, you should not use the Services.
The Services are not directed to children under the age of 16. You may not use the Services if you are under the age of 16. If you are under the age of 16, you should not provide any information on our Services.
Aura collects information about you and your use of the Services through various means, including when you provide information to us and when we automatically collect information about you when you access, use, or interact with the Services. Such processing is performed to provide you with the Services. In some instances, you may be able to choose what information to provide, but sometimes we require certain information for you to use and for us to provide you the Services.
The data we process is determined by the context in question: For example, it may vary depending on whether you have downloaded and are using our mobile application, been invited to download and use the Aura mobile applications, integrated your Alexa
®
or Google
®
accounts or devices with the Services, submitted an inquiry to our customer service team, or sent us a job application.
We obtain the categories of personal data listed below:
directly
from you; for example, from forms you complete on our website
indirectly
from you; for example, from observing your actions on our website or in our mobile applications
When you download and use our mobile application or use the website app.auraframes.com, we collect and process the following data to improve the Services that we offer to you:
Photographs and videos uploaded by you to the Services (including via linking third-party photo hosting services) and their metadata (dates, locations and other commonly available information)
Metadata that is stored in your connected photo libraries, which includes dates, locations other commonly available photo and video metadata (you may opt-out from this Service, called Smart Suggestions, at any time;
click here for detailed instructions
)
We also collect and process facial geometry information to offer advanced photo recommendations (you may opt-out from this Service, called Smart Suggestions, at any time;
click here for detailed instructions
)
Your name, email, address, phone number, and your Google
®
account information if you signed into Google Photos within the Aura mobile application (we do not have access to your Google password)
Any contact information you provide to Aura to invite other users to contribute to your frame
Information about your Alexa
®
or Google Home device integrated with your Aura frame
The make and model of your mobile phone and/or tablet
The Wi-Fi network name (SSID) used in connection with the mobile application
Analytics and logging data regarding when the mobile application and/or the Aura frame has been used and how they were used so we can provide and improve our services
When you visit our website or use any of our online services, we collect and process the following data:
Name of the Internet service provider
Information on the website you have visited us from
Web browser and operating system used
The IP address assigned by your Internet service provider
Requested files, amount of data transferred, downloads/file export
Information on the pages of our website(s) that you visit, including date and time
Analytics and logging data such as IP addresses and email addresses if you sign up for marketing emails from Aura
When you use an Aura frame, we may collect and process the following data from sensors built into the frame so we can offer certain product features. What we collect depends on the type of Aura frame you are using:
The lux value of ambient light in the room where the Aura frame is located (applies to all Aura models) so that our frames can auto-adjust their brightness levels
Information about movements that occur directly in front of the frame so that users can ‘swipe’ to the next photo or video (applies to Classic, Wood, and Modern models)
Direct touch and close proximity events to support the Aura frame’s touch bar feature via capacitive touch technology (applies to Carver, Gallerie, Mason, Sawyer, and Smith models)
Motion events to detect frame rotation (e.g. from landscape to portrait orientation) and to automatically adjust all photos/videos to the correct orientation occurring near the frame (applies to certain Mason, Sawyer, and Smith models)
If you have been invited to download and use an Aura mobile application, regardless of whether you accept the invitation, we collect and process the following data:
Last name, first name, salutation
Contact data (email address and telephone number)
When you send an inquiry, we collect and process the following data:
Last name, first name, salutation
Contact data (email address and telephone number)
Details on your preferences and interests related to the Aura Services
We also keep track of how you use and interact with certain Services through the use of cookies and other tracking technologies as listed below.
The exact data we collect will depend on how you interact with us. Below we have listed the personal data that we may collect:
Photographs and Related Information:
File Upload:
Aura Users may upload their photographs or videos to Aura frames, the Aura mobile application, and other Aura Services by using the Aura mobile application. You remain in control of which photographs or videos the Aura mobile application may access, using the privacy features offered by your mobile phone operating system. Aura will only upload and store those photographs and videos that you choose to share through the app. Your selected photographs and videos will be stored on our secure servers so that they may be accessed by your frame(s) over the internet.
Metadata:
Aura may access and upload metadata about your photo library to the Aura Services using a feature called Smart Suggestions, which you can easily disable as
explained in this FAQ
. Metadata includes commonly available photo and video information including location and dates. After completing this opt-out process, Aura will only upload to its servers data from those photos / videos that you specifically selected to be displayed on your frame.
Google Photos:
Aura also allows users to connect their Google Photos account to upload photographs from Google Photos to the Services. Aura does not own your photos. Aura will never use your photos for any purpose other than providing you with the Services. Aura will never sell or publish any of your photos without your explicit permission and consent.
Account Registration:
In order to use the Aura mobile and web application and upload photos to an Aura frame you must create a free user account. When you create an account, we collect your name, email, and information about your device, and our app requests your permission to access your photos.
Contact and Device Data:
We collect name, phone number and email address when you fill out a contact form to send an inquiry. We also collect technical information on your device type, hardware, unique device identifiers, time zone settings, IP address, and operating system version, as well as analytics data about how a device uses the Services.
Correspondence Information:
If you sign up for updates from Aura or email us, we may keep your message, email address, and contact information to respond to your requests, provide the requested products or Services, and to provide notifications or other correspondences to you.
If you do not want to receive communications from us in the future, please let us know by sending us an email requesting the same to
privacy@auraframes.com
or by following the unsubscribe instructions found in any email we send. Please note requests to remove your email address from our lists may take some time to fulfill. We may also still contact you as needed to provide important announcements or notifications regarding the Services, including communications related to purchases or other transactions you make with us.
Support Information:
You may provide information to us via a support, warranty replacement or product return request submitted through email or the Services. We will use this information to assist you with your support request and may maintain this information to assist you or other users with support requests. Please do not submit any information to us via a support submission, including confidential or sensitive information that you do not wish for Aura or our Service Providers to have access to or use in the future.
Form Information:
We may use forms to request certain information from you on the Services, such as your contact information to assist with contacts or service requests. This information may include personal data.
Image and Likeness Consent:
By submitting photos or other content to the Services, you consent to the use of your likeness, personal data, and other included information
[for the operation of the Services]
, and you warrant and represent that you have obtained the written consent, release, and/or permission of every identifiable individual who appears in such content to the use of their likeness, personal data, and other included information. This written release must include the right to use such individual’s likeness in the manner contemplated in this Policy and in the Terms of Service. If any identifiable individual is under the age of eighteen (18), you warrant and represent you have obtained such written consent, release and/or permission from that individual’s parents or guardians (and you agree to provide to us a copy of any such consents, releases and/or permissions upon request). If you do not have this release, do not submit the content to Aura or the Services.
Image Recognition:
We use photo-recognition software to analyze the photographs you upload to group the photos by like characteristics, including by grouping photographs that may contain images of the same individuals. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT IMAGE RECOGNITION ANALYSIS WILL BE PERFORMED ON THE PHOTOGRAPHS IN YOUR CONNECTED PHOTO LIBRARIES, AND YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOU HAVE OBTAINED THE INFORMED WRITTEN CONSENT OF THE INDIVIDUALS IN THE PHOTOGRAPHS PERMITTING US TO UTILIZE IMAGE RECOGNITION SOFTWARE ON PHOTOGRAPHS OF THEM. To disable image recognition analysis, please disable our Smart Suggestions Service as explained on this page:
Photo Access and Privacy
. After completing this opt-out process, Aura will delete any existing facial geometry data and Aura will not do any facial geometry analysis or processing on any future uploads.
To opt-out from these automatic metadata uploads, please follow the instructions on this page:
Photo Access and Privacy
. After completing this process, Aura will only upload to its servers data from those photos that you specifically selected to be displayed on your frame and will not do any facial geometry analysis or processing on any of your photos.
This policy defines Aura’s policy for the collection, use, safeguarding, storage, retention, and destruction of biometric identifiers and biometric information (”
Biometric Data
”). It is Aura’s policy to protect, use, and store Biometric Data in accordance with applicable laws including, but not limited to, the Illinois Biometric Information Privacy Act. Aura has instituted the following biometric information privacy policy:
Biometric Identifiers and Information Defined
State and local laws may regulate the collection, use, safeguarding, handling, storage, retention, and destruction of  “biometric identifiers” and “biometric information.” “Biometric identifier” means a retina or iris scan, fingerprint, voiceprint, or scan of hand or face geometry. “Biometric information” means any information, regardless of how it is captured, converted, stored, or shared, based on an individual’s biometric identifier used to identify an individual.
Purpose
For any Aura User who has not disabled the “Smart Suggestions” feature, Biometric Data may be captured, converted, stored, and/or shared through the use of facial geometry analysis. The purpose of the facial geometry analysis is to offer advanced photo recommendations. You may opt out of this service at any time.
Aura will not sell, lease, trade, or otherwise profit from any Aura User’s Biometric Data.
Consent
To the extent that Aura collects, captures, or otherwise obtains Biometric Data relating to an Aura User, Aura Users are provided a written consent electronically for their acknowledgment authorizing Aura to capture, collect, convert, store, share, and use the Aura User’s Biometric Data for the specific purposes disclosed in this policy.
Disclosure
To the extent that Aura collects, captures, or otherwise obtains Biometric Data relating to an Aura User, Aura will not disclose, redisclose, or otherwise disseminate an Aura User’s Biometric Data unless:
the Aura User or Aura User’s legally authorized representative consents to such disclosure  or redisclosure;
the disclosure or redisclosure completes a financial transaction requested or authorized by the Aura User or Aura User’s legally authorized representative;
the disclosure or redisclosure is required by State or federal law or municipal ordinance; or
the disclosure is required pursuant to a valid warrant or subpoena issued by a court of competent jurisdiction.
Retention Schedule
If Smart Suggestions is enabled, Aura processes facial geometry information on the Aura User’s device only from photos to which the user grants Aura access in the Aura User’s connected libraries and photos that the Aura User uploads to the user’s frame.  To the extent that any Biometric Data relating to an Aura User is collected, captured, or otherwise obtained on the Aura User’s device, the Biometric Data will be retained on the Aura User’s device only until the first of the following occurs:
The Aura User disables Smart Suggestions.
The Aura User deletes their Aura account.
The Aura User deletes the Aura Mobile App from their device.
The Aura User logs out from the Aura Mobile App.
Any Biometric Data used by Smart Suggestions on the Aura User’s device is not uploaded to Aura’s servers.  Biometric Data is only stored on the device itself.
Data Storage, Transmission, and Protection
To the extent that Aura collects, captures, or otherwise obtains Biometric Data relating to an Aura User, if any, Aura will store, transmit, and protect the Aura User’s Biometric Data using a reasonable standard of care. Such storage, transmission, and protection from disclosure will be performed in a manner that is the same as or more protective than the manner in which Aura stores, transmits, and protects from disclosure other confidential and sensitive information of Aura and its customers. Aura will require any third-party service provider responsible for security protection of Aura Users’ Biometric Data, if any, to implement and maintain reasonable security procedures and practices. Such Biometric Data, if any, will be destroyed no later than six months from the date that you delete your Aura user account.
Facial Analysis Description and Opt Out Choices
As described in our
Biometric Privacy Policy
, Aura currently uses facial geometry analysis to support various value-add features that may be covered under certain privacy laws.
When active, the facial analysis process only occurs on the user’s phone itself
and no photos will be uploaded to our servers
.
Highlights
An optional app prompt that uses metadata and facial recognition to recommend photos for customers to add to their frame (i.e. “Add more photos of the people you’ve already selected for your frame.”).
We use automatic data collection and analytics technologies to collect aggregate and user-specific information about your equipment, patterns of use, communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Services, including your IP address, browsing, and navigation patterns. This information is used to improve our Services.
Information we collect automatically through your use of the Services includes:
Cookies, Web Beacons, Links, And Other Tracking Technologies:
Aura may keep track of how you use and interact with the Services through the use of cookies, web beacons, links, and other tracking technologies. We do this to help analyze the use of and improve the Services. Through these technologies, we may automatically collect information about your use of the Services and other online activities, including our email correspondences, third-party services, and client applications, and certain online activities after you leave the Services. Link information is generally only analyzed on an aggregate basis. Some Services features may not function properly if you disable cookies. Such data may include analytics information, browser type, operating system, and tracking of your interactions with our content and emails.
The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include:
Cookies (or browser cookies).
A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. We use essential, functional, performance, and marketing cookies for the purposes described below. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser.  However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our Services. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our website unless prohibited by law.
Web Beacons.
Pages of our the website may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit us, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an email and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).
The purposes for which we use first party cookies include:
Purpose
Explanation
Processes
Intended to make the Services work in the way you expect. For example, we use a cookie that tells us whether you have already signed up for an account.
Authentication, Security, and Compliance
Intended to prevent fraud, protect your data from unauthorized parties, and comply with legal requirements. For example, we use cookies to determine if you are logged in.
Preferences
Intended to remember information about how you prefer the Services to behave and look.
Notifications
Intended to allow or prevent notices of information or options that we think could improve your use of the Services. For example, we use a cookie that stops us from showing you the signup notification if you have already seen it.
Analytics
Intended to help us understand how visitors use the Services. For example, we use a cookie that tells us how our search suggestions correlate to your interactions with the search page.
We also partner with third parties to manage our advertising on other sites. Our third-party partners may use cookies, pixels, or similar technologies in order to provide you with advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests.Third-party cookies include essential, functional, performance, and marketing cookies. For more information and choices regarding cookies,
see our cookie banner
.
IP Addresses:
We automatically collect the IP addresses of users of certain Services, such as website visitors, those that log in to the Services, and those who post messages to the communities and forums. We process this information on the basis of our legitimate interests in protecting the Services and providing the Services to you.
Location Information:
Neither the Aura applications nor the Aura frames capture or record location data, but they collect connected Wi-Fi, IP address and Internet service provider information. Note that photos uploaded to the Services will frequently contain location-related metadata (including the GPS location where the photo was taken) and we may use that information to classify photos (for example, by grouping photos taken in a single location).
Advertising Information:
We partner with third parties to manage advertising to you about Aura on other sites. Our third-party partners may use cookies or similar technologies in order to provide you with advertising on other sites based upon your browsing activities and interests. If you have chosen to connect your account to an external third-party application, such as Facebook, or an app developed using the API, you can change your settings and remove permission for the app by changing your account settings. Aura does not use photographs or associated photograph data to target third-party advertising or other marketing to individuals. See the Third-Party Advertisements section below for more information.
Unique Identifiers:
When you use or access the Services, we may access, collect, monitor, store on your device, and/or remotely store one or more “Unique Identifiers,” such as a universally unique identifier (
“UUID”
). A Unique Identifier may remain on your device persistently, to help you log in faster and enhance your navigation through the Services. Some features of the Services may not function properly if use or availability of Unique Identifiers is impaired or disabled.
Analytics Information:
We use data analytics to ensure site functionality and improve the Services. We use mobile analytics software to allow us to understand the functionality of the Services on your phone. This software may record information such as how often you use the Services, what happens within the Services, aggregated usage, performance data, app errors and debugging information, and where the Services were downloaded from. We do not link the information we store within the analytics software to any personally identifiable information that you submit within the mobile application.
Log File Information:
When you use our Services, we may receive log file information such as your IP address, browser type, access times, domain names operating system, the referring web page(s), pages visited, location, your mobile carrier, device information (including device and application IDs), search terms, and cookie information. We receive log file data when you interact with our Services, for example, when you visit our website, sign in to our Services, or interact with our email notifications. Aura uses log file data to provide, understand, and improve our Services, and to customize the content we show you. Aura may link this log file to other information Aura collects about you via the Services.
Meta Pixel Usage:
We incorporate “pixels” provided by Meta Platforms, Inc. on our Websites. This enables us to track user behavior after a user clicks on a Facebook ad and is redirected to our website. By doing so, we can assess the effectiveness of Facebook ads for statistical and market research purposes and sometimes retarget certain users. It is important to be aware that Facebook may associate this information with your Facebook account and utilize it for its own promotional activities, in accordance with
Facebook’s Data Usage Policy
. You have the option to authorize Facebook and its partners to display advertisements on and off Facebook (
see here
). Additionally, a cookie may be stored on your computer for these purposes.
Aura uses the information we receive about you for the purposes described in this Privacy Notice, including:
Providing and Improving Our Services:
We may use your information to improve and customize our Services, including gathering your information for such purposes, and we do so as it is necessary to pursue our legitimate interests of improving our Services for our users. We use your information to organize and catalogue your photos into categories using photo-recognition software. Our collection of your usage data may also be necessary to enable us to pursue our legitimate interests in understanding how our Services are being used and to explore and unlock ways to develop and grow our business. It is also necessary to allow us to pursue our legitimate interests in improving our Services, efficiency, interest in Services for users and obtaining insights into usage patterns of our Services. We use your information to provide and improve the Services and our products, for billing and payments, for identification and authentication, for targeted online and offline marketing including through tools like Facebook Custom Audience and Google Customer Match, to contact users or interested parties, and for general research and aggregate reporting.
Keeping Our Services Safe And Secure:
We may also use your information for safety and security purposes, including sharing of your information for such purposes, and we do so because it is necessary to pursue our legitimate interests in ensuring the security of our Services, including enhancing protection of our community against spam, harassment, intellectual property infringement, crime, and security risks of all kind.
Third-Party Advertisements:
Aura may utilize the services of third-party advertising companies, including Google and others, to serve ads to you when you use other sites across the Internet, including to perform remarketing services. These third parties may collect information about your visits to certain pages of our Services and may use technology like cookies to store information about your use of the Services. The information collected may be reported back to us, and we may link this information to personal data we have collected about you. This information allows us to track which other websites have linked visitors to our Services, what pages of our Services are used by and are of interest to visitors, so we may provide better, more targeted advertising regarding our business and Services. More information about interest-based advertising and similar practices may be available at
http://www.networkadvertising.org/consumer/opt_out.asp
.
Our Legal Bases for Processing Personal Data:
If European data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we process your information for the purposes described in this Privacy notice, based on the following legal grounds:
When we’re providing a product or service
: We process your data to provide and support a product or service you’ve asked for under a contract, including but not limited to delivering our Terms of Service.
When we’re pursuing legitimate interests
: We process your information for our legitimate interests and those of third parties while applying appropriate safeguards that protect your privacy. This means we process your information for things like:
offering and improving our Services
developing new products and features
understanding how our Services are used
performing research that improves our Services for our users and benefits the public
sending you direct marketing and other communications
detecting, preventing or otherwise addressing fraud, abuse, security or technical issues with our Services
maintaining and improving the integrity of our computing systems, and protecting our users’ data security
enforcing legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service
when we’re complying with legal obligations
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so, for example, if we’re responding to a legal process or an enforceable governmental request.
We ask for your consent to process your information for certain specific purposes and give you the right to withdraw that consent at any time.
When we have a legal obligation
: We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so, for example, if we’re responding to a legal process or an enforceable governmental request.
When we obtain your consent
: We ask for your consent to process your information for certain specific purposes and give you the right to withdraw that consent at any time.
When we carry out a contract
: You can choose whether or not you want to use the Services. However, if you want to use the Services, you need to agree to our Terms of Service, which set out the contract between Aura and the users of the Services. We cannot provide many of the Services without your agreement to this contract, and without moving your personal data to Aura entities and Service Providers in various jurisdictions. Therefore certain processing of your personal data is done on the legal basis of processing necessary for the performance of the contract between you, as a user of the Services, and Aura.
When you access or use the Services, we collect, use, share, and otherwise process your personal data as described in this Privacy Notice. Aura will not share, sell, rent, or otherwise disclose your personal data to third parties without your consent or as otherwise disclosed in this Privacy Notice.
Aura will share your information in the following circumstances on the legal basis of the legitimate interests of providing the requested Services:
Within Aura:
We may share and process information internally within Aura and with our subsidiaries and affiliates. Aura’s personnel may have access to your information as needed to provide and operate the Services in the normal course of business. This includes information regarding your use and interaction with the Services.
Authorized Contributors Associated with your Aura Frame:
If you are one of several contributors to an Aura frame, other contributors to that frame will be able to see your email address and access and manage the photos or videos you add to the shared frame.
Service Providers:
Aura works with various organizations and individuals to help provide the Services to you (
“Service Providers”
), such as website and data-hosting companies and companies providing analytics information, like Google Analytics. Aura needs to engage such third-party Service Providers to help us operate, provide, and market the Services. These third parties have only limited access to your information and may use your information only to perform these tasks on our behalf. Information we share with our Service Providers may include both information you provide to us and information we collect about you, including personal data and information from data collection tools like cookies, web beacons, and log files.
Aura takes reasonable steps to ensure that our Service Providers are obligated to reasonably protect your information on Aura’s behalf. If Aura becomes aware that a Service Provider is using or disclosing information improperly, we will take commercially reasonable steps to end or correct such improper use or disclosure.
We share personal data with our Service Providers on the legal basis of Aura’s legitimate interests in providing you with the Services. Our engagement of Service Providers is often necessary for us to provide the Services to you, particularly where such companies play important roles like helping us keep our Services operating and secure. Aura will not share, sell, rent, or otherwise disclose your personal data to third parties without your consent or as otherwise disclosed in this Privacy Notice.
Business Transactions:
Aura may purchase other businesses or their assets, sell our business assets, or be involved in a bankruptcy, merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets (a
“Business Transactions
”). Your information, including personal data, may be among assets sold or transferred as part of a Business Transaction. In some cases, Aura may choose to buy or sell assets. Such transactions may be necessary and in our legitimate interests, particularly our interest in making decisions that enable our organization to develop over the long term.
Safety and Lawful Requests:
We may be required to disclose Services user information pursuant to lawful requests, such as subpoenas or court orders, or in compliance with applicable laws. We generally do not disclose user information unless we have a good faith belief that an information request by law enforcement or private litigants meets applicable legal standards. We may share your information when we believe it is necessary to comply with applicable laws, to protect our interests or property, to prevent fraud or other illegal activity perpetrated through the Services or using Aura name, or to protect the safety of any person. This may include sharing information with other companies, lawyers, agents, or government agencies. Nothing in this Privacy Notice is intended to limit any legal defenses or objections that you may have to a third party’s, including a government’s, request to disclose your information.
Aggregated Non-Personal Data:
We may disclose aggregated, non-personal data received from providing the Services, including information that does not identify any individual, without restriction. Aura may share demographic information with business partners, but it will be aggregated and de-personalized so that personal data is not revealed.
If you are a resident of the European Union, you may have certain rights with respect to your personal data. These rights are standardized in Articles 15 - 22 EU-GDPR. To the extent that these laws apply, you may exercise the following rights:
Right of access (Art. 15 EU-GDPR)
. Note that much of the information you are entitled to know or access is disclosed in this Privacy Notice. With this said, you have the right to know about our information practices. You also have the right to access the categories of data we collect, with whom we share or sell that information, and, in some cases, what specific Personal data we associate with you or your account.
Right of rectification (Art. 16 EU-GDPR)
. You may request that we delete the personal data we have collected about you. Depending on the applicable law, in some cases we are required or permitted to retain your information, even if you validly requested we delete or erase it. Please note if you request erasure, you may be unable to access the Services and that this may be processed by account deletion.
Right to erasure ('right to be forgotten') (Art. 17 EU-GDPR)
. You may request we correct or rectify inaccurate information we have collected about you.
Right to restriction of processing (Art. 18 EU-GDPR)
. If we process your information based on our legitimate interests as explained in this Privacy Notice, or in the public interest, you can object to this processing in certain circumstances. Where we use your data for direct marketing purposes, you can always object using the unsubscribe link in such communications or changing your account settings.
Right to data portability (Art. 20 EU-GDPR)
. If we process your information based on our legitimate interests as explained in this Privacy Notice, you may have the right to restrict processing in certain circumstances.
Right to object to data processing (Art. 21 EU-GDPR)
. If you request a copy of your specific information then we will provide it in an easily accessible format.
To exercise these rights, please contact our Data Protection Officer at
privacy@auraframes.com
.
The same applies if you have any queries on data processing at our company. You also have the right to lodge a complaint directly with the Data Protection Supervisory Authority.
Please note the following in connection with your right to object:
If we process your personal data for the purpose of direct mail, you have the right to object to this form of data processing at any time without giving reasons. This also applies to profiling insofar as it is associated with direct mail.
If you object to data processing for direct marketing purposes, we will no longer process your personal data for these purposes. Exercising your right to object is free of charge and can be carried out informally, ideally by clicking on the “unsubscribe” button offered in any of our marketing emails, or via email to:
privacy@auraframes.com
.
In the event that we process your data to protect legitimate interests, you may object to this type of processing at any time for reasons relating to your particular situation; this also applies to profiling based on these provisions.
We will then no longer process your personal data unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds that outweigh your interests, rights, and freedoms, or the data processing is being used to assert, exercise or defend legal claims.
A withdrawal of consent will not affect the validity of our use of your personal data up until the point you have withdrawn your consent.
Certain laws like the California Privacy Rights Act, the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act, and the Colorado Privacy Act, grant you rights to control your personal information. Although some of these rights apply generally, certain rights will only apply to limited individuals or circumstances. Although some of these rights apply generally, certain rights will only apply to limited individuals or circumstances. To the extent that these laws apply, you may exercise the following rights:
Right to Know and Access Information.
Note that much of the information you are entitled to know or access is disclosed in this Privacy Notice. With this said, you have the right to know about our information practices. You also have the right to access the categories of data we collect, with whom we share or sell that information, and, in some cases, what specific personal data we associate with you or your account.
Right to Data Portability.
If you request a copy of your specific information then we will provide it in an easily accessible format.
Right to Deletion or Erasure.
You may request that we delete the information we have collected about you. Depending on the applicable law, in some cases we are required or permitted to retain your information, even if you validly requested we delete or erase it. Please note if you request erasure, you may be unable to access the Services and that this may be processed by account deletion.
Right to Correct Information.
You may request we correct or rectify inaccurate information we have collected about you.
Right to Opt Out of Targeting Advertising, Sales, or Profiling.
You may opt-out of our use of your personal data for targeted advertising, sales, or profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects, if applicable.
Right to Consent to or Limit the Use of Sensitive Data.
Some residents may have the right to consent to the use of their personal data. California residents have the right to ask that we limit our use and disclosure of any sensitive data to certain purposes permitted by law.
Aura does not sell user data for monetary value.
What can I do if I don’t want to receive targeted advertising?
In line with the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) and the California Privacy Rights Act (CPRA) our US customers can submit a Do-Not-Sell-or-Share-My-Data request to
privacy@auraframes.com
.
To further reduce your general exposure to interest-based advertising, you can use the tools made available by the
Digital Advertising Alliance
and
Network Advertising Initiative
:
https://youradchoices.com/control
https://optout.networkadvertising.org
Cookies
You can reject our optional cookie collection when visiting our site. You can also directly control the cookie settings in your browser by following the instructions provided by the supplier of the browser.  Remember that disabling cookies is browser specific.  If you log on using Safari and disable the cookies, you must also disable cookies in Chrome if you use that browser at a different time:
Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Microsoft Edge
Apple Safari
Please note:
If you want to avoid any Aura advertisements targeted to you based on your information, you’ll want to both clear your cookies (as described above) and contact
privacy@auraframes.com
with a do-not-share-my-data request. Note that opting out of targeted advertising will not prevent advertising partners and agencies from delivering generic ads to your browser, which may include Aura ads.
Email addresses and other user data
Aura uses email addresses and phone numbers (a) to send out marketing emails and text messages and (b) for ad targeting. Aura never sells user information. We do use user information for serving targeted advertisements through partners such as Facebook.
Aura will continue to send you direct email or text message updates and promotions if you have signed up to our marketing newsletters. Simply use the “unsubscribe” option to opt out of emails, and reply “STOP” to opt out of receiving Aura’s text messages
Ad Targeting
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal data over the past 12 months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will disclose to you:
the categories of personal data we collected about you
the categories of sources for the personal data we collected about you
our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal data
the categories of third parties with whom we share that personal data.
the specific pieces of personal data we collected about you (also called a data portability request).
If we sold or disclosed your personal data for a business purpose, two separate lists disclosing:
sales, identifying the personal data categories that each category of recipient purchased; and
disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the personal data categories that each category of recipient obtained.
You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal data that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request your personal data from our records unless an exception applies.
We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our Service Provider(s) to:
complete the transaction for which we collected the personal data, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you
detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities
debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality
exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law
comply with the law, including the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 et. seq.)
engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information’s deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research’s achievement, if you previously provided informed consent
enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us
comply with a legal obligation
make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it
Please note requests to delete or remove your information do not necessarily ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information posted and removed information may persist in backup copies indefinitely. Please note that if you choose to delete your information or opt out of the collection and use of your information, you understand that certain features, including but not limited to access to the Services, may no longer be available to you.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your rights. Unless permitted by law, we will not:
deny you goods or services.
charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.
provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.
suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
We may offer certain benefits in connection with the disclosure of personal information and data associated with your account, or the opportunity to be eligible for certain perks and benefits such as rewards, exclusive offers, and discounts. All benefits are free of charge.
When you participate in these perks and benefits, we will collect and keep the personal information you provide, or that you have previously provided. To enhance your experience, reward you, and provide you with tailored benefits, we may also collect and use the following categories of personal information listed in connection with your accounts, including personal information we have previously collected about you:
Identifiers, including name and email
Online activity information
We collect this information through your interactions, as further detailed in this Privacy Notice. We will also use this information to send you messages about benefits and rewards, and to send you tailored marketing messages.
The benefits to you are reasonably related to our good-faith estimate of the value provided to us by their personal information. The value of personal information to us varies by individual and is related to the value of the rewards and discounts provided to you, minus the costs of providing those benefits.
You may withdraw your participation from any rewards program at any time by following the instructions provided upon enrollment.
California’s “Shine the Light” law (Civil Code Section § 1798.83) permits users of our website that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal data to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to
privacy@auraframes.com
.
If you are a Nevada resident, you may also have certain rights regarding the sale of personal data. Nevada residents may opt out of the future sale of their data to a third party by emailing us at:
privacy@auraframes.com
. Please note, however, that we do not sell any of our customers’ personal data.
You may request access to or correction of your personal information in our custody or control. You may also have the right, in specified circumstances, to object to our use of your personal information, to request the deletion of your personal information or restrict its use, to request a copy of the information you have provided to us to use for your own purposes, to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, or to make a request for the portability of your personal information.
Your rights are subject to applicable legal restrictions and we may take appropriate steps to verify your identity before responding to your request.
Aura seeks to ensure all individuals are provided with the rights mandated by their governing jurisdiction. Not all of the rights discussed in this Privacy Notice will apply to each individual data subject and may not apply to you depending upon your jurisdiction. If you have any additional questions about your rights, please contact us.
To exercise your rights, please email us at
privacy@auraframes.com
. or submit a request through our web form:
https://auraframes.com/help-request
.
When submitting a request, please include your email address, full name, and your specific request.
For requests submitted by email, you must provide enough information that allows us to verify your identity. Only you or your authorized agent may make requests regarding your personal data. An authorized agent must have documentation that they are authorized to act on your behalf.
Aura will fulfill or reject your request within the amount of time required by law. For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your Personal Information that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
If we deny your rights request, you may have the right to request an appeal of our decision. To initiate an appeal, follow the instructions provided in the communication denying your request, or contact us at the information provided in this Privacy Notice.
To access your personal data, please see below.
Aura provides certain tools and settings within the Services to all users to help you access, correct, delete, or modify your personal data associated with the Services. If you need assistance with these services
visit our FAQ
.
Aura will retain your information only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Notice, for as long as an account is active, as described in this Privacy Notice, or as needed to provide the Services to you. Aura will retain and use your information to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your information to comply with applicable tax/revenue laws), resolve disputes, enforce our agreements, and as otherwise described in this Privacy Notice. We also retain log files for internal analysis purposes. These log files are generally retained for a brief period of time, except in cases where they are used for site safety and security, to improve site functionality, or we are legally obligated to retain them for longer time periods. We may delete your personal data from our systems as part of a data retention plan.
Users may opt-out of receiving certain communications from Aura by following the unsubscribe process described in email communication, or by contacting us using the contact information provided above. However, please note you may not opt-out of certain Services-related communications, such as account verification, changes or updates to features of the Services, or technical and security notices.
Aura does not currently employ a process for automatically responding to “Do Not Track” (DNT) signals sent by web browsers, mobile devices, or other mechanisms. Per industry standards, third parties may be able to collect information, including personal data, about your online activities over time and across different websites or online services when you use Services. You may opt out of online behavioral ads at
http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
. You also may limit certain tracking by disabling cookies in your web browser.
The United States, EEA Member States, Canada and other countries all have different laws relating to privacy and data protection. When your information is moved from your home state, province or country to another jurisdiction, the laws and rules that protect your personal data in the country to which your information is transferred may be different from those in the country in which you live. For example, the circumstances in which law enforcement can access personal data may vary from jurisdiction  to jurisdiction. In particular, if your information is in the United States, it may be accessed by government authorities in accordance with U.S. law.
Please be advised that information Aura collects about you via the Services may be transferred, processed and/or accessed by us in the United States, or another country where we, or our Service Providers operate. Please be aware that the privacy laws and standards in certain countries, including the rights of authorities to access your personal data, may differ from those that apply in the country in which you reside. If you are located outside the United States and choose to allow us to collect information about you, please be aware that Aura may transfer your personal data to the United States and process and store it there. We will transfer personal data only to those countries to which we are permitted by law to transfer personal data, and we will take steps to ensure that your personal data continues to enjoy appropriate protections.
The security of your personal data is important to us. Aura takes reasonable efforts to secure and protect the privacy, accuracy, and reliability of your information and to protect it from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. Aura implements security measures as we deem appropriate and consistent with industry standards. As no data security protocol is impenetrable, Aura cannot guarantee the security of our systems or databases, nor can we guarantee that personal data we collect about you will not be breached, intercepted, destroyed, accessed, or otherwise disclosed without authorization. Accordingly, any information you transfer to or from Services is provided at your own risk.
Despite Aura’s safety and privacy controls, we cannot guarantee the Services are entirely free of illegal, offensive, or otherwise inappropriate material, or that you will not encounter inappropriate or illegal conduct or content from other users when using the Services. You can help Aura by notifying us of any unwelcome contact or inappropriate content by contacting us at
privacy@auraframes.com
.
Aura’s Services may occasionally link to outside websites and content. Aura does not endorse, approve, or certify any content from third parties, and we do not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, efficacy, or timeliness of the information they provide. You should check the applicable privacy notice of the website sponsor when linking to other websites from Aura Services.
Aura may modify this Privacy Notice from time to time. The most current version of this Privacy Notice will govern our use of your information and will be located at
https://auraframes.com/privacy
.
You may contact us to obtain prior versions. We will notify you of material changes to this policy by posting a notice at the Services or by emailing you at an email address associated with your account, if applicable, and provide an “at a glance” overview of any changes.
[LAST UPDATED: 13 November 2024]
Close
We updated language in our global privacy policy to align to state laws for US residents and to make the policy easier to read and understand, effective November 13, 2024. There are no changes to the data we collect or how we process it. Questions?
Read the following FAQ
or reach out to
privacy@auraframes.com
.
We use cookies and similar technologies to
recognize repeat visits
and
measure the effectiveness of campaigns and analyze traffic
. To learn more about how we use your data visit our
Privacy Policy
. By clicking "Accept" on this banner you consent to the use of these technologies unless you have disabled them.
Accept
RejectShop Frames
Learn More
Carver
£149
Carver Mat
£179
Mason
£189
How it Works
Reviews
Help
Terms of Sale
Terms & Privacy
Privacy Policy
Warranty & Returns
Accessibility
FCC
Open-Source Software
Security
Declaration of Conformity
Contest Rules
PSTI Statement of Compliance
Welcome and thank you for visiting our website. Aura Home, Inc. and its affiliates and subsidiaries (collectively ”
Aura,
” ”we,” ”
us
” or ”
our
”) understand the importance of privacy and information security. This privacy notice (the ”
Privacy Notice
”) describes how Aura collects, uses, and shares your personal data (i.e., information that personally identifies you, as an individual such as your name, phone number, or email address, as well as data that does not directly identify you, but that can reasonably be used to identify you such as the serial number of your Aura frame or other data that can be reasonably used to infer this information).
This Privacy Notice applies to your use of Aura websites, Aura mobile applications, Aura frames and other products, and all other digital and online services provided by Aura (collectively, the ”
Services
”) and describes Aura’s privacy practices and procedures relating to the Services. This Privacy Notice does
not
apply to information collected by Aura offline, or to third-party websites, applications, or services.
FOR INFORMATION ABOUT OUR BIOMETRIC INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USAGE PRACTICES, PLEASE VISIT OUR
BIOMETRIC PRIVACY POLICY
.
Collect and process the personal information you provide to deliver and improve our Services
Communicate with you
Comply with legal requirements
Sell your personal information, including photos, for monetary value
Use photo content for targeted advertising
For a user-friendly list of the most common privacy-related questions, please visit this FAQ:
Aura’s Privacy & Data Collection Practices
.
If you want to know more, please read our full Privacy Policy below.
Aura Home Inc.
148 Lafayette Street, Floor 5
New York, NY 10013
If you have any comments or questions about how we collect and use your personal data, communication can be directed to our postal address, or via email to
privacy@auraframes.com
.
If you are located in the European Union or the EFTA States, you can confidentially contact Aura’s Data Protection Officer at
privacy@auraframes.com
or via
https://auraframes.com/help-request
.
We need to process your personal data to operate our organization and provide you with certain Services. Before accessing, using, or interacting with the Services you should carefully review the terms and conditions of this Privacy Notice. Your use of the Services is further governed by our Terms of Service located at
https://auraframes.com/terms
, which is also incorporated into your agreement with Aura by this reference.
By accepting our Privacy Notice and Terms of Service, you are confirming that you have read and understood these policies, including how and why we use your information. If you don’t want us to collect or process your personal data in the ways described in this Privacy Notice, you should not use the Services.
The Services are not directed to children under the age of 16. You may not use the Services if you are under the age of 16. If you are under the age of 16, you should not provide any information on our Services.
Aura collects information about you and your use of the Services through various means, including when you provide information to us and when we automatically collect information about you when you access, use, or interact with the Services. Such processing is performed to provide you with the Services. In some instances, you may be able to choose what information to provide, but sometimes we require certain information for you to use and for us to provide you the Services.
The data we process is determined by the context in question: For example, it may vary depending on whether you have downloaded and are using our mobile application, been invited to download and use the Aura mobile applications, integrated your Alexa
®
or Google
®
accounts or devices with the Services, submitted an inquiry to our customer service team, or sent us a job application.
We obtain the categories of personal data listed below:
directly
from you; for example, from forms you complete on our website
indirectly
from you; for example, from observing your actions on our website or in our mobile applications
When you download and use our mobile application or use the website app.auraframes.com, we collect and process the following data to improve the Services that we offer to you:
Photographs and videos uploaded by you to the Services (including via linking third-party photo hosting services) and their metadata (dates, locations and other commonly available information)
Metadata that is stored in your connected photo libraries, which includes dates, locations other commonly available photo and video metadata (you may opt-out from this Service, called Smart Suggestions, at any time;
click here for detailed instructions
)
We also collect and process facial geometry information to offer advanced photo recommendations (you may opt-out from this Service, called Smart Suggestions, at any time;
click here for detailed instructions
)
Your name, email, address, phone number, and your Google
®
account information if you signed into Google Photos within the Aura mobile application (we do not have access to your Google password)
Any contact information you provide to Aura to invite other users to contribute to your frame
Information about your Alexa
®
or Google Home device integrated with your Aura frame
The make and model of your mobile phone and/or tablet
The Wi-Fi network name (SSID) used in connection with the mobile application
Analytics and logging data regarding when the mobile application and/or the Aura frame has been used and how they were used so we can provide and improve our services
When you visit our website or use any of our online services, we collect and process the following data:
Name of the Internet service provider
Information on the website you have visited us from
Web browser and operating system used
The IP address assigned by your Internet service provider
Requested files, amount of data transferred, downloads/file export
Information on the pages of our website(s) that you visit, including date and time
Analytics and logging data such as IP addresses and email addresses if you sign up for marketing emails from Aura
When you use an Aura frame, we may collect and process the following data from sensors built into the frame so we can offer certain product features. What we collect depends on the type of Aura frame you are using:
The lux value of ambient light in the room where the Aura frame is located (applies to all Aura models) so that our frames can auto-adjust their brightness levels
Information about movements that occur directly in front of the frame so that users can ‘swipe’ to the next photo or video (applies to Classic, Wood, and Modern models)
Direct touch and close proximity events to support the Aura frame’s touch bar feature via capacitive touch technology (applies to Carver, Gallerie, Mason, Sawyer, and Smith models)
Motion events to detect frame rotation (e.g. from landscape to portrait orientation) and to automatically adjust all photos/videos to the correct orientation occurring near the frame (applies to certain Mason, Sawyer, and Smith models)
If you have been invited to download and use an Aura mobile application, regardless of whether you accept the invitation, we collect and process the following data:
Last name, first name, salutation
Contact data (email address and telephone number)
When you send an inquiry, we collect and process the following data:
Last name, first name, salutation
Contact data (email address and telephone number)
Details on your preferences and interests related to the Aura Services
We also keep track of how you use and interact with certain Services through the use of cookies and other tracking technologies as listed below.
The exact data we collect will depend on how you interact with us. Below we have listed the personal data that we may collect:
Photographs and Related Information:
File Upload:
Aura Users may upload their photographs or videos to Aura frames, the Aura mobile application, and other Aura Services by using the Aura mobile application. You remain in control of which photographs or videos the Aura mobile application may access, using the privacy features offered by your mobile phone operating system. Aura will only upload and store those photographs and videos that you choose to share through the app. Your selected photographs and videos will be stored on our secure servers so that they may be accessed by your frame(s) over the internet.
Metadata:
Aura may access and upload metadata about your photo library to the Aura Services using a feature called Smart Suggestions, which you can easily disable as
explained in this FAQ
. Metadata includes commonly available photo and video information including location and dates. After completing this opt-out process, Aura will only upload to its servers data from those photos / videos that you specifically selected to be displayed on your frame.
Google Photos:
Aura also allows users to connect their Google Photos account to upload photographs from Google Photos to the Services. Aura does not own your photos. Aura will never use your photos for any purpose other than providing you with the Services. Aura will never sell or publish any of your photos without your explicit permission and consent.
Account Registration:
In order to use the Aura mobile and web application and upload photos to an Aura frame you must create a free user account. When you create an account, we collect your name, email, and information about your device, and our app requests your permission to access your photos.
Contact and Device Data:
We collect name, phone number and email address when you fill out a contact form to send an inquiry. We also collect technical information on your device type, hardware, unique device identifiers, time zone settings, IP address, and operating system version, as well as analytics data about how a device uses the Services.
Correspondence Information:
If you sign up for updates from Aura or email us, we may keep your message, email address, and contact information to respond to your requests, provide the requested products or Services, and to provide notifications or other correspondences to you.
If you do not want to receive communications from us in the future, please let us know by sending us an email requesting the same to
privacy@auraframes.com
or by following the unsubscribe instructions found in any email we send. Please note requests to remove your email address from our lists may take some time to fulfill. We may also still contact you as needed to provide important announcements or notifications regarding the Services, including communications related to purchases or other transactions you make with us.
Support Information:
You may provide information to us via a support, warranty replacement or product return request submitted through email or the Services. We will use this information to assist you with your support request and may maintain this information to assist you or other users with support requests. Please do not submit any information to us via a support submission, including confidential or sensitive information that you do not wish for Aura or our Service Providers to have access to or use in the future.
Form Information:
We may use forms to request certain information from you on the Services, such as your contact information to assist with contacts or service requests. This information may include personal data.
Image and Likeness Consent:
By submitting photos or other content to the Services, you consent to the use of your likeness, personal data, and other included information
[for the operation of the Services]
, and you warrant and represent that you have obtained the written consent, release, and/or permission of every identifiable individual who appears in such content to the use of their likeness, personal data, and other included information. This written release must include the right to use such individual’s likeness in the manner contemplated in this Policy and in the Terms of Service. If any identifiable individual is under the age of eighteen (18), you warrant and represent you have obtained such written consent, release and/or permission from that individual’s parents or guardians (and you agree to provide to us a copy of any such consents, releases and/or permissions upon request). If you do not have this release, do not submit the content to Aura or the Services.
Image Recognition:
We use photo-recognition software to analyze the photographs you upload to group the photos by like characteristics, including by grouping photographs that may contain images of the same individuals. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT IMAGE RECOGNITION ANALYSIS WILL BE PERFORMED ON THE PHOTOGRAPHS IN YOUR CONNECTED PHOTO LIBRARIES, AND YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOU HAVE OBTAINED THE INFORMED WRITTEN CONSENT OF THE INDIVIDUALS IN THE PHOTOGRAPHS PERMITTING US TO UTILIZE IMAGE RECOGNITION SOFTWARE ON PHOTOGRAPHS OF THEM. To disable image recognition analysis, please disable our Smart Suggestions Service as explained on this page:
Photo Access and Privacy
. After completing this opt-out process, Aura will delete any existing facial geometry data and Aura will not do any facial geometry analysis or processing on any future uploads.
To opt-out from these automatic metadata uploads, please follow the instructions on this page:
Photo Access and Privacy
. After completing this process, Aura will only upload to its servers data from those photos that you specifically selected to be displayed on your frame and will not do any facial geometry analysis or processing on any of your photos.
This policy defines Aura’s policy for the collection, use, safeguarding, storage, retention, and destruction of biometric identifiers and biometric information (”
Biometric Data
”). It is Aura’s policy to protect, use, and store Biometric Data in accordance with applicable laws including, but not limited to, the Illinois Biometric Information Privacy Act. Aura has instituted the following biometric information privacy policy:
Biometric Identifiers and Information Defined
State and local laws may regulate the collection, use, safeguarding, handling, storage, retention, and destruction of  “biometric identifiers” and “biometric information.” “Biometric identifier” means a retina or iris scan, fingerprint, voiceprint, or scan of hand or face geometry. “Biometric information” means any information, regardless of how it is captured, converted, stored, or shared, based on an individual’s biometric identifier used to identify an individual.
Purpose
For any Aura User who has not disabled the “Smart Suggestions” feature, Biometric Data may be captured, converted, stored, and/or shared through the use of facial geometry analysis. The purpose of the facial geometry analysis is to offer advanced photo recommendations. You may opt out of this service at any time.
Aura will not sell, lease, trade, or otherwise profit from any Aura User’s Biometric Data.
Consent
To the extent that Aura collects, captures, or otherwise obtains Biometric Data relating to an Aura User, Aura Users are provided a written consent electronically for their acknowledgment authorizing Aura to capture, collect, convert, store, share, and use the Aura User’s Biometric Data for the specific purposes disclosed in this policy.
Disclosure
To the extent that Aura collects, captures, or otherwise obtains Biometric Data relating to an Aura User, Aura will not disclose, redisclose, or otherwise disseminate an Aura User’s Biometric Data unless:
the Aura User or Aura User’s legally authorized representative consents to such disclosure  or redisclosure;
the disclosure or redisclosure completes a financial transaction requested or authorized by the Aura User or Aura User’s legally authorized representative;
the disclosure or redisclosure is required by State or federal law or municipal ordinance; or
the disclosure is required pursuant to a valid warrant or subpoena issued by a court of competent jurisdiction.
Retention Schedule
If Smart Suggestions is enabled, Aura processes facial geometry information on the Aura User’s device only from photos to which the user grants Aura access in the Aura User’s connected libraries and photos that the Aura User uploads to the user’s frame.  To the extent that any Biometric Data relating to an Aura User is collected, captured, or otherwise obtained on the Aura User’s device, the Biometric Data will be retained on the Aura User’s device only until the first of the following occurs:
The Aura User disables Smart Suggestions.
The Aura User deletes their Aura account.
The Aura User deletes the Aura Mobile App from their device.
The Aura User logs out from the Aura Mobile App.
Any Biometric Data used by Smart Suggestions on the Aura User’s device is not uploaded to Aura’s servers.  Biometric Data is only stored on the device itself.
Data Storage, Transmission, and Protection
To the extent that Aura collects, captures, or otherwise obtains Biometric Data relating to an Aura User, if any, Aura will store, transmit, and protect the Aura User’s Biometric Data using a reasonable standard of care. Such storage, transmission, and protection from disclosure will be performed in a manner that is the same as or more protective than the manner in which Aura stores, transmits, and protects from disclosure other confidential and sensitive information of Aura and its customers. Aura will require any third-party service provider responsible for security protection of Aura Users’ Biometric Data, if any, to implement and maintain reasonable security procedures and practices. Such Biometric Data, if any, will be destroyed no later than six months from the date that you delete your Aura user account.
Facial Analysis Description and Opt Out Choices
As described in our
Biometric Privacy Policy
, Aura currently uses facial geometry analysis to support various value-add features that may be covered under certain privacy laws.
When active, the facial analysis process only occurs on the user’s phone itself
and no photos will be uploaded to our servers
.
Highlights
An optional app prompt that uses metadata and facial recognition to recommend photos for customers to add to their frame (i.e. “Add more photos of the people you’ve already selected for your frame.”).
We use automatic data collection and analytics technologies to collect aggregate and user-specific information about your equipment, patterns of use, communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Services, including your IP address, browsing, and navigation patterns. This information is used to improve our Services.
Information we collect automatically through your use of the Services includes:
Cookies, Web Beacons, Links, And Other Tracking Technologies:
Aura may keep track of how you use and interact with the Services through the use of cookies, web beacons, links, and other tracking technologies. We do this to help analyze the use of and improve the Services. Through these technologies, we may automatically collect information about your use of the Services and other online activities, including our email correspondences, third-party services, and client applications, and certain online activities after you leave the Services. Link information is generally only analyzed on an aggregate basis. Some Services features may not function properly if you disable cookies. Such data may include analytics information, browser type, operating system, and tracking of your interactions with our content and emails.
The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include:
Cookies (or browser cookies).
A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. We use essential, functional, performance, and marketing cookies for the purposes described below. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser.  However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our Services. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our website unless prohibited by law.
Web Beacons.
Pages of our the website may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit us, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an email and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).
The purposes for which we use first party cookies include:
Purpose
Explanation
Processes
Intended to make the Services work in the way you expect. For example, we use a cookie that tells us whether you have already signed up for an account.
Authentication, Security, and Compliance
Intended to prevent fraud, protect your data from unauthorized parties, and comply with legal requirements. For example, we use cookies to determine if you are logged in.
Preferences
Intended to remember information about how you prefer the Services to behave and look.
Notifications
Intended to allow or prevent notices of information or options that we think could improve your use of the Services. For example, we use a cookie that stops us from showing you the signup notification if you have already seen it.
Analytics
Intended to help us understand how visitors use the Services. For example, we use a cookie that tells us how our search suggestions correlate to your interactions with the search page.
We also partner with third parties to manage our advertising on other sites. Our third-party partners may use cookies, pixels, or similar technologies in order to provide you with advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests.Third-party cookies include essential, functional, performance, and marketing cookies. For more information and choices regarding cookies,
see our cookie banner
.
IP Addresses:
We automatically collect the IP addresses of users of certain Services, such as website visitors, those that log in to the Services, and those who post messages to the communities and forums. We process this information on the basis of our legitimate interests in protecting the Services and providing the Services to you.
Location Information:
Neither the Aura applications nor the Aura frames capture or record location data, but they collect connected Wi-Fi, IP address and Internet service provider information. Note that photos uploaded to the Services will frequently contain location-related metadata (including the GPS location where the photo was taken) and we may use that information to classify photos (for example, by grouping photos taken in a single location).
Advertising Information:
We partner with third parties to manage advertising to you about Aura on other sites. Our third-party partners may use cookies or similar technologies in order to provide you with advertising on other sites based upon your browsing activities and interests. If you have chosen to connect your account to an external third-party application, such as Facebook, or an app developed using the API, you can change your settings and remove permission for the app by changing your account settings. Aura does not use photographs or associated photograph data to target third-party advertising or other marketing to individuals. See the Third-Party Advertisements section below for more information.
Unique Identifiers:
When you use or access the Services, we may access, collect, monitor, store on your device, and/or remotely store one or more “Unique Identifiers,” such as a universally unique identifier (
“UUID”
). A Unique Identifier may remain on your device persistently, to help you log in faster and enhance your navigation through the Services. Some features of the Services may not function properly if use or availability of Unique Identifiers is impaired or disabled.
Analytics Information:
We use data analytics to ensure site functionality and improve the Services. We use mobile analytics software to allow us to understand the functionality of the Services on your phone. This software may record information such as how often you use the Services, what happens within the Services, aggregated usage, performance data, app errors and debugging information, and where the Services were downloaded from. We do not link the information we store within the analytics software to any personally identifiable information that you submit within the mobile application.
Log File Information:
When you use our Services, we may receive log file information such as your IP address, browser type, access times, domain names operating system, the referring web page(s), pages visited, location, your mobile carrier, device information (including device and application IDs), search terms, and cookie information. We receive log file data when you interact with our Services, for example, when you visit our website, sign in to our Services, or interact with our email notifications. Aura uses log file data to provide, understand, and improve our Services, and to customize the content we show you. Aura may link this log file to other information Aura collects about you via the Services.
Meta Pixel Usage:
We incorporate “pixels” provided by Meta Platforms, Inc. on our Websites. This enables us to track user behavior after a user clicks on a Facebook ad and is redirected to our website. By doing so, we can assess the effectiveness of Facebook ads for statistical and market research purposes and sometimes retarget certain users. It is important to be aware that Facebook may associate this information with your Facebook account and utilize it for its own promotional activities, in accordance with
Facebook’s Data Usage Policy
. You have the option to authorize Facebook and its partners to display advertisements on and off Facebook (
see here
). Additionally, a cookie may be stored on your computer for these purposes.
Aura uses the information we receive about you for the purposes described in this Privacy Notice, including:
Providing and Improving Our Services:
We may use your information to improve and customize our Services, including gathering your information for such purposes, and we do so as it is necessary to pursue our legitimate interests of improving our Services for our users. We use your information to organize and catalogue your photos into categories using photo-recognition software. Our collection of your usage data may also be necessary to enable us to pursue our legitimate interests in understanding how our Services are being used and to explore and unlock ways to develop and grow our business. It is also necessary to allow us to pursue our legitimate interests in improving our Services, efficiency, interest in Services for users and obtaining insights into usage patterns of our Services. We use your information to provide and improve the Services and our products, for billing and payments, for identification and authentication, for targeted online and offline marketing including through tools like Facebook Custom Audience and Google Customer Match, to contact users or interested parties, and for general research and aggregate reporting.
Keeping Our Services Safe And Secure:
We may also use your information for safety and security purposes, including sharing of your information for such purposes, and we do so because it is necessary to pursue our legitimate interests in ensuring the security of our Services, including enhancing protection of our community against spam, harassment, intellectual property infringement, crime, and security risks of all kind.
Third-Party Advertisements:
Aura may utilize the services of third-party advertising companies, including Google and others, to serve ads to you when you use other sites across the Internet, including to perform remarketing services. These third parties may collect information about your visits to certain pages of our Services and may use technology like cookies to store information about your use of the Services. The information collected may be reported back to us, and we may link this information to personal data we have collected about you. This information allows us to track which other websites have linked visitors to our Services, what pages of our Services are used by and are of interest to visitors, so we may provide better, more targeted advertising regarding our business and Services. More information about interest-based advertising and similar practices may be available at
http://www.networkadvertising.org/consumer/opt_out.asp
.
Our Legal Bases for Processing Personal Data:
If European data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we process your information for the purposes described in this Privacy notice, based on the following legal grounds:
When we’re providing a product or service
: We process your data to provide and support a product or service you’ve asked for under a contract, including but not limited to delivering our Terms of Service.
When we’re pursuing legitimate interests
: We process your information for our legitimate interests and those of third parties while applying appropriate safeguards that protect your privacy. This means we process your information for things like:
offering and improving our Services
developing new products and features
understanding how our Services are used
performing research that improves our Services for our users and benefits the public
sending you direct marketing and other communications
detecting, preventing or otherwise addressing fraud, abuse, security or technical issues with our Services
maintaining and improving the integrity of our computing systems, and protecting our users’ data security
enforcing legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service
when we’re complying with legal obligations
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so, for example, if we’re responding to a legal process or an enforceable governmental request.
We ask for your consent to process your information for certain specific purposes and give you the right to withdraw that consent at any time.
When we have a legal obligation
: We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so, for example, if we’re responding to a legal process or an enforceable governmental request.
When we obtain your consent
: We ask for your consent to process your information for certain specific purposes and give you the right to withdraw that consent at any time.
When we carry out a contract
: You can choose whether or not you want to use the Services. However, if you want to use the Services, you need to agree to our Terms of Service, which set out the contract between Aura and the users of the Services. We cannot provide many of the Services without your agreement to this contract, and without moving your personal data to Aura entities and Service Providers in various jurisdictions. Therefore certain processing of your personal data is done on the legal basis of processing necessary for the performance of the contract between you, as a user of the Services, and Aura.
When you access or use the Services, we collect, use, share, and otherwise process your personal data as described in this Privacy Notice. Aura will not share, sell, rent, or otherwise disclose your personal data to third parties without your consent or as otherwise disclosed in this Privacy Notice.
Aura will share your information in the following circumstances on the legal basis of the legitimate interests of providing the requested Services:
Within Aura:
We may share and process information internally within Aura and with our subsidiaries and affiliates. Aura’s personnel may have access to your information as needed to provide and operate the Services in the normal course of business. This includes information regarding your use and interaction with the Services.
Authorized Contributors Associated with your Aura Frame:
If you are one of several contributors to an Aura frame, other contributors to that frame will be able to see your email address and access and manage the photos or videos you add to the shared frame.
Service Providers:
Aura works with various organizations and individuals to help provide the Services to you (
“Service Providers”
), such as website and data-hosting companies and companies providing analytics information, like Google Analytics. Aura needs to engage such third-party Service Providers to help us operate, provide, and market the Services. These third parties have only limited access to your information and may use your information only to perform these tasks on our behalf. Information we share with our Service Providers may include both information you provide to us and information we collect about you, including personal data and information from data collection tools like cookies, web beacons, and log files.
Aura takes reasonable steps to ensure that our Service Providers are obligated to reasonably protect your information on Aura’s behalf. If Aura becomes aware that a Service Provider is using or disclosing information improperly, we will take commercially reasonable steps to end or correct such improper use or disclosure.
We share personal data with our Service Providers on the legal basis of Aura’s legitimate interests in providing you with the Services. Our engagement of Service Providers is often necessary for us to provide the Services to you, particularly where such companies play important roles like helping us keep our Services operating and secure. Aura will not share, sell, rent, or otherwise disclose your personal data to third parties without your consent or as otherwise disclosed in this Privacy Notice.
Business Transactions:
Aura may purchase other businesses or their assets, sell our business assets, or be involved in a bankruptcy, merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets (a
“Business Transactions
”). Your information, including personal data, may be among assets sold or transferred as part of a Business Transaction. In some cases, Aura may choose to buy or sell assets. Such transactions may be necessary and in our legitimate interests, particularly our interest in making decisions that enable our organization to develop over the long term.
Safety and Lawful Requests:
We may be required to disclose Services user information pursuant to lawful requests, such as subpoenas or court orders, or in compliance with applicable laws. We generally do not disclose user information unless we have a good faith belief that an information request by law enforcement or private litigants meets applicable legal standards. We may share your information when we believe it is necessary to comply with applicable laws, to protect our interests or property, to prevent fraud or other illegal activity perpetrated through the Services or using Aura name, or to protect the safety of any person. This may include sharing information with other companies, lawyers, agents, or government agencies. Nothing in this Privacy Notice is intended to limit any legal defenses or objections that you may have to a third party’s, including a government’s, request to disclose your information.
Aggregated Non-Personal Data:
We may disclose aggregated, non-personal data received from providing the Services, including information that does not identify any individual, without restriction. Aura may share demographic information with business partners, but it will be aggregated and de-personalized so that personal data is not revealed.
If you are a resident of the European Union, you may have certain rights with respect to your personal data. These rights are standardized in Articles 15 - 22 EU-GDPR. To the extent that these laws apply, you may exercise the following rights:
Right of access (Art. 15 EU-GDPR)
. Note that much of the information you are entitled to know or access is disclosed in this Privacy Notice. With this said, you have the right to know about our information practices. You also have the right to access the categories of data we collect, with whom we share or sell that information, and, in some cases, what specific Personal data we associate with you or your account.
Right of rectification (Art. 16 EU-GDPR)
. You may request that we delete the personal data we have collected about you. Depending on the applicable law, in some cases we are required or permitted to retain your information, even if you validly requested we delete or erase it. Please note if you request erasure, you may be unable to access the Services and that this may be processed by account deletion.
Right to erasure ('right to be forgotten') (Art. 17 EU-GDPR)
. You may request we correct or rectify inaccurate information we have collected about you.
Right to restriction of processing (Art. 18 EU-GDPR)
. If we process your information based on our legitimate interests as explained in this Privacy Notice, or in the public interest, you can object to this processing in certain circumstances. Where we use your data for direct marketing purposes, you can always object using the unsubscribe link in such communications or changing your account settings.
Right to data portability (Art. 20 EU-GDPR)
. If we process your information based on our legitimate interests as explained in this Privacy Notice, you may have the right to restrict processing in certain circumstances.
Right to object to data processing (Art. 21 EU-GDPR)
. If you request a copy of your specific information then we will provide it in an easily accessible format.
To exercise these rights, please contact our Data Protection Officer at
privacy@auraframes.com
.
The same applies if you have any queries on data processing at our company. You also have the right to lodge a complaint directly with the Data Protection Supervisory Authority.
Please note the following in connection with your right to object:
If we process your personal data for the purpose of direct mail, you have the right to object to this form of data processing at any time without giving reasons. This also applies to profiling insofar as it is associated with direct mail.
If you object to data processing for direct marketing purposes, we will no longer process your personal data for these purposes. Exercising your right to object is free of charge and can be carried out informally, ideally by clicking on the “unsubscribe” button offered in any of our marketing emails, or via email to:
privacy@auraframes.com
.
In the event that we process your data to protect legitimate interests, you may object to this type of processing at any time for reasons relating to your particular situation; this also applies to profiling based on these provisions.
We will then no longer process your personal data unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds that outweigh your interests, rights, and freedoms, or the data processing is being used to assert, exercise or defend legal claims.
A withdrawal of consent will not affect the validity of our use of your personal data up until the point you have withdrawn your consent.
Certain laws like the California Privacy Rights Act, the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act, and the Colorado Privacy Act, grant you rights to control your personal information. Although some of these rights apply generally, certain rights will only apply to limited individuals or circumstances. Although some of these rights apply generally, certain rights will only apply to limited individuals or circumstances. To the extent that these laws apply, you may exercise the following rights:
Right to Know and Access Information.
Note that much of the information you are entitled to know or access is disclosed in this Privacy Notice. With this said, you have the right to know about our information practices. You also have the right to access the categories of data we collect, with whom we share or sell that information, and, in some cases, what specific personal data we associate with you or your account.
Right to Data Portability.
If you request a copy of your specific information then we will provide it in an easily accessible format.
Right to Deletion or Erasure.
You may request that we delete the information we have collected about you. Depending on the applicable law, in some cases we are required or permitted to retain your information, even if you validly requested we delete or erase it. Please note if you request erasure, you may be unable to access the Services and that this may be processed by account deletion.
Right to Correct Information.
You may request we correct or rectify inaccurate information we have collected about you.
Right to Opt Out of Targeting Advertising, Sales, or Profiling.
You may opt-out of our use of your personal data for targeted advertising, sales, or profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects, if applicable.
Right to Consent to or Limit the Use of Sensitive Data.
Some residents may have the right to consent to the use of their personal data. California residents have the right to ask that we limit our use and disclosure of any sensitive data to certain purposes permitted by law.
Aura does not sell user data for monetary value.
What can I do if I don’t want to receive targeted advertising?
In line with the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) and the California Privacy Rights Act (CPRA) our US customers can submit a Do-Not-Sell-or-Share-My-Data request to
privacy@auraframes.com
.
To further reduce your general exposure to interest-based advertising, you can use the tools made available by the
Digital Advertising Alliance
and
Network Advertising Initiative
:
https://youradchoices.com/control
https://optout.networkadvertising.org
Cookies
You can reject our optional cookie collection when visiting our site. You can also directly control the cookie settings in your browser by following the instructions provided by the supplier of the browser.  Remember that disabling cookies is browser specific.  If you log on using Safari and disable the cookies, you must also disable cookies in Chrome if you use that browser at a different time:
Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Microsoft Edge
Apple Safari
Please note:
If you want to avoid any Aura advertisements targeted to you based on your information, you’ll want to both clear your cookies (as described above) and contact
privacy@auraframes.com
with a do-not-share-my-data request. Note that opting out of targeted advertising will not prevent advertising partners and agencies from delivering generic ads to your browser, which may include Aura ads.
Email addresses and other user data
Aura uses email addresses and phone numbers (a) to send out marketing emails and text messages and (b) for ad targeting. Aura never sells user information. We do use user information for serving targeted advertisements through partners such as Facebook.
Aura will continue to send you direct email or text message updates and promotions if you have signed up to our marketing newsletters. Simply use the “unsubscribe” option to opt out of emails, and reply “STOP” to opt out of receiving Aura’s text messages
Ad Targeting
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal data over the past 12 months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will disclose to you:
the categories of personal data we collected about you
the categories of sources for the personal data we collected about you
our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal data
the categories of third parties with whom we share that personal data.
the specific pieces of personal data we collected about you (also called a data portability request).
If we sold or disclosed your personal data for a business purpose, two separate lists disclosing:
sales, identifying the personal data categories that each category of recipient purchased; and
disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the personal data categories that each category of recipient obtained.
You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal data that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request your personal data from our records unless an exception applies.
We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our Service Provider(s) to:
complete the transaction for which we collected the personal data, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you
detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities
debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality
exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law
comply with the law, including the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 et. seq.)
engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information’s deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research’s achievement, if you previously provided informed consent
enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us
comply with a legal obligation
make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it
Please note requests to delete or remove your information do not necessarily ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information posted and removed information may persist in backup copies indefinitely. Please note that if you choose to delete your information or opt out of the collection and use of your information, you understand that certain features, including but not limited to access to the Services, may no longer be available to you.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your rights. Unless permitted by law, we will not:
deny you goods or services.
charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.
provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.
suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
We may offer certain benefits in connection with the disclosure of personal information and data associated with your account, or the opportunity to be eligible for certain perks and benefits such as rewards, exclusive offers, and discounts. All benefits are free of charge.
When you participate in these perks and benefits, we will collect and keep the personal information you provide, or that you have previously provided. To enhance your experience, reward you, and provide you with tailored benefits, we may also collect and use the following categories of personal information listed in connection with your accounts, including personal information we have previously collected about you:
Identifiers, including name and email
Online activity information
We collect this information through your interactions, as further detailed in this Privacy Notice. We will also use this information to send you messages about benefits and rewards, and to send you tailored marketing messages.
The benefits to you are reasonably related to our good-faith estimate of the value provided to us by their personal information. The value of personal information to us varies by individual and is related to the value of the rewards and discounts provided to you, minus the costs of providing those benefits.
You may withdraw your participation from any rewards program at any time by following the instructions provided upon enrollment.
California’s “Shine the Light” law (Civil Code Section § 1798.83) permits users of our website that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal data to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to
privacy@auraframes.com
.
If you are a Nevada resident, you may also have certain rights regarding the sale of personal data. Nevada residents may opt out of the future sale of their data to a third party by emailing us at:
privacy@auraframes.com
. Please note, however, that we do not sell any of our customers’ personal data.
You may request access to or correction of your personal information in our custody or control. You may also have the right, in specified circumstances, to object to our use of your personal information, to request the deletion of your personal information or restrict its use, to request a copy of the information you have provided to us to use for your own purposes, to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, or to make a request for the portability of your personal information.
Your rights are subject to applicable legal restrictions and we may take appropriate steps to verify your identity before responding to your request.
Aura seeks to ensure all individuals are provided with the rights mandated by their governing jurisdiction. Not all of the rights discussed in this Privacy Notice will apply to each individual data subject and may not apply to you depending upon your jurisdiction. If you have any additional questions about your rights, please contact us.
To exercise your rights, please email us at
privacy@auraframes.com
. or submit a request through our web form:
https://auraframes.com/help-request
.
When submitting a request, please include your email address, full name, and your specific request.
For requests submitted by email, you must provide enough information that allows us to verify your identity. Only you or your authorized agent may make requests regarding your personal data. An authorized agent must have documentation that they are authorized to act on your behalf.
Aura will fulfill or reject your request within the amount of time required by law. For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your Personal Information that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
If we deny your rights request, you may have the right to request an appeal of our decision. To initiate an appeal, follow the instructions provided in the communication denying your request, or contact us at the information provided in this Privacy Notice.
To access your personal data, please see below.
Aura provides certain tools and settings within the Services to all users to help you access, correct, delete, or modify your personal data associated with the Services. If you need assistance with these services
visit our FAQ
.
Aura will retain your information only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Notice, for as long as an account is active, as described in this Privacy Notice, or as needed to provide the Services to you. Aura will retain and use your information to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your information to comply with applicable tax/revenue laws), resolve disputes, enforce our agreements, and as otherwise described in this Privacy Notice. We also retain log files for internal analysis purposes. These log files are generally retained for a brief period of time, except in cases where they are used for site safety and security, to improve site functionality, or we are legally obligated to retain them for longer time periods. We may delete your personal data from our systems as part of a data retention plan.
Users may opt-out of receiving certain communications from Aura by following the unsubscribe process described in email communication, or by contacting us using the contact information provided above. However, please note you may not opt-out of certain Services-related communications, such as account verification, changes or updates to features of the Services, or technical and security notices.
Aura does not currently employ a process for automatically responding to “Do Not Track” (DNT) signals sent by web browsers, mobile devices, or other mechanisms. Per industry standards, third parties may be able to collect information, including personal data, about your online activities over time and across different websites or online services when you use Services. You may opt out of online behavioral ads at
http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
. You also may limit certain tracking by disabling cookies in your web browser.
The United States, EEA Member States, Canada and other countries all have different laws relating to privacy and data protection. When your information is moved from your home state, province or country to another jurisdiction, the laws and rules that protect your personal data in the country to which your information is transferred may be different from those in the country in which you live. For example, the circumstances in which law enforcement can access personal data may vary from jurisdiction  to jurisdiction. In particular, if your information is in the United States, it may be accessed by government authorities in accordance with U.S. law.
Please be advised that information Aura collects about you via the Services may be transferred, processed and/or accessed by us in the United States, or another country where we, or our Service Providers operate. Please be aware that the privacy laws and standards in certain countries, including the rights of authorities to access your personal data, may differ from those that apply in the country in which you reside. If you are located outside the United States and choose to allow us to collect information about you, please be aware that Aura may transfer your personal data to the United States and process and store it there. We will transfer personal data only to those countries to which we are permitted by law to transfer personal data, and we will take steps to ensure that your personal data continues to enjoy appropriate protections.
The security of your personal data is important to us. Aura takes reasonable efforts to secure and protect the privacy, accuracy, and reliability of your information and to protect it from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. Aura implements security measures as we deem appropriate and consistent with industry standards. As no data security protocol is impenetrable, Aura cannot guarantee the security of our systems or databases, nor can we guarantee that personal data we collect about you will not be breached, intercepted, destroyed, accessed, or otherwise disclosed without authorization. Accordingly, any information you transfer to or from Services is provided at your own risk.
Despite Aura’s safety and privacy controls, we cannot guarantee the Services are entirely free of illegal, offensive, or otherwise inappropriate material, or that you will not encounter inappropriate or illegal conduct or content from other users when using the Services. You can help Aura by notifying us of any unwelcome contact or inappropriate content by contacting us at
privacy@auraframes.com
.
Aura’s Services may occasionally link to outside websites and content. Aura does not endorse, approve, or certify any content from third parties, and we do not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, efficacy, or timeliness of the information they provide. You should check the applicable privacy notice of the website sponsor when linking to other websites from Aura Services.
Aura may modify this Privacy Notice from time to time. The most current version of this Privacy Notice will govern our use of your information and will be located at
https://auraframes.com/privacy
.
You may contact us to obtain prior versions. We will notify you of material changes to this policy by posting a notice at the Services or by emailing you at an email address associated with your account, if applicable, and provide an “at a glance” overview of any changes.
[LAST UPDATED: 13 November 2024]
Close
We updated language in our global privacy policy to align to state laws for US residents and to make the policy easier to read and understand, effective November 13, 2024. There are no changes to the data we collect or how we process it. Questions?
Read the following FAQ
or reach out to
privacy@auraframes.com
.
We use cookies and similar technologies to
recognize repeat visits
and
measure the effectiveness of campaigns and analyze traffic
. To learn more about how we use your data visit our
Privacy Policy
. By clicking "Accept" on this banner you consent to the use of these technologies unless you have disabled them.
Accept
Reject
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://auraframes.co.uk/terms-of-service:
Shop Frames
Learn More
Carver
£149
Carver Mat
£179
Mason
£189
How it Works
Reviews
Help
Terms of Sale
Terms & Privacy
Privacy Policy
Warranty & Returns
Accessibility
FCC
Open-Source Software
Security
Declaration of Conformity
Contest Rules
PSTI Statement of Compliance
These are the Terms of Service (
“Terms”
) for Aura which govern your access to and use of the Aura websites, our mobile applications, and all other digital and online services provided by Aura (collectively, the
“Services”
). Please note your access to and use of the Services is conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. By accessing or using the Services, you agree you are bound by these Terms.
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF SERVICE CAREFULLY AS THEY CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION REGARDING YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS, OBLIGATIONS, AND AVAILABLE REMEDIES RESULTING FROM YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES. THESE INCLUDE VARIOUS LIMITATIONS AND EXCLUSIONS, AS DESCRIBED BELOW.
Please be aware that these Terms constitute a binding legal agreement between you and Aura outlining your legal rights, obligations, and remedies arising from your use of the Services. You agree you are responsible for your use of the Services and any consequences resulting from your use of the Services. You may use the Services only in compliance with these Terms and all applicable local, state, national, and international laws, rules and regulations. If you do not agree to these Terms, you may not use the Services.
You may use the Services only if you can form a binding contract with Aura and are not a person barred from receiving services under the laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdictions. If you are accepting these Terms and using the Services on behalf of a company, organization, government, or other legal entity, you represent and warrant that you are authorized to do so and that you agree, on behalf of the party that you represent, to this Agreement. If you reside in a jurisdiction that restricts the use of the Services because of age or restricts the ability to enter into agreements such as this one due to age, you must abide by such age limits, and you must not use the Services.
By accessing or using the Services, you (the
“User”
) represent and warrant that you have the right, authority, and capacity to enter into this Agreement, you will abide by these Terms, and that you have read, understand, and agree to be bound by these Terms, and by the terms of Aura’s Privacy Notice at
https://auraframes.com/privacy
. These Terms apply to you if you access or use the Services, whether or not you have registered for an account with Aura or are using the Aura mobile application. By using the Services you agree you accept the terms and conditions of the Terms and Privacy Notice, including any dispute resolution, arbitration, limitation of damages, and choice of law provisions. The Services are always evolving and the form and nature of the Services may change from time to time without prior notice to you. In addition, Aura may permanently or temporarily stop providing the Services, or features of the Services, and may not provide you with prior notice.
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF SERVICE CAREFULLY BEFORE ACCESSING OR USING THE SERVICES. BY ACCESSING OR USING THE SERVICES, YOU AGREE YOU ARE BOUND BY THESE TERMS OF SERVICE IN THEIR ENTIRETY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS INCLUDED WITHIN THESE TERMS, THEN YOU MAY NOT ACCESS OR USE THE SERVICES.
Aura knows you care about your privacy. Any information you or other users provide to Aura or which we collect about you or others is subject to our Privacy Notice. To learn more about how Aura collects, uses, shares, and secures your information, please review Aura’s Privacy Notice at
https://auraframes.com/privacy
, which is incorporated into your agreement with Aura by this reference.
The Services is intended for legal use by adults only and is not directed to children under the age of 16. You may not use the Services in any manner if you are under the age of 16 and any registration by anyone under 16 is void. By accessing or using the Services and thereby agreeing to these Terms, you represent and warrant to us: (1) that you are at least 16 years of age; (2) that you have not previously been suspended or removed from the Services; and (3) that your use of the Services is in compliance with any and all applicable laws and regulations.
By using the Services, you represent, warrant, and covenant:
You will only use the Services for lawful purposes, and you will not use the Services for sending, storing, or distributing any unlawful material or for fraudulent purposes;
You will not use the Services to cause nuisance, annoyance or inconvenience;
You will not impair the proper operation of the Services or any network which is used to support or access the Services;
You will not try to harm the Services in any way whatsoever;
You will not copy, or distribute the Services or other content without ownership of or all appropriate rights in such content or without written permission from Aura;
You will only use the Services for your own use and will not resell any aspect of the Services to a third party;
You will keep secure and confidential your account password or any identification we may provide you which allows access to the Services; and
You will provide us with whatever proof of identity we may reasonably request where required to comply with legal obligations.
Registering for an Aura Account:
In order to use or access certain Services or features of the Services, you may be asked to register for a user account (an
“Aura Account”
) and become a registered user of the Services (a
“Registered User”
). By becoming a Registered User, you agree to: (1) provide accurate, current, and complete information about yourself and/or the Registered User during the registration process; (2) maintain and promptly update such information to keep it accurate, current, and complete; (3) maintain the security of your password and login information, and not disclose your password or login information to any third party; (4) accept full responsibility for all use of any Aura Account you register, and for any actions that arise from or take place using your Aura Account, whether or not you have authorized such actions or use; and (5) immediately notify Aura of any unauthorized use of your Aura Account. Failure to abide by this Agreement constitutes a breach of these Terms, which may result in immediate termination of your Aura Account.
Your Aura Account Information:
You may not select or use an Aura Account name, handle, or login that: (1) is comprised of or includes the name of another person with the intent to impersonate that person; (2) is subject to any rights of a person other than you without appropriate authorization; (3) suggests a false association between you and Aura; or (4) that, in Aura’s sole discretion, is offensive, vulgar, or obscene. Aura reserves the right to refuse registration of an Aura Account, or cancel any account name, in its sole discretion.
Aura’s Access to the Services:
Aura maintains the right to suspend or disable your access to the Services and any Aura Account you may have created, or terminate these Terms, at its sole discretion and without prior notice to you if you breach the Terms, or if Aura otherwise determines such action is warranted. Aura reserves the right to revoke your access to and use of the Services at any time, with or without cause, whether or not you have established an Aura Account or are a Registered User.
Deleting Your Aura Account:
You may delete and cancel your Aura Account and your access to the Services at any time by contacting Aura at the phone number or email address below and requesting that your account and the associated photos be deleted. Doing so will remove your photos from our servers and from any frames to which you have contributed them. Please note that merely deleting the Aura mobile application from your phone or tablet will not delete your photos from the Services and will not cancel your Aura Account. Once you request account deletion, we will no longer store or use your content or information. Please further note that certain information and content may persist for some time in caching, backup, and archival copies and in our internal records relating to use of our Services.
Aura provides a print subscription service called Aura Analog, which may be purchased separately from our digital frames. When you subscribe to Aura Analog, you pay upfront for three months of service (by way of example, with monthly service priced at $7.99, you will pay 3 x $7.99 or $23.97 total upfront), plus any applicable sales tax. Aura will immediately send you a free Analog frame to hold your prints.
After your purchase, you will receive an email that provides instructions for signing up for the print subscription service. You should enter your own mailing address if you want the prints sent to you, or the address of a person to whom you’re planning to give the frame if you’d like them to receive the prints on an ongoing basis.
When you pay for the initial period of the subscription, Aura will store your credit card information to be used for recurring billing of the subscription.
Each month Aura will select five photos to be printed. You can accept those photos or substitute other photos from your collection or from photos that have been added to the frame by other contributors. The first set of five photos will be sent by Aura immediately after frame activation and your approval of the prints in the Aura app. Each additional set of five photos will then be sent on the one-month anniversary of the initial set of prints.
After your initial period (usually three months), Aura will charge you $7.99 each month on or about the date that the latest prints are sent out. You can cancel your subscription at any time by using the Aura app or visiting
https://auraframes.com/
.
If you give the frame as a gift, you can continue to select the prints each month and pay for the monthly subscription on an ongoing basis. However, you can also transfer the subscription (including either or both of the photo-selection process and the payment method) to another Aura user. To do that visit
https://auraframes.com/
.
For answers to questions about the Analog subscription service visit
https://help.auraframes.com/hc/articles/360050180353
.
The Aura Analog Frame is only available for purchase in the United States.
As a condition of your use of the Services, you agree not to use the Services: (1) for any illegal purpose; (2) for any purpose that is prohibited by these Terms; or (3) for any other purpose not reasonably intended by Aura as typical or expected use of the Services consistent with the purposes for which the Services were created. You specifically agree you will not do any of the following:
Use the Services for or in connection with any illegal purpose, including any violation of any applicable local, state, national, or international law, or rule or regulation having the force of law;
Abuse, harass, threaten, impersonate, or intimidate others;
Post, upload, or otherwise distribute or post links to any content that is unlawful, defamatory, libelous, inaccurate, or that you do not have all necessary rights to transmit, or that Aura or a reasonable person could deem to be objectionable, profane, indecent, pornographic, harassing, threatening, embarrassing, hateful, or otherwise inappropriate as determined by Aura in its sole discretion;
Post or transmit, or cause to be posted or transmitted, any communication or solicitation designed or intended to obtain any password or other confidential information, or private information from any User;
Use the Services to create or submit unwanted email (
“Spam”
) to be sent to any other person or any URL;
Submit content linking or otherwise directing others to affiliate programs, multi-level marketing schemes, or off-topic content;
With the exception of accessing RSS feeds, to use any robot, spider, scraper or other automated means to access the Services for any purpose without our express written permission;
Take any action that imposes, or may impose in our sole discretion an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure;
Interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Services or any activities conducted on or through the Services;
Bypass any measures we may use to prevent or restrict access to the Services or any part of the Services;
Interfere with the operation of the Services or any User’s enjoyment of the Services, including without limitation, by: (i) uploading or otherwise disseminating viruses, adware, spyware, worms, or other malicious software or code; (ii) making unsolicited offers, advertisements, or other solicitations, directing spam or other unsolicited communications to other Users, or conducting your own contests or promotions using the Services; (iii) attempting to collect personal information about Users or third parties without their consent; or (iv) interfering with or disrupting any networks, equipment, or servers connected to or used to provide the Services, or violating the regulations, policies, or procedures of such networks, equipment, or servers;
Share, sell, or otherwise transfer the access granted to you to the Services, including information regarding your Services login information, or password, or otherwise permit any other person to access the Services using your information, login, or password (excluding invitations to join the Services that you send to others);
Use the Services, related content, or any component thereof, for any commercial purposes unintended by Aura, including advertising, offering for sale, or selling any item using the Services;
Violate, or encourage others to violate, the rights of third parties, including by infringing or misappropriating third party Intellectual Property or other legal rights;
Reproduce, distribute, publicly display or perform, modify, make derivative works of, redistribute, sublicense, rent, publish, sell, assign, lease, market, transfer, or otherwise make the Services, Content, code or program, available to others, in whole or part, without ownership of or all appropriate rights in such Content;
Interfere with security features of the Services, including without limitation, by: (i) disabling or circumventing features that prevent or limit use or copying of content, or which violate copyrighted or otherwise legally protected software; or (ii) reverse engineering or otherwise attempting to extract the source code of the Services or any part thereof, except to the extent that such activity is expressly permitted by applicable law;
Perform any fraudulent activity using or in connection with the Services, including impersonating any person or entity, claiming false affiliations, accessing the accounts or passwords of others without permission, or falsifying your age, date of birth, or contact information; or
Attempt to do any of the foregoing in this Section, or assist or permit any persons in engaging in any of the activities described in this Section.
Content Definitions
There are various types of content involved in providing and operating the Services. Throughout the remainder of these Terms, we will use the term “Content” to mean all images, photographs, video, text, links, graphics, music, software, audio, information, software, copyrights, trademarks, trade dress, and other materials and intellectual properties comprising or included within the Services. “Aura Content” means Content that Aura makes available to you through the Services, including Content owned by Aura or licensed to Aura from a third party (excluding User Content). “User Content” means any Content posted, uploaded, published, submitted, transmitted, or otherwise made available through the Services by a User, whether or not a Registered User, or whether or not a User owns or created the Content, including all copyrights, inventions, and other Intellectual Property rights. Aura uploads User Content from Users phones to Aura’s servers, but Aura does not own this User Content. “Collective Content” collectively refers to all of the Content available through the Services.
Content Ownership
All Aura Content is owned by Aura or its third-party licensing partners. Your use of the Services does not grant you any rights to the use or control of any of Aura Content, except those rights expressly granted by this Agreement. Any copying, republication, redistribution, or creation of derivative works based upon the Aura Content, including by caching, framing or any similar means, without the prior written consent of Aura is strictly prohibited.
The Services and the Aura Content are protected by copyright, trademark, and other laws of the United States and foreign countries. Except as expressly provided in these Terms, Aura and its licensors exclusively own all right, title and interest in and to the Services and the Aura Content, including all associated Intellectual Property rights. You may not remove, alter or obscure any copyright, trademark, service mark or other proprietary rights notices incorporated in or accompanying the Service or the Aura Content. Aura or its partners shall retain all worldwide rights in and to all Intellectual Property comprising or included within the Aura Content, including, but not limited to all trademarks, graphics, logos, designs, page headers, button icons, scripts, service names, software code, the “look and feel” of the Services, and copyrighted works associated with the Services is common law and/or registered copyrights, trademarks, and/or trade dress of Aura.
You should assume that everything you read or see on the Services — other than your and your friends’ photographs — is copyrighted or otherwise protected and owned by Aura, or a third party who licensed the right to use such content to Aura. Unless otherwise expressly noted, nothing that you read or see on the Services or other Aura Content, or any of the source code or HTML code that Aura uses to generate the Services may be copied, reproduced, modified, distributed, transmitted, republished, displayed, or performed for commercial use without the prior written consent of Aura or the appropriate Content owner without prior written consent, except as provided in these Terms or otherwise permitted by relevant law.
No Collective Content may be modified, copied, distributed, framed, reproduced, republished, downloaded, scraped, displayed, posted, transmitted, or sold in any form or by any means, in whole or in part, without Aura’s prior written permission, with the exception of your own User Content that you legally post on the Services. Except for your own User Content, you may not upload or republish Collective Content on any Internet, Intranet or Extranet site or incorporate the information in any other database or compilation, and any other use of the Collective Content is strictly prohibited.
Aura is not the publisher or speaker of User Content or any information on the Services provided by third-party content providers, and Aura is not liable for any claims related to such information. Any mention in the Services of products or websites provided by third parties is for informational purposes only and constitutes neither an endorsement nor a recommendation by Aura. Aura assumes no responsibility for those products or services.
Aura’s License to You
Subject to your compliance with these Terms, Aura grants you, to the extent, it is able to do so, a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable license to access, view, download, print, and otherwise use the Services and the Collective Content as intended.
You agree you will not use, copy, adapt, modify, prepare derivative works based upon, distribute, license, sell, transfer, publicly display, publicly perform, transmit, stream, broadcast or otherwise exploit the Services or Collective Content, except as expressly permitted in these Terms. No licenses or rights are granted to you by implication or otherwise except for the licenses and rights expressly granted in these Terms. Any use of the Services or the Collective Content other than as specifically authorized herein, without the prior written permission of Aura, is strictly prohibited and will immediately terminate the license granted herein. Such unauthorized use may also violate applicable laws including copyright and trademark laws and applicable communications regulations and statutes. Unless explicitly stated herein, nothing in these Terms shall be construed as conferring any license to Intellectual Property rights, whether by estoppel, implication or otherwise. This license is revocable by Aura at any time without notice and with or without cause.
Aura grants you a limited non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, revocable license to download, install and use a copy of the Aura mobile application (the
“Application”
) and to run such copy of the Application solely for your own personal purposes. Furthermore, with respect to any Application accessed through or downloaded from the Apple App Store (an “App Store Sourced Application”), you will only use the App Store Sourced Application on an Apple-branded product that runs Apple iOS; and as permitted by the “Usage Rules” set forth in the Apple App Store Terms of Service.
Your License to Aura
The Aura Services allow Users to upload User Content to the services, primarily photographs. By uploading User Content to the Services you grant Aura a license to use the User Content to provide the Services and display your photographs via the Services. This license is an irrevocable, worldwide, perpetual, non-exclusive, and royalty-free license, to utilize the User Content, in whole or in part, solely for the purpose of providing the Services. These same rights are also granted to Aura’s subsidiaries, affiliates, successors, and assigns. Your grant of this license to Aura does not change your ownership of rights to that User Content, which you continue to own. Aura does not claim ownership rights in your User Content.
You agree that you are solely responsible for all User Content that you make available through the Services, including that you own or have the necessary rights to upload that User Content. By uploading User Content to the Services you represent and warrant that: (1) you either are the sole and exclusive owner of all User Content that you make available through the Services, or that you have all rights, licenses, consents, and releases necessary to utilize and share the User Content, and to grant Aura the rights in such User Content contemplated under these Terms; (2) neither the User Content, your posting, uploading, publication, submission, or transmittal of the User Content, or Aura’s use of the User Content (or any portion thereof) on, through, or by means of the Services will infringe, misappropriate, or violate a third party’s patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret, moral rights, or other Intellectual Property rights, or rights of publicity or privacy, or contractual rights or agreements, or result in the violation of any applicable law or regulation; and (3) any persons identified, depicted, or shown in your User Content, in whole or part, if any, (and if a minor, the parent or guardian of the minor) has provided consent to the use of the User Content on and through the Services.
We do not approve, control or endorse your or anyone else’s User Content and have no obligation to do so. However, we reserve the right (but assume no obligation) to remove or modify any User Content from the Services at any time, for any reason.
Aura respects the Intellectual Property of others. It is our policy to respond expeditiously to legitimate claims of copyright and other Intellectual Property infringement. We will promptly process and investigate notices of alleged infringement and will take appropriate actions under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”) and other applicable Intellectual Property laws. Upon receipt of notices complying or substantially complying with the DMCA, we may act expeditiously to remove or disable access to any material claimed to be infringing or claimed to be the subject of infringing activity and may act expeditiously to remove or disable access to any reference or link to material or activity that is claimed to be infringing. We may terminate access for Users of the Services who are infringers. We reserve the right to remove Content alleged to be infringing without prior notice, at our sole discretion, and without liability to you. In appropriate circumstances, Aura will also terminate a User’s account if the User is determined to be a repeat infringer.
We do not approve, control or endorse your or anyone else’s User Content and have no obligation to do so. However, we reserve the right (but assume no obligation) to remove or modify any User Content from the Services at any time, for any reason.
Notifying Aura of Copyright Infringement
To provide Aura with notice of an infringement, you must provide a written communication to the attention of “Aura: DMCA Notification Department” at
mca@auraframes.com
that sets forth the information specified by the DMCA (which may be available at:
http://www.copyright.gov/title17/92chap5.html#512
). Please note that you may be liable for damages (including costs and attorneys’ fees) if you materially misrepresent that an activity is infringing your copyright.
We must receive the following information from you:
An electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright or other Intellectual Property interest;
A description of the copyrighted work or other Intellectual Property that you claim has been infringed;
A detailed description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located or found on the Services;
Your address, telephone number, and email address;
A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and
A statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your Notice is accurate and that you are the copyright or Intellectual Property owner or authorized to act on the copyright or Intellectual Property owner's behalf.
Providing Aura with Counter-Notification
If we remove or disable access to content in response to an infringement notice, we may make reasonable attempts to contact the owner or administrator of the affected content. If your material has been removed and you feel that your material does not constitute infringement, you may provide us with a counter notification by written communication to the attention of “Aura: DMCA Counter Notification Department” at
dmca@auraframes.com
that sets forth all of the necessary information required by the DMCA (which may be available at:
http://www.copyright.gov/title17/92chap5.html#512
). Please note that you may be liable for damages (including costs and attorneys’ fees) if you materially misrepresent that an activity is not infringing the copyrights of others. If you are uncertain whether an activity constitutes infringement, we recommended seeking advice of an attorney.
Aura may employ third-party advertising and marketing to deliver ads, information, and other promotions to you outside of the Services, such as on third-party websites or platforms. By agreeing to our Terms, you agree to receive such advertising and marketing from Aura. Aura may compile and release information regarding you and your use of the Services on an anonymous basis as part of a customer profile or similar report or analysis.
Aura and its licensors and partners own all rights, titles, and interests in and to the Services, and all related Intellectual Property rights, including all registered and unregistered trademarks, trade dress, graphics, logos, designs, page headers, button icons, scripts, service names, software code, inventions, copyrights, and copyrightable works, and any suggestions, ideas, enhancement requests, feedback, recommendations or other information provided by you or any other party relating to the Services (collectively, the
“Aura IP”
). The Aura IP may not be used in connection with any product or service in any manner that is likely to cause confusion or otherwise violate the rights granted to us in the Aura IP, including use of any the Aura IP as part of third-party trademarks, trade dress, and/or as part of domain names, email addresses, account names or handles, or other digital properties.
This Agreement is not a sale and does not convey to you any rights of ownership in or related to the Services, or any Intellectual Property rights owned by Aura. The Aura name, the Aura logos, and designs, and the product and service names associated with the Services are trademarks of Aura or its affiliated third parties, and no right or license is granted to you by this Agreement to use the Aura IP for purposes not directly related to your use of the Services.
The Services may contain links to third-party websites or resources. You acknowledge and agree that Aura shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such site or resource.
As part of your use of the Services, you may be asked to elect to receive certain email notifications from Aura and its partners. These messages may include event updates and other promotions. Your election to receive such messages represents your express written consent to receiving emails from Aura related to the Services. You may opt out of receiving certain notifications in association with the Services by completing the opt-out process provided to you with each email message. By opting-out of receiving notifications, you understand that we may not be able to communicate important information to you. Please note we may still contact you regarding certain important Services announcements or notifications even if you have opted-out from other messages.
You consent to receive from Aura all communications, including notices, agreements, legally required disclosures or other information in connection with the Services (collectively,
“Notices”
) electronically. Aura may provide such Notices by posting them on or within the Services, by electronic mail to your email address on record in Aura’s account information, or by written communication sent by first class mail or pre-paid post to your address on record. You agree that we may communicate with you regarding Aura and other entities by electronic means to your mobile device and that certain information about your usage of the Services may be communicated to us. In the event you change or deactivate your mobile device, you agree to promptly update your information to ensure that your messages are not sent to the person that acquires your old device.
Aura may change, suspend or discontinue the Services for any reason, at any time, including the availability of any Services, features, or Content, without notice to you. Aura may also impose limits on certain services, features, or Content, or restrict your access to parts or all of the Services with or without notice to you.
Aura may also terminate or suspend your use of or access to the Services at any time, immediately, without notice, and without refund, for any violation of these Terms, in our sole and absolute discretion. Upon such termination or suspension, you must immediately cease accessing or using the Services, and agree not to access, re-download, re-register or otherwise make use of, or attempt to use, the Services.
Aura may also remove or disable access to any Collective Content and suspend or ban your access to the Services or any Aura account at any time for any violation of these Terms, including, but not limited to, upon receipt of claims or allegations from third parties or authorities relating to such content. To report violations of the Terms, please contact Aura using the information below. You are solely responsible for your interactions with other Users of the Services. Aura reserves the right but has no obligation, to monitor disputes between you and other Users.
You acknowledge that we reserve the right to take action, technical, legal, or otherwise, to block, nullify, or deny your ability to access the Services. You understand that we may exercise this right in our sole discretion, and this right shall be in addition to and not in substitution for any other rights and remedies otherwise available to Aura. Continued use of the Services, its components, databases, or documentation, or any part thereof, after termination is a breach of the terms of this Agreement and a violation of copyright laws. You acknowledge that we may disable access to, refuse to post, or modify or remove any information or content, in whole or in part, for any reason or no reason at all. All provisions of this Agreement, which by their nature should survive termination, shall survive the termination of this Agreement, including, without limitation, provisions regarding ownership, warranty disclaimers, indemnity, and limitations of liability.
You agree to comply fully with all U.S. and foreign export laws and regulations to ensure that neither the Services, nor any technical data related thereto, nor any direct product thereof, is exported or re-exported directly or indirectly in violation of, or used for any purposes prohibited by, such laws and regulations. By using the Services, you represent and warrant that: (1) you are not located in a country that is subject to a U.S. Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S. Government as a “terrorist supporting” country; and (2) you are not listed on any U.S. Government list of prohibited or restricted parties.
The Services are controlled and operated by Aura from within the United States. Aura makes no representations that materials contained within the Services are appropriate or available for use in other locations, and access to the Services from locations where such activity is illegal is prohibited. Those who choose to use the Services from other locations do so of their own initiative and are solely responsible for compliance with all applicable laws.
You shall indemnify and hold harmless Aura its subsidiaries, affiliates, successors or assigns and their respective directors, officers, shareholders, and employees against any and all loss, injury, death, damage, liability, claim, deficiency, action, judgment, interest, award, penalty, fine, cost or expense, including reasonable attorney and professional fees and costs, and the cost of enforcing any right to indemnification hereunder and the cost of pursuing any insurance providers arising out of or related to the Services, use of the Services, violation of the Terms, or the infringement by you of any Intellectual Property, or violation of any right of any person or entity by you or any third party using your information, login, or password.
You acknowledge that Aura has no control over, and no duty to take any action regarding: (1) which Users gain access to the Services; (2) what effects the Content or the Services may have on you; (3) how you may interpret or use the Content or the Services; or (4) what actions you may take as a result of having been exposed to the Content or the Services.
You release Aura from all liability for you having acquired or not acquired Content through the Services. The Services may contain, or direct you to sites containing, information that some people may find offensive or inappropriate. Aura makes no representations concerning any content contained in or accessed through the Services, and Aura will not be responsible or liable for the accuracy, copyright compliance, legality or decency of material contained in or accessed through the Services. Aura makes no guarantee or warranty, express or implied, as to the reliability, accuracy, timeliness or completeness of that information and assumes no responsibility for any errors or omissions therein. Aura cannot guarantee that you will obtain the results you seek or warrant that Services will be error-free. Aura makes no representation or warranty of any kind with respect to the use of Services or the use or accuracy of the information on the Services.
USER ACCESSES THE SERVICES AT HIS OR HER OWN RISK. THE SERVICES IS PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS, AS AVAILABLE” BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, AS TO THE DESCRIPTION, QUALITY, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR COMPLETENESS OF ANY SERVICES PROVIDED HEREUNDER OR DESCRIBED HEREIN, OR AS TO ANY OTHER MATTER, ALL OF WHICH WARRANTIES BY AURA ARE HEREBY DISCLAIMED. NEITHER AURA NOR ANY PARENT COMPANIES, SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, LICENSORS, EMPLOYEES OR AGENTS WARRANT THAT THE SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE AND NO WARRANTY IS MADE AS TO THE RESULTS TO BE OBTAINED FROM USE OF THE SERVICES. THIS DISCLAIMER IS APPLICABLE TO ANY DAMAGE OR INJURY RESULTING FROM NEGLIGENCE OR OMISSION OF AURA, COMPUTER VIRUS OR OTHER SIMILAR ITEM, TELECOMMUNICATIONS ERRORS, OR UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR USE OF USER INFORMATION THROUGH THEFT OR ANY OTHER MEANS. IN NO EVENT WILL AURA OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES, AGENTS, EMPLOYEES, ASSIGNS OR THIRD-PARTY CONTENT PROVIDERS BE HELD LIABLE FOR ANY CRIMINAL, TORTIOUS, OR NEGLIGENT ACTIONS OR OMISSIONS, OR ILLEGAL CONDUCT OF USERS OF THE SERVICES.
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT THAT ANY EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF ITS LIABILITY IS VOID, PROHIBITED OR UNENFORCEABLE BY APPLICABLE LAW, NEITHER AURA NOR ITS AFFILIATES, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS OR THIRD-PARTY CONTENT PROVIDERS SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS RESULTING FROM USE OR UNAVAILABILITY OF INFORMATION OR CONTENT ON THE SERVICES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY LOST PROFITS, LOSS OF REVENUE, LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF OR DAMAGE TO DATA OR INFORMATION OF ANY KIND, DAMAGE TO EQUIPMENT, HARDWARE OR OTHER PROPERTY OF USER, PERSONAL INJURY, OR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, COMPENSATORY OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES (WHETHER THE CLAIM IS BASED UPON BREACH OF CONTRACT, BREACH OF WARRANTY, STRICT LIABILITY, NEGLIGENCE, TORT OR OTHER LEGAL THEORY) ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR IN CONNECTION WITH USE OF THE SERVICES OR CONTENT, OR FOR ANY DIRECT DAMAGES IN EXCESS OF $100 (IN THE AGGREGATE), EVEN IF THEY HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS AND EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
The “Disclaimer” and “Limitation of Liability” provisions of this Agreement are for the benefit of Aura as defined herein, and each of these individuals or entities shall have the right to assert and enforce these provisions directly against you on its own behalf.
Entire Agreement
The Terms, including the incorporated Aura Privacy Notice, constitutes the entire agreement between Users of the Services and Aura regarding Users’ use of and access to the Services. Your use of the Services is intended for your enjoyment and benefit and the provision of the Services to you constitutes the sole and sufficient consideration that you are entitled to receive for any content or other contributions you have made to the Services.
Waiver & Severability
The failure of Aura to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be deemed a waiver of such right or provision. In the event that any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable, then that provision will be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary, and the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in full force and effect.
Controlling Law & Jurisdiction
These Terms and any action related thereto will be governed by the laws of the State of California without regard to or application of its conflict of law provisions or your state or country of residence. All claims, legal proceedings or litigation arising in connection with the Services will be brought solely in the federal or state courts located in California, United States, and you consent to the jurisdiction of and venue in such courts and waive any objection as to inconvenient forum. Neither the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods nor any enactment of the Uniform Computer Information Transactions Act shall apply to this Agreement. You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of, related to or connected with the use of the Services or this Agreement must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever banned. In any action or proceeding to enforce or interpret this Agreement, the prevailing party will be entitled to recover from the other party its costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees) incurred in connection with such action or proceeding and enforcing any judgment or order obtained.
Transfer & Assignment
This Agreement and the rights and obligations hereunder may not be assigned, in whole or in part, by you without the written consent of Aura. Aura may assign this Agreement upon ten (10) days prior written notice to you provided via email (if available) and by posting notice to the Services. This Agreement shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the successors, representatives and permitted assigns of the parties hereto.
No Independent Contractor or Joint Venture
The parties shall be independent contractors under this Agreement, and nothing herein will constitute either party as the employer, employee, agent or representative of the other party, or both parties as joint venturers or partners for any purpose.
Aura may modify these Terms of Service from time to time. The most current version of these Terms will govern your use of the Services and will be located at
https://auraframes.com/terms
. We will notify you of material changes to these Terms by posting a notice at the Services. By continuing to access or use the Services after those changes become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Terms of Service.
Aura Frames
148 Lafayette Street, Floor 5
New York, NY 10013
Email:
help@auraframes.com
Phone:
+1 (646) 630-7237
Updated October 2019
'\n
Aura respects the Intellectual Property of others. It is our policy to respond expeditiously to legitimate claims of copyright and other Intellectual Property infringement. We will promptly process and investigate notices of alleged infringement and will take appropriate actions under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”) and other applicable Intellectual Property laws. Upon receipt of notices complying or substantially complying with the DMCA, we may act expeditiously to remove or disable access to any material claimed to be infringing or claimed to be the subject of infringing activity and may act expeditiously to remove or disable access to any reference or link to material or activity that is claimed to be infringing. We may terminate access for Users of the Services who are infringers. We reserve the right to remove Content alleged to be infringing without prior notice, at our sole discretion, and without liability to you. In appropriate circumstances, Aura will also terminate a User’s account if the User is determined to be a repeat infringer.
We do not approve, control or endorse your or anyone else’s User Content and have no obligation to do so. However, we reserve the right (but assume no obligation) to remove or modify any User Content from the Services at any time, for any reason.
Notifying Aura of Copyright Infringement
To provide Aura with notice of an infringement, you must provide a written communication to the attention of “Aura: DMCA Notification Department” at  that sets forth the information specified by the DMCA (which may be available at:
http://www.copyright.gov/title17/92chap5.html#512
). Please note that you may be liable for damages (including costs and attorneys’ fees) if you materially misrepresent that an activity is infringing your copyright.
We must receive the following information from you:
An electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright or other Intellectual Property interest;
A description of the copyrighted work or other Intellectual Property that you claim has been infringed;
A detailed description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located or found on the Services;
Your address, telephone number, and email address;
A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and
A statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your Notice is accurate and that you are the copyright or Intellectual Property owner or authorized to act on the copyright or Intellectual Property owner's behalf.
Providing Aura with Counter-Notification
If we remove or disable access to content in response to an infringement notice, we may make reasonable attempts to contact the owner or administrator of the affected content. If your material has been removed and you feel that your material does not constitute infringement, you may provide us with a counter notification by written communication to the attention of “Aura: DMCA Counter Notification Department” at
dmca@auraframes.com
that sets forth all of the necessary information required by the DMCA (which may be available at:
http://www.copyright.gov/title17/92chap5.html#512
). Please note that you may be liable for damages (including costs and attorneys’ fees) if you materially misrepresent that an activity is not infringing the copyrights of others. If you are uncertain whether an activity constitutes infringement, we recommended seeking advice of an attorney.
September 1st - 14th 2019 Sale Terms & Conditions:
Offer valid September 1st, 2019 at 12:01AM PDT through September 14th. 2019 at 11:59PM PT, valid online only. Offer not valid in any other location besides auraframes.com. Cannot be combined with any other offers or promotions. Offer has no cash value and is not valid on previous purchases or the purchase of physical or digital gift cards. Discount only applies to the Modern Frame in Slate, Stone or Stardust. Only valid in the United States.
July 15th & 16th 2019 Sale Terms & Conditions:
Offer valid July 15th, 2019 at 12:01AM PT through July 16th. 2019 at 11:59PM PT, valid online only. Offer not valid in any other location besides auraframes.com. Cannot be combined with any other offers or promotions. Offer has no cash value and is not valid on previous purchases or the purchase of physical or digital gift cards. Discount only applies to the Modern Frame in Slate, Stone or Stardust. Only valid in the United States.
If you have any questions, please contact us at
help@auraframes.com
.
Aura may employ third-party advertising and marketing to deliver ads, information, and other promotions to you outside of the Services, such as on third-party websites or platforms. By agreeing to our Terms, you agree to receive such advertising and marketing from Aura. Aura may compile and release information regarding you and your use of the Services on an anonymous basis as part of a customer profile or similar report or analysis.
Aura and its licensors and partners own all rights, titles, and interests in and to the Services, and all related Intellectual Property rights, including all registered and unregistered trademarks, trade dress, graphics, logos, designs, page headers, button icons, scripts, service names, software code, inventions, copyrights, and copyrightable works, and any suggestions, ideas, enhancement requests, feedback, recommendations or other information provided by you or any other party relating to the Services (collectively, the
“Aura IP”
). The Aura IP may not be used in connection with any product or service in any manner that is likely to cause confusion or otherwise violate the rights granted to us in the Aura IP, including use of any the Aura IP as part of third-party trademarks, trade dress, and/or as part of domain names, email addresses, account names or handles, or other digital properties.
This Agreement is not a sale and does not convey to you any rights of ownership in or related to the Services, or any Intellectual Property rights owned by Aura. The Aura name, the Aura logos, and designs, and the product and service names associated with the Services are trademarks of Aura or its affiliated third parties, and no right or license is granted to you by this Agreement to use the Aura IP for purposes not directly related to your use of the Services.
The Services may contain links to third-party websites or resources. You acknowledge and agree that Aura shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such site or resource.
As part of your use of the Services, you may be asked to elect to receive certain email notifications from Aura and its partners. These messages may include event updates and other promotions. Your election to receive such messages represents your express written consent to receiving emails from Aura related to the Services. You may opt out of receiving certain notifications in association with the Services by completing the opt-out process provided to you with each email message. By opting-out of receiving notifications, you understand that we may not be able to communicate important information to you. Please note we may still contact you regarding certain important Services announcements or notifications even if you have opted-out from other messages.
You consent to receive from Aura all communications, including notices, agreements, legally required disclosures or other information in connection with the Services (collectively,
“Notices”
) electronically. Aura may provide such Notices by posting them on or within the Services, by electronic mail to your email address on record in Aura’s account information, or by written communication sent by first class mail or pre-paid post to your address on record. You agree that we may communicate with you regarding Aura and other entities by electronic means to your mobile device and that certain information about your usage of the Services may be communicated to us. In the event you change or deactivate your mobile device, you agree to promptly update your information to ensure that your messages are not sent to the person that acquires your old device.
Aura may change, suspend or discontinue the Services for any reason, at any time, including the availability of any Services, features, or Content, without notice to you. Aura may also impose limits on certain services, features, or Content, or restrict your access to parts or all of the Services with or without notice to you.
Aura may also terminate or suspend your use of or access to the Services at any time, immediately, without notice, and without refund, for any violation of these Terms, in our sole and absolute discretion. Upon such termination or suspension, you must immediately cease accessing or using the Services, and agree not to access, re-download, re-register or otherwise make use of, or attempt to use, the Services.
Aura may also remove or disable access to any Collective Content and suspend or ban your access to the Services or any Aura account at any time for any violation of these Terms, including, but not limited to, upon receipt of claims or allegations from third parties or authorities relating to such content. To report violations of the Terms, please contact Aura using the information below. You are solely responsible for your interactions with other Users of the Services. Aura reserves the right but has no obligation, to monitor disputes between you and other Users.
You acknowledge that we reserve the right to take action, technical, legal, or otherwise, to block, nullify, or deny your ability to access the Services. You understand that we may exercise this right in our sole discretion, and this right shall be in addition to and not in substitution for any other rights and remedies otherwise available to Aura. Continued use of the Services, its components, databases, or documentation, or any part thereof, after termination is a breach of the terms of this Agreement and a violation of copyright laws. You acknowledge that we may disable access to, refuse to post, or modify or remove any information or content, in whole or in part, for any reason or no reason at all. All provisions of this Agreement, which by their nature should survive termination, shall survive the termination of this Agreement, including, without limitation, provisions regarding ownership, warranty disclaimers, indemnity, and limitations of liability.
You agree to comply fully with all U.S. and foreign export laws and regulations to ensure that neither the Services, nor any technical data related thereto, nor any direct product thereof, is exported or re-exported directly or indirectly in violation of, or used for any purposes prohibited by, such laws and regulations. By using the Services, you represent and warrant that: (1) you are not located in a country that is subject to a U.S. Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S. Government as a “terrorist supporting” country; and (2) you are not listed on any U.S. Government list of prohibited or restricted parties.
The Services are controlled and operated by Aura from within the United States. Aura makes no representations that materials contained within the Services are appropriate or available for use in other locations, and access to the Services from locations where such activity is illegal is prohibited. Those who choose to use the Services from other locations do so of their own initiative and are solely responsible for compliance with all applicable laws.
You shall indemnify and hold harmless Aura its subsidiaries, affiliates, successors or assigns and their respective directors, officers, shareholders, and employees against any and all loss, injury, death, damage, liability, claim, deficiency, action, judgment, interest, award, penalty, fine, cost or expense, including reasonable attorney and professional fees and costs, and the cost of enforcing any right to indemnification hereunder and the cost of pursuing any insurance providers arising (directly or indirectly) out of or related to the Services, use of the Services, the User Content, violation or breach of the Terms, or the infringement by you of any Intellectual Property, or violation of any right of any person or entity by you or any third party using your information, login, or password.
You acknowledge that Aura has no control over, and no duty to take any action regarding: (1) which Users gain access to the Services; (2) what effects the Content or the Services may have on you; (3) how you may interpret or use the Content or the Services; or (4) what actions you may take as a result of having been exposed to the Content or the Services.
You release Aura from all liability for you having acquired or not acquired Content through the Services. The Services may contain, or direct you to sites containing, information that some people may find offensive or inappropriate. Aura makes no representations concerning any content contained in or accessed through the Services, and Aura will not be responsible or liable for the accuracy, copyright compliance, legality or decency of material contained in or accessed through the Services. Aura makes no guarantee or warranty, express or implied, as to the reliability, accuracy, timeliness or completeness of that information and assumes no responsibility for any errors or omissions therein. Aura cannot guarantee that you will obtain the results you seek or warrant that Services will be error-free. Aura makes no representation or warranty of any kind with respect to the use of Services or the use or accuracy of the information on the Services.
USER ACCESSES THE SERVICES AT HIS OR HER OWN RISK. THE SERVICES IS PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS, AS AVAILABLE” BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, AS TO THE DESCRIPTION, QUALITY, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR COMPLETENESS OF ANY SERVICES PROVIDED HEREUNDER OR DESCRIBED HEREIN, OR AS TO ANY OTHER MATTER, ALL OF WHICH WARRANTIES BY AURA ARE HEREBY DISCLAIMED. NEITHER AURA NOR ANY PARENT COMPANIES, SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, LICENSORS, EMPLOYEES OR AGENTS WARRANT THAT THE SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE AND NO WARRANTY IS MADE AS TO THE RESULTS TO BE OBTAINED FROM USE OF THE SERVICES. THIS DISCLAIMER IS APPLICABLE TO ANY DAMAGE OR INJURY RESULTING FROM NEGLIGENCE OR OMISSION OF AURA, COMPUTER VIRUS OR OTHER SIMILAR ITEM, TELECOMMUNICATIONS ERRORS, OR UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR USE OF USER INFORMATION THROUGH THEFT OR ANY OTHER MEANS. IN NO EVENT WILL AURA OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES, AGENTS, EMPLOYEES, ASSIGNS OR THIRD-PARTY CONTENT PROVIDERS BE HELD LIABLE FOR ANY CRIMINAL, TORTIOUS, OR NEGLIGENT ACTIONS OR OMISSIONS, OR ILLEGAL CONDUCT OF USERS OF THE SERVICES.
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT THAT ANY EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF ITS LIABILITY IS VOID, PROHIBITED OR UNENFORCEABLE BY APPLICABLE LAW, NEITHER AURA NOR ITS AFFILIATES, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS OR THIRD-PARTY CONTENT PROVIDERS SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS RESULTING FROM USE OR UNAVAILABILITY OF INFORMATION OR CONTENT ON THE SERVICES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY LOST PROFITS, LOSS OF REVENUE, LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF OR DAMAGE TO DATA OR INFORMATION OF ANY KIND, DAMAGE TO EQUIPMENT, HARDWARE OR OTHER PROPERTY OF USER, PERSONAL INJURY, OR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, COMPENSATORY OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES (WHETHER THE CLAIM IS BASED UPON BREACH OF CONTRACT, BREACH OF WARRANTY, STRICT LIABILITY, NEGLIGENCE, TORT OR OTHER LEGAL THEORY) ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR IN CONNECTION WITH USE OF THE SERVICES OR CONTENT, OR FOR ANY DIRECT DAMAGES IN EXCESS OF $100 (IN THE AGGREGATE), EVEN IF THEY HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS AND EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE REMEDIES SET FORTH IN THESE TERMS ARE YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDIES. YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY FOR ANY OTHER DISPUTE WITH AURA IS TO DISCONTINUE YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES OR ANY SERVICE OFFERED BY AURA.
The “Disclaimer” and “Limitation of Liability” provisions of this Agreement are for the benefit of Aura as defined herein, and each of these individuals or entities shall have the right to assert and enforce these provisions directly against you on its own behalf.
Entire Agreement
The Terms, including the incorporated Aura Privacy Notice, constitutes the entire agreement between Users of the Services and Aura regarding Users’ use of and access to the Services. Your use of the Services is intended for your enjoyment and benefit and the provision of the Services to you constitutes the sole and sufficient consideration that you are entitled to receive for any content or other contributions you have made to the Services.
Waiver & Severability
The failure of Aura to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be deemed a waiver of such right or provision. In the event that any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable, then that provision will be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary, and the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in full force and effect.
Controlling Law & Jurisdiction
These Terms and any action related thereto will be governed by the laws of the State of California without regard to or application of its conflict of law provisions or your state or country of residence. All claims, legal proceedings or litigation arising in connection with the Services will be brought solely in the federal or state courts located in California, United States, and you consent to the jurisdiction of and venue in such courts and waive any objection as to inconvenient forum. Neither the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods nor any enactment of the Uniform Computer Information Transactions Act shall apply to this Agreement. You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of, related to or connected with the use of the Services or this Agreement must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever banned. In any action or proceeding to enforce or interpret this Agreement, the prevailing party will be entitled to recover from the other party its costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees) incurred in connection with such action or proceeding and enforcing any judgment or order obtained.
Transfer & Assignment
This Agreement and the rights and obligations hereunder may not be assigned, in whole or in part, by you without the written consent of Aura. Aura may assign this Agreement upon ten (10) days prior written notice to you provided via email (if available) and by posting notice to the Services. This Agreement shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the successors, representatives and permitted assigns of the parties hereto.
No Independent Contractor or Joint Venture
The parties shall be independent contractors under this Agreement, and nothing herein will constitute either party as the employer, employee, agent or representative of the other party, or both parties as joint venturers or partners for any purpose.
Aura may modify these Terms of Service from time to time. The most current version of these Terms will govern your use of the Services and will be located at
https://auraframes.com/terms
. We will notify you of material changes to these Terms by posting a notice at the Services. By continuing to access or use the Services after those changes become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Terms of Service.
Aura Frames
148 Lafayette Street, Floor 5
New York, NY 10013
Email:
help@auraframes.com
Phone:
+1 (646) 630-7237
Updated May 2021
'\n
We use cookies and similar technologies to
recognize repeat visits
and
measure the effectiveness of campaigns and analyze traffic
. To learn more about how we use your data visit our
Privacy Policy
. By clicking "Accept" on this banner you consent to the use of these technologies unless you have disabled them.
Accept
Reject
Sub-policy 1
https://help.auraframes.com/hc/articles/218345938:
We use essential cookies for site performance to deliver the best possible shopping experience for you, our customers. With your consent, we may also use nonessential cookies to improve your experience. By clicking “Accept” you agree to our
Privacy Policy
. You can manage these settings at any time by clicking Preferences.
Preferences
Essential
These essential cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be disabled. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Functional
These nonessential cookies are used to enhance the functionality of the site. They do not store directly personal information, but do uniquely identify your browser and internet device. By disabling, certain features and experiences on the site may not work.
Performance
These nonessential cookies are used to enhance the performance of the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. By disabling, we will not know that you have visited the site.
Marketing
These nonessential cookies are used to make advertisements more relevant to you. A profile is created regarding your browsing interests and behavior, and is used to customize the ads you see. By disabling, you will experience less targeted advertising.
About
Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user's experience more efficient.
The law states that we can store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the operation of this site. For all other types of cookies we need your permission.
This site uses different types of cookies. Some cookies are placed by third party services that appear on our pages.
You can at any time change or withdraw your consent from the Cookie Declaration on our website.
Learn more about who we are, how you can contact us and how we process personal data in our Privacy Policy.
Please state your consent ID and date when you contact us regarding your consent.
Your consent applies to the following domains: auraframes1730483445.zendesk.com, help.auraframes.com, staging.pushd.com, auraframes.fr, auraframes.de, auraframes.co.uk
Cookie declaration
Accept
Deny
Skip to main content
Aura Customer Care is here to help.
Gift Setup
Frame Setup
Online User Manual
Privacy
Aura Help Center
Product Information
Product Information
At Aura, we understand how important your privacy is, which is why we take the protection of personal data very seriously.
We process your data in accordance with the applicable laws and principles regarding personal data, including the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and the US state-level laws.
Aura was created as a more private way for loved ones to share and connect over photos and videos, thus sharing more personal and everyday memories that they would otherwise limit on bigger social networks. As our most precious memories are increasingly digital, Aura frames give a dedicated and safe space in the home to enjoy them with the people you invite.
In respect to our customers’ privacy, our product design, processes, employees and company are guided and regularly audited by the following principles:
Our Privacy Tenets
We only collect data as required to offer, improve or market our products and services.
We don't sell your data.
We keep your personal information and data secure.
We make it easy to exercise your regional privacy rights.
We explain exactly what we’re doing with your data in clear and common language.
What we say is what we do.
If we make significant changes to our privacy policy or processes, we’ll let you know.
Our processes and actions are guided by all applicable, regional, privacy laws.
Overview of what we do and don't do
To help you understand the more detailed
Privacy Policy,
here’s a quick summary of what we do and how you can opt out of certain services. Further below, you will find a helpful list of answers to the most common privacy questions.
What we DO with your data
What we DON'T do with your data
Send
your selected photos and videos - and their metadata - to our secure servers so we can help you manage them and deliver them to your frame(s).
Analyze your photos and videos, and their metadata, including by facial geometry analysis so we can group them (by which people are in them, by where they’re taken) to make it easier to pick which ones to display. The facial geometry information never leaves your smart device (phone/tablet). This can be turned off for photos / videos that you didn’t upload (see:
turning off Smart Suggestions).
Allow other people who were invited to contribute to the same frame as you to see and download the photos and videos you send to that frame (more info:
Here
)
.
If you signed up to our marketing newsletter, we collect your email address to share offers and product updates.
Sell your photos to other companies.
Show anyone (other than you) photos or videos of yours that you don’t add to frames (e.g. your photo library)
Use any of the content of your photos for targeted advertising, to sell you things, or otherwise be nosy or creepy.
Summary of Aura's Data Collection
Aura does not sell your data.
Your data, photos and videos remain yours’.  Similar to other photo-sharing platforms, Aura does gather, use, and store data that is required to enable our product and services. This includes:
The photos and videos that you upload so we can display them on your frame(s), including their metadata. This does not include facial geometry information.
Data and permissions, for example granting the Aura Frames app access to photos on your phone’s camera, so you can add them to the frame (
Learn More
).
Details we require in order to ship your product (e.g. address and contact details).
Information we need to store for legal or accounting purposes (e.g. order information).
Any previous communication that we may have had with you, for example when you contacted our Support team for assistance.
Analytics and diagnostic data to improve our products and services for all our customers.
In addition, we may process the following data that you can opt out from:
Facial geometry information to group your photos and to make it easier for you to pick the ones you wish to display. This data only lives on your smart device (phone/tablet). You can disable this service and the collected data by turning off Smart Suggestions.
Website cookies to better understand website performance and market our products. You can reject our optional cookie collection when visiting our site. You can also directly control cookie settings in your browser(s):
Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Microsoft Edge
Apple Safari
Email addresses and/or cell phone numbers for our newsletters to keep customers informed about news or deals. Each email and text message includes an "Unsubscribe" or "Stop" option for you to opt out.
We also work with partners to serve targeted advertisements.
If you want to avoid any Aura advertisements targeted to you based on your information, you’ll want to both clear your cookies (as described above) and send an opt-out request to
privacy@auraframes.com
.
If you would like to delete your entire Aura account - including all your uploaded photos and account information - you can do so directly in your Aura Frames app (> "View Account" > "Account Data") or by contacting
privacy@auraframes.com
to request account deletion.
Most Common Questions about Privacy
Who owns the photos/videos, their copyrights and their metadata?
Do you store my photos on your server?
Are any photos stored on the frame itself?
What type of server do you use to store my files?
How do you protect my photos/videos on your server?
In what country/countries are my files stored?
If we delete a photo from the frame, is it deleted from your server?
If I delete my account, will this remove my files from your server?
Do you have any backups? Will deleting my account also purge these backups?
Are my photos and video edits processed on my local frame or your server?
Are our photos/videos processed through AI to spot explicit/illegal content?
What exactly is “Smart Suggestions”?
Your Privacy Policy states I need “written consent” of the individuals in my photos?
Do you use Facial Analysis? If so, where does the processing take place?
What are “close proximity” events? Is Aura capturing images of us?
How does the “Light sensor” work? Is this a camera?
Do you share my pictures, videos or other data with government agencies?
Do your employees and staff have the ability to see my photos/videos?
Can other frame members see my photos and/or photo library?
If I send pictures to a family member’s frame, can their contact list be accessed?
Why do I see “somebody liked your photos” notifications? Have I been hacked?
What was the latest Privacy Policy update?
Effective November 13, 2024 Aura updated the language in our global privacy policy to align to US state laws and to make the policy easier to read and understand. Here’s what you should know about this update:
There are no changes to the data we collect or how we process it.
Aura is committed to protecting your photos and personal data in compliance with applicable laws and data protection principles. To review these details and manage your preferences, visit our
privacy policy
.
We added language to reflect state laws for US residents:
The new language specifies what and how information is necessary when a US customer uses Aura's products and features in accordance with data privacy laws.
Improved readability:
We've reformatted and refined the language in our privacy policy to make it easier to read and understand.
We encourage you to review the updated
privacy policy
and the Q&A in this Privacy FAQ.  If you have any questions, please contact
privacy@auraframes.com
.
Thank you for your continued trust in us.
(
Back to all questions
)
1) Who owns the photos and videos and the copyright to the photos and their metadata that we upload to your server and the frame?
Aura makes no claims to ownership of photos or metadata that Aura users upload to frames. Users do grant Aura the right to
display
photos (solely to provide its services), as discussed in Section 7 of Aura’s
Terms of Service
. Ownership rights (copyright) remain with the individual who took the photo or video originally (or otherwise obtained the rights).
(
Back to all questions
)
2) Do you store my photos on your server?
Yes, any photos or videos that you upload to your frame — via a smartphone or tablet, the web uploader or Google Photos — are stored securely on Aura’s cloud servers, from where they are displayed on your frame. We do not store any of your other photos or videos that you did not upload.
(
Back to all questions
)
3) Are any photos stored on the frame itself?
Any photos or videos that you upload to your frame — via a smartphone or tablet, the web uploader or Google Photos — are stored securely on Aura’s cloud servers, from where they are displayed on your frame. This allows us to offer our customers unlimited photo storage.
A small number of files are temporarily stored (= cached) on your Aura frame so it can continue to display photos for a brief period of time during temporary WiFi loss. After 24 hours, the frame will display a “lost connection” error message.
(
Back to all questions
)
4) What type of server do you use to store my files?
We use Amazon Web Services (AWS),
the world's most comprehensive and broadly adopted cloud platform,
to store all uploaded photos and videos.
(
Back to all questions
)
5) How do you protect my photos/videos on your server?
Aura takes data protection extremely seriously. In order to ensure that your data is safe from unauthorized access, we put the following mechanisms in place:
We secure all data in transit, using HTTPS / TLS v1.2 on all uploads from customer devices to our servers, and all downloads from our servers and content-delivery networks to customer frames.
We secure your image and video data at rest, with Advanced Encryption Standard (AES-256) storage using unique and regularly rotated keys.
We secure our application servers by keeping up-to-date on security patches.
We secure our company against social engineering and other attacks with strong password policies.
We limit, log, and audit employee access to customer data.
We secure user credentials, for instance by storing only salted and hashed passwords.
(
Back to all questions
)
6) In what country or countries might my pictures be stored or processed?
Uploaded photos and videos are stored and processed in the United States. For frames outside the US, photos may additionally be cached temporarily in AWS servers located closer to the country in which the frame resides. This “Content Delivery Network” (CDN) provides high availability and performance by distributing the data closer to end-user locations.
(
Back to all questions
)
7) Will deleting photos / videos remove them from your server?
When a user deletes a photo or video from their frame,
using the Aura app’s “remove” feature
, the file will be immediately and permanently removed from our servers and frames. If they delete their Aura account all of their photos are deleted from our servers and all of the frames they contribute to.
Please note:
Deleting the Aura App from your device does not remove any of the uploaded photos / videos that came from that device
Logging out of the Aura App does not delete any photos or videos
Deleting a photo from Google Photos does not remove that photo from our server (= frame) unless you also remove it via the Aura app
Revoking photo permissions does not cause photos you sent us to be deleted
(
Back to all questions
)
8) If I delete my account are all my photos and videos purged from the server?
Yes,
if you delete your Aura Frames account
, we will automatically remove any uploaded photos or videos from the frame and from our server. Before considering this option, please be aware that any previous uploads linked to your account will disappear from the frame(s).
(
Back to all questions
)
9) Do you have backups of my pictures or videos?  If I delete my account do you purge my data from all of your backups?
We maintain fault-tolerant copies of photos and videos so that they’re secure in the event of system issues, but we do not keep archival backups. Should we introduce backups for contingency reasons, we will ensure that those data copies get purged automatically when a user deletes their Aura account.
(
Back to all questions
)
10) Are my photos and video edits processed on my local frame or on your server?
The photos and videos are transformed/cropped by our servers, then color-corrected locally on the frame itself to match each frame’s unique display.
(
Back to all questions
)
11) Are our photos or videos processed through AI or other human or algorithmic means looking for “patterns” or matches that may include explicit or illegal content?
Aura is not a law enforcement agency and we don’t apply any algorithms to identify and report any type of explicit or illegal content.
(
Back to all questions
)
12) What exactly is “Smart Suggestions”?
Smart Suggestions is not one single feature but a banner for a family of features that offer advanced photo recommendations. When activated, Smart Suggestions collect and process certain photo metadata and facial geometry information  from your uploaded photos and from photos to which you have granted Aura access in your connected photo libraries. The facial geometry information never leaves your smart device (phone/tablet).
This currently includes:
Highlights / Face Filters / People Search
An optional photo recommendation feature that uses metadata and facial geometry information to recommend photos for customers to add to their frame. The facial geometry information is processed locally on the customer’s device (phone/tablet), enabling app prompts for certain photo recommendations (i.e. “Add more photos of the people you’ve already selected for your frame.”)
Customers can opt out of "Smart Suggestions" but this disables the above feature.
If you wish to opt-out, please follow these steps:
Open the Aura Frames App
Tap on the "A" icon in the top left corner
Tap on "View Account" (underneath your account name)
Scroll down to "Smart Suggestions" and change the toggle to "Off"
Once disabled, the app will no longer process any facial geometry analysis and any previously collected facial geometry information will be erased from your device (phone/tablet).
(
Back to all questions
)
13) Your Privacy Policy states I need to get “written consent” of the individuals in the photographs — is that right?
Unless a user has opted out from “Smart Suggestions” (
Photo / Video Access and Privacy
), Aura may perform facial geometry analysis to offer y  value-added features, including “Highlights / Face Filters  (see
question 12
).
In certain regions and under certain interpretations of local laws, Aura may not be allowed to do this sort of analysis on photos of individuals who have not consented to it. We acknowledge that this permission may not always be easy to obtain, so you can simply disable Smart Suggestions in the absence of such consent (see question 12)
(
Back to all questions
)
14) Do you use facial analysis? If so, does the processing take place in the cloud or on device?
Aura currently uses facial geometry analysis to support value-add features, including “Highlights” / “Face Filter” Users can opt out of these features by turning off the Smart Suggestions option as explained in
question 12
.
When active, the facial geometry analysis process occurs only  on the user’s phone/tablet itself and no information  will be uploaded to our servers.
(
Back to all questions
)
15) What are “close proximity events”? Is Aura capturing images of us?
Some of our early product ranges that were sold via our official retail channels before 2021 offered the following “close proximity” features:
activate the frame when a person entered the room
allow users to change an image by waving in front of the frame
This was enabled via the following hardware:
a simple "
passive infrared sensor
" (PIR), of the type commonly used in security or automatic lighting applications. This sensor enabled the "presence" detection.
an
infrared gesture recognition sensor
, which incorporated a very low-resolution Infrared (IR) camera to detect simple gestures to control the frame, of the same sort as is sometimes included on smartphones.
The low-resolution IR camera neither recorded any photos nor did it offer the necessary resolution to identify anything beyond movements. Both hardware elements are no longer used in any frames that have been sold by us or our official retailers since 2021.
(
Back to all questions
)
16) How does the “light sensor” work? Is this a camera?
All Aura frames come with an ambient light sensor that is not a camera but uses a photodiode to automatically adjust the display brightness to the environment. The sensor also enables the automatic “On/Off” function where a frame goes to sleep if the room is dark.
(
Back to all questions
)
17) Do you share my pictures, videos or other data with government agencies at any time or for any reason?
Aura has not shared any data with government agencies but situations may arise that require us to do so on a case-by-case basis. In general, we’ll respond to and comply with any lawful order, such as from a court, that requires us to provide data. But we’ve been in this business since 2016 and it hasn’t happened yet.
(
Back to all questions
)
18) Do your employees and staff have the ability to see my photos or videos?
The only Aura employees who can access customer photos are a small number of software engineers who develop our software platform and troubleshoot customer issues. They only access specific customer’s photos at the customer’s request, and Aura has strict guidelines and tracking for this process, including an audit log of every photo accessed.
(
Back to all questions
)
19) Can other frame members see my photos and/or photo library?
Aura frames are places of trust where friends and family come together to share their photos and videos. Therefore, there are no different 'roles' as all invited frame members:
Have full control over the frame and app settings
Can see all photos uploaded by all members to the frame (but not their photo libraries)
Can download / share any photos that were uploaded to the frame
This is also explained in this article:
Access Rights for Frame Members
.
We are aware that some customers would like to see customisable member access rights and this is something that we might add at some point in the future. Frame members can be removed but please be aware that this will also remove any photos/videos that they may have uploaded to your frame.
(
Back to Q&A List
)
20) If I send pictures to a family members' frame, can their contact list be accessed by Aura?
Our Aura Frames app only uses the "contact" access permissions to make your contacts visible in the app itself, thus allowing you to easily invite those friends and family members that you would like to contribute to your frame.
If you don't invite anybody via this feature, the access remains — locally — with the app (not with us as a company). In other words, we don’t upload your contact list to Aura. However, if you do use the feature to invite somebody to your frame, we will have to access this particular person's contact information as this is a technical requirement to send out the invitation and to create the link to your frame.
As part of accepting the invitation, the invitee will then have to create their own Aura Frames account at which point they will be able to contribute to your frame.
(
Back to all questions
)
21) Why do I see “somebody liked your photos” notifications? Have I been hacked?
All photos and videos uploaded to your Aura frame are secure, private and only viewable to a closed network of people you personally invite.
Below are some examples of why you may have unexpectedly received a "Your photo has received some love on the frame "XYZ" "
notification
:
An invited frame member accidentally sent love via their app (= the heart icon)
Somebody who lives with the frame accidentally touched the Touch Bar on top of the frame (which triggers a "love" notification > we had cats or children do this before!)
The frame had a defective Touch Bar, thus sending unrequested "love" notifications
Since the love notifications are not immediately sent but collated (to avoid you getting flooded by thousands of individual notifications), they can arrive later in the day, or even at night, when nobody recently requested them.
If you — or another frame member — want to disable these notifications, you can of course turn them off in your smart device settings:
Managing the Aura Frames app notifications.
Alternatively, if you can rule out 1) and 2), we may want to consider a warranty replacement due to an overzealous Touch Bar.
(
Back to all questions
)
If you want to know more, please read our full Privacy Policy
HERE
or click
HERE
for our Terms of Service.
Related articles
Photo / Video Access and Privacy
Online User Manual
Turning your frame on / off
How can I reset my password?
Adding photos & videos to a frame
Need More Support?
Contact Customer Care
Change Region
Selecting a different region may change language and contents of auraframes.com/hc
AMERICAS
United States (English)
Canada (English)
EUROPE
United Kingdom (English)
Germany (Deutsch)
France (Français)
Other
Other (English)
×
Sub-policy 2
https://auraframes.co.uk/mail_to:privacy@auraframes.com%22:
404
Oops! We couldn’t find the page you’re looking for.
Please try again, or visit our
Help Center
.
Sub-policy 3
https://help.auraframes.com/hc/articles/218848137#h_01H9597P3V75PS3BXHM5HEHWQY:
We use essential cookies for site performance to deliver the best possible shopping experience for you, our customers. With your consent, we may also use nonessential cookies to improve your experience. By clicking “Accept” you agree to our
Privacy Policy
. You can manage these settings at any time by clicking Preferences.
Preferences
Essential
These essential cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be disabled. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Functional
These nonessential cookies are used to enhance the functionality of the site. They do not store directly personal information, but do uniquely identify your browser and internet device. By disabling, certain features and experiences on the site may not work.
Performance
These nonessential cookies are used to enhance the performance of the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. By disabling, we will not know that you have visited the site.
Marketing
These nonessential cookies are used to make advertisements more relevant to you. A profile is created regarding your browsing interests and behavior, and is used to customize the ads you see. By disabling, you will experience less targeted advertising.
About
Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user's experience more efficient.
The law states that we can store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the operation of this site. For all other types of cookies we need your permission.
This site uses different types of cookies. Some cookies are placed by third party services that appear on our pages.
You can at any time change or withdraw your consent from the Cookie Declaration on our website.
Learn more about who we are, how you can contact us and how we process personal data in our Privacy Policy.
Please state your consent ID and date when you contact us regarding your consent.
Your consent applies to the following domains: auraframes1730483445.zendesk.com, help.auraframes.com, staging.pushd.com, auraframes.fr, auraframes.de, auraframes.co.uk
Cookie declaration
Accept
Deny
Skip to main content
Aura Customer Care is here to help.
Gift Setup
Frame Setup
Online User Manual
Privacy
Aura Help Center
Manage Photos & Videos
Manage Photos
Aura takes customer privacy seriously.
We only collect data as required to offer, improve or market our products and services as set forth in our Privacy Policy.
Aura don't sell your data
This FAQ will explain the different permissions that the app may require to offer the full functionality. If you have any remaining concerns or questions, you can visit our full
Privacy Policy
or contact
privacy@auraframes.com
directly.
1) Agreeing to Aura's Privacy Policy
As part of the app installation, we ask you to read and agree to our Privacy Policy. You can find a
concise summary in this article
or the full version on
https://auraframes.com/privacy
Note
: Your photos, videos and photo library are never shared with anyone else or uploaded, except those individual photos that you add to a frame which are visible to all other invited members of the frame.
2) Photo Access
Aura will never see your photo library even if you grant our app full access
. Full access simply means that our app can present your photos so you can select them for the actual frame upload.
However, you can install and access the Aura Frames Android and iOS app without granting it any access rights to your photos or videos. This will still allow you to set up and control the frame via the app, but the app won't be able to upload any photos or videos from your device photo library unless you grant it the required photo permissions.
The first time you use the Aura app's "add photos" option, you will be asked to select one of the following photo/video access options
(the exact terminology may differ from device to device):
1) Allow access to
all
photos
The easiest option and recommended by Aura. At any time, you can simply use the Aura app's "Add Photos" option to see and select any of your device's photos and albums. Your photo library still remains private since neither Aura nor any invited frame members can see it.
2) Allow access to
select
photos (iOS 14+ only)
This is a native iOS device feature
so it is
not available on Android or Google Photos.
If you use the app on an iOS device, you can pre-select the photos and videos in your device library that the iOS app can see. Note: this means that the Aura app will never see any new videos, photos, or albums unless you have manually pre-selected them first. This option will also prevent the “auto-add” album syncing feature from working.
3) Don't allow access
The Aura app cannot see or upload any photos or videos from your device library. You will have to use "Other Options" to upload them to your frame, which includes:
Using your smart device's
Share Sheet functionality
Uploading photos / videos via the
Google Photos integration
Sending photos via the
email-to-frame feature
Using
Aura's Web Uploader
If you granted the Aura app photo access, but you are getting the following error message, you may be using a work phone with restricted configuration rights or other parental control settings that prevent these access rights. Please use the “Other Options” to upload your files.
3) Changing your Photo Access Settings
You can change your Aura app photo permissions at any time by accessing your
iOS or Android device's Settings
menu (not in the app), tapping on the
Aura
app, and changing the "
Photos
" permissions.
Below is
the iOS example, Android will slightly differ since it only offers two options (All Photos vs None):
4) Optional: Smart Suggestions
During the initial app setup, you will also be able to select whether or not you wish to use the optional “Smart Suggestions” feature:
Smart Suggestions
is not one single feature but a banner for a family of features that offer advanced photo recommendations. When activated,
Smart Suggestions
collect and process certain photo metadata and facial geometry information from your uploaded photos and from photos to which you have granted the Aura Frames app access in your connected photo libraries. The facial geometry information never leaves your smart device (phone/tablet).
This currently includes:
Highlights / Face Filters
An optional photo recommendation feature that uses metadata and facial geometry information to recommend photos for customers to add to their frame. This facial geometry information is processed locally on the customer’s device (phone/tablet), enabling app prompts for certain photo recommendations (i.e. “Add more photos of the people you’ve already selected for your frame.”)
Customers can turn off
Smart Suggestions
but this will disable the above feature. Once disabled, the app will no longer process any facial geometry analysis and any previously collected facial geometry information will be erased from your device (phone/tablet).
How to turn off Smart Suggestions:
If you haven't toggled the 'Smart Suggestions' switch to OFF during the initial setup, you can do this at any time by following these steps:
Tap on the "A" icon on your Aura Frames app home screen
Tap on "View Account"
Select "Smart Suggestions" and turn it to OFF
5) Google Photos Integration
This FAQ
explains our Google Photos integration that allows you to easily send your photos from Google Photos to your frame.
In order to use this integration, users will have to grant the Aura app access to their Google Photos account so that the app can present the photos for you to select and  upload.  Only selected photos are then uploaded to our secure servers to be displayed on the frame.
6) Storage
Any photos or videos that you upload to your frame - via a smartphone or tablet, the web uploader or Google Photos - are stored securely on Aura's cloud servers, from where they are displayed on your frame. This allows us to offer our customers unlimited photo storage. Your frame will sync with our cloud database regularly to ensure photos and videos you add or remove from your frame in the app are removed or added to the frame.
A small number of files are temporarily stored (= cached) on your Aura frame so it can continue to display photos for a brief period of time during temporary WiFi loss. After 24 hours, the frame will display a “lost connection” error message.
Additional security due to encryption
A
ll data, including photos, are encrypted in transit using Transport Layer Security (TLS) v1.2 at minimum as per Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF) recommendations.
Aura uploads and stores your photos and videos in a secure cloud database, protected and powered by Amazon Web Services (AWS) with industry-standard two-factor authentication. In addition,
data stored on Aura’s servers is encrypted at rest using
256-bit Advanced Encryption Standard (AES-256) to protect your files from unauthorized access
. Each of these encrypted objects uses a unique and regularly rotated key.
If you would like to delete your Aura account and data, please do this from within your Aura App ("View Account" > "Account Data") or contact Aura Customer Care.
Note:
although any uploaded photos and videos are stored in our secure cloud database, we recommend that you also back up your photos separately. Aura does not specifically offer a backup service so we can't accept any responsibility for lost photos.
7) Summary: permissions and reasons we may ask for
In addition to the above described photo and video access permissions (which are also listed in this table), the Aura app may use the following permissions in certain situations:
PERMISSION
CONTEXT
Bluetooth
Required for the initial frame setup (to establish the WiFi connection).
Location
Android requires this app permission in order to offer Bluetooth support.
Camera
Used for adding your profile photos, scanning the Gift Setup Code, and using the Photo Scanner feature.
Photo Library
As described in this article.
Notifications
Used for the 'reactions' and 'comment' feature, Family Sharing, the app's 'Activity' stream, and Smart Suggestions.
Contacts (
Android App
)
Used for Family Sharing (we will never upload all your contacts to our servers).
Recently viewed articles
Aura’s Privacy and Data Collection Practices
Related articles
Inviting, Accepting, Viewing & Removing members to a Frame
Online User Manual
Aura’s Privacy and Data Collection Practices
How do I add & remove albums on my frame?
Photo & Video Upload - Explanation and Best Practice
Need More Support?
Contact Customer Care
Change Region
Selecting a different region may change language and contents of auraframes.com/hc
AMERICAS
United States (English)
Canada (English)
EUROPE
United Kingdom (English)
Germany (Deutsch)
France (Français)
Other
Other (English)
×
Sub-policy 4
https://auraframes.com/privacy:
Shop Frames
Learn More
Carver
£149
Carver Mat
£179
Mason
£189
How it Works
Reviews
Help
Terms of Sale
Terms & Privacy
Privacy Policy
Warranty & Returns
Accessibility
FCC
Open-Source Software
Security
Declaration of Conformity
Contest Rules
PSTI Statement of Compliance
Welcome and thank you for visiting our website. Aura Home, Inc. and its affiliates and subsidiaries (collectively ”
Aura,
” ”we,” ”
us
” or ”
our
”) understand the importance of privacy and information security. This privacy notice (the ”
Privacy Notice
”) describes how Aura collects, uses, and shares your personal data (i.e., information that personally identifies you, as an individual such as your name, phone number, or email address, as well as data that does not directly identify you, but that can reasonably be used to identify you such as the serial number of your Aura frame or other data that can be reasonably used to infer this information).
This Privacy Notice applies to your use of Aura websites, Aura mobile applications, Aura frames and other products, and all other digital and online services provided by Aura (collectively, the ”
Services
”) and describes Aura’s privacy practices and procedures relating to the Services. This Privacy Notice does
not
apply to information collected by Aura offline, or to third-party websites, applications, or services.
FOR INFORMATION ABOUT OUR BIOMETRIC INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USAGE PRACTICES, PLEASE VISIT OUR
BIOMETRIC PRIVACY POLICY
.
Collect and process the personal information you provide to deliver and improve our Services
Communicate with you
Comply with legal requirements
Sell your personal information, including photos, for monetary value
Use photo content for targeted advertising
For a user-friendly list of the most common privacy-related questions, please visit this FAQ:
Aura’s Privacy & Data Collection Practices
.
If you want to know more, please read our full Privacy Policy below.
Aura Home Inc.
148 Lafayette Street, Floor 5
New York, NY 10013
If you have any comments or questions about how we collect and use your personal data, communication can be directed to our postal address, or via email to
privacy@auraframes.com
.
If you are located in the European Union or the EFTA States, you can confidentially contact Aura’s Data Protection Officer at
privacy@auraframes.com
or via
https://auraframes.com/help-request
.
We need to process your personal data to operate our organization and provide you with certain Services. Before accessing, using, or interacting with the Services you should carefully review the terms and conditions of this Privacy Notice. Your use of the Services is further governed by our Terms of Service located at
https://auraframes.com/terms
, which is also incorporated into your agreement with Aura by this reference.
By accepting our Privacy Notice and Terms of Service, you are confirming that you have read and understood these policies, including how and why we use your information. If you don’t want us to collect or process your personal data in the ways described in this Privacy Notice, you should not use the Services.
The Services are not directed to children under the age of 16. You may not use the Services if you are under the age of 16. If you are under the age of 16, you should not provide any information on our Services.
Aura collects information about you and your use of the Services through various means, including when you provide information to us and when we automatically collect information about you when you access, use, or interact with the Services. Such processing is performed to provide you with the Services. In some instances, you may be able to choose what information to provide, but sometimes we require certain information for you to use and for us to provide you the Services.
The data we process is determined by the context in question: For example, it may vary depending on whether you have downloaded and are using our mobile application, been invited to download and use the Aura mobile applications, integrated your Alexa
®
or Google
®
accounts or devices with the Services, submitted an inquiry to our customer service team, or sent us a job application.
We obtain the categories of personal data listed below:
directly
from you; for example, from forms you complete on our website
indirectly
from you; for example, from observing your actions on our website or in our mobile applications
When you download and use our mobile application or use the website app.auraframes.com, we collect and process the following data to improve the Services that we offer to you:
Photographs and videos uploaded by you to the Services (including via linking third-party photo hosting services) and their metadata (dates, locations and other commonly available information)
Metadata that is stored in your connected photo libraries, which includes dates, locations other commonly available photo and video metadata (you may opt-out from this Service, called Smart Suggestions, at any time;
click here for detailed instructions
)
We also collect and process facial geometry information to offer advanced photo recommendations (you may opt-out from this Service, called Smart Suggestions, at any time;
click here for detailed instructions
)
Your name, email, address, phone number, and your Google
®
account information if you signed into Google Photos within the Aura mobile application (we do not have access to your Google password)
Any contact information you provide to Aura to invite other users to contribute to your frame
Information about your Alexa
®
or Google Home device integrated with your Aura frame
The make and model of your mobile phone and/or tablet
The Wi-Fi network name (SSID) used in connection with the mobile application
Analytics and logging data regarding when the mobile application and/or the Aura frame has been used and how they were used so we can provide and improve our services
When you visit our website or use any of our online services, we collect and process the following data:
Name of the Internet service provider
Information on the website you have visited us from
Web browser and operating system used
The IP address assigned by your Internet service provider
Requested files, amount of data transferred, downloads/file export
Information on the pages of our website(s) that you visit, including date and time
Analytics and logging data such as IP addresses and email addresses if you sign up for marketing emails from Aura
When you use an Aura frame, we may collect and process the following data from sensors built into the frame so we can offer certain product features. What we collect depends on the type of Aura frame you are using:
The lux value of ambient light in the room where the Aura frame is located (applies to all Aura models) so that our frames can auto-adjust their brightness levels
Information about movements that occur directly in front of the frame so that users can ‘swipe’ to the next photo or video (applies to Classic, Wood, and Modern models)
Direct touch and close proximity events to support the Aura frame’s touch bar feature via capacitive touch technology (applies to Carver, Gallerie, Mason, Sawyer, and Smith models)
Motion events to detect frame rotation (e.g. from landscape to portrait orientation) and to automatically adjust all photos/videos to the correct orientation occurring near the frame (applies to certain Mason, Sawyer, and Smith models)
If you have been invited to download and use an Aura mobile application, regardless of whether you accept the invitation, we collect and process the following data:
Last name, first name, salutation
Contact data (email address and telephone number)
When you send an inquiry, we collect and process the following data:
Last name, first name, salutation
Contact data (email address and telephone number)
Details on your preferences and interests related to the Aura Services
We also keep track of how you use and interact with certain Services through the use of cookies and other tracking technologies as listed below.
The exact data we collect will depend on how you interact with us. Below we have listed the personal data that we may collect:
Photographs and Related Information:
File Upload:
Aura Users may upload their photographs or videos to Aura frames, the Aura mobile application, and other Aura Services by using the Aura mobile application. You remain in control of which photographs or videos the Aura mobile application may access, using the privacy features offered by your mobile phone operating system. Aura will only upload and store those photographs and videos that you choose to share through the app. Your selected photographs and videos will be stored on our secure servers so that they may be accessed by your frame(s) over the internet.
Metadata:
Aura may access and upload metadata about your photo library to the Aura Services using a feature called Smart Suggestions, which you can easily disable as
explained in this FAQ
. Metadata includes commonly available photo and video information including location and dates. After completing this opt-out process, Aura will only upload to its servers data from those photos / videos that you specifically selected to be displayed on your frame.
Google Photos:
Aura also allows users to connect their Google Photos account to upload photographs from Google Photos to the Services. Aura does not own your photos. Aura will never use your photos for any purpose other than providing you with the Services. Aura will never sell or publish any of your photos without your explicit permission and consent.
Account Registration:
In order to use the Aura mobile and web application and upload photos to an Aura frame you must create a free user account. When you create an account, we collect your name, email, and information about your device, and our app requests your permission to access your photos.
Contact and Device Data:
We collect name, phone number and email address when you fill out a contact form to send an inquiry. We also collect technical information on your device type, hardware, unique device identifiers, time zone settings, IP address, and operating system version, as well as analytics data about how a device uses the Services.
Correspondence Information:
If you sign up for updates from Aura or email us, we may keep your message, email address, and contact information to respond to your requests, provide the requested products or Services, and to provide notifications or other correspondences to you.
If you do not want to receive communications from us in the future, please let us know by sending us an email requesting the same to
privacy@auraframes.com
or by following the unsubscribe instructions found in any email we send. Please note requests to remove your email address from our lists may take some time to fulfill. We may also still contact you as needed to provide important announcements or notifications regarding the Services, including communications related to purchases or other transactions you make with us.
Support Information:
You may provide information to us via a support, warranty replacement or product return request submitted through email or the Services. We will use this information to assist you with your support request and may maintain this information to assist you or other users with support requests. Please do not submit any information to us via a support submission, including confidential or sensitive information that you do not wish for Aura or our Service Providers to have access to or use in the future.
Form Information:
We may use forms to request certain information from you on the Services, such as your contact information to assist with contacts or service requests. This information may include personal data.
Image and Likeness Consent:
By submitting photos or other content to the Services, you consent to the use of your likeness, personal data, and other included information
[for the operation of the Services]
, and you warrant and represent that you have obtained the written consent, release, and/or permission of every identifiable individual who appears in such content to the use of their likeness, personal data, and other included information. This written release must include the right to use such individual’s likeness in the manner contemplated in this Policy and in the Terms of Service. If any identifiable individual is under the age of eighteen (18), you warrant and represent you have obtained such written consent, release and/or permission from that individual’s parents or guardians (and you agree to provide to us a copy of any such consents, releases and/or permissions upon request). If you do not have this release, do not submit the content to Aura or the Services.
Image Recognition:
We use photo-recognition software to analyze the photographs you upload to group the photos by like characteristics, including by grouping photographs that may contain images of the same individuals. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT IMAGE RECOGNITION ANALYSIS WILL BE PERFORMED ON THE PHOTOGRAPHS IN YOUR CONNECTED PHOTO LIBRARIES, AND YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOU HAVE OBTAINED THE INFORMED WRITTEN CONSENT OF THE INDIVIDUALS IN THE PHOTOGRAPHS PERMITTING US TO UTILIZE IMAGE RECOGNITION SOFTWARE ON PHOTOGRAPHS OF THEM. To disable image recognition analysis, please disable our Smart Suggestions Service as explained on this page:
Photo Access and Privacy
. After completing this opt-out process, Aura will delete any existing facial geometry data and Aura will not do any facial geometry analysis or processing on any future uploads.
To opt-out from these automatic metadata uploads, please follow the instructions on this page:
Photo Access and Privacy
. After completing this process, Aura will only upload to its servers data from those photos that you specifically selected to be displayed on your frame and will not do any facial geometry analysis or processing on any of your photos.
This policy defines Aura’s policy for the collection, use, safeguarding, storage, retention, and destruction of biometric identifiers and biometric information (”
Biometric Data
”). It is Aura’s policy to protect, use, and store Biometric Data in accordance with applicable laws including, but not limited to, the Illinois Biometric Information Privacy Act. Aura has instituted the following biometric information privacy policy:
Biometric Identifiers and Information Defined
State and local laws may regulate the collection, use, safeguarding, handling, storage, retention, and destruction of  “biometric identifiers” and “biometric information.” “Biometric identifier” means a retina or iris scan, fingerprint, voiceprint, or scan of hand or face geometry. “Biometric information” means any information, regardless of how it is captured, converted, stored, or shared, based on an individual’s biometric identifier used to identify an individual.
Purpose
For any Aura User who has not disabled the “Smart Suggestions” feature, Biometric Data may be captured, converted, stored, and/or shared through the use of facial geometry analysis. The purpose of the facial geometry analysis is to offer advanced photo recommendations. You may opt out of this service at any time.
Aura will not sell, lease, trade, or otherwise profit from any Aura User’s Biometric Data.
Consent
To the extent that Aura collects, captures, or otherwise obtains Biometric Data relating to an Aura User, Aura Users are provided a written consent electronically for their acknowledgment authorizing Aura to capture, collect, convert, store, share, and use the Aura User’s Biometric Data for the specific purposes disclosed in this policy.
Disclosure
To the extent that Aura collects, captures, or otherwise obtains Biometric Data relating to an Aura User, Aura will not disclose, redisclose, or otherwise disseminate an Aura User’s Biometric Data unless:
the Aura User or Aura User’s legally authorized representative consents to such disclosure  or redisclosure;
the disclosure or redisclosure completes a financial transaction requested or authorized by the Aura User or Aura User’s legally authorized representative;
the disclosure or redisclosure is required by State or federal law or municipal ordinance; or
the disclosure is required pursuant to a valid warrant or subpoena issued by a court of competent jurisdiction.
Retention Schedule
If Smart Suggestions is enabled, Aura processes facial geometry information on the Aura User’s device only from photos to which the user grants Aura access in the Aura User’s connected libraries and photos that the Aura User uploads to the user’s frame.  To the extent that any Biometric Data relating to an Aura User is collected, captured, or otherwise obtained on the Aura User’s device, the Biometric Data will be retained on the Aura User’s device only until the first of the following occurs:
The Aura User disables Smart Suggestions.
The Aura User deletes their Aura account.
The Aura User deletes the Aura Mobile App from their device.
The Aura User logs out from the Aura Mobile App.
Any Biometric Data used by Smart Suggestions on the Aura User’s device is not uploaded to Aura’s servers.  Biometric Data is only stored on the device itself.
Data Storage, Transmission, and Protection
To the extent that Aura collects, captures, or otherwise obtains Biometric Data relating to an Aura User, if any, Aura will store, transmit, and protect the Aura User’s Biometric Data using a reasonable standard of care. Such storage, transmission, and protection from disclosure will be performed in a manner that is the same as or more protective than the manner in which Aura stores, transmits, and protects from disclosure other confidential and sensitive information of Aura and its customers. Aura will require any third-party service provider responsible for security protection of Aura Users’ Biometric Data, if any, to implement and maintain reasonable security procedures and practices. Such Biometric Data, if any, will be destroyed no later than six months from the date that you delete your Aura user account.
Facial Analysis Description and Opt Out Choices
As described in our
Biometric Privacy Policy
, Aura currently uses facial geometry analysis to support various value-add features that may be covered under certain privacy laws.
When active, the facial analysis process only occurs on the user’s phone itself
and no photos will be uploaded to our servers
.
Highlights
An optional app prompt that uses metadata and facial recognition to recommend photos for customers to add to their frame (i.e. “Add more photos of the people you’ve already selected for your frame.”).
We use automatic data collection and analytics technologies to collect aggregate and user-specific information about your equipment, patterns of use, communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Services, including your IP address, browsing, and navigation patterns. This information is used to improve our Services.
Information we collect automatically through your use of the Services includes:
Cookies, Web Beacons, Links, And Other Tracking Technologies:
Aura may keep track of how you use and interact with the Services through the use of cookies, web beacons, links, and other tracking technologies. We do this to help analyze the use of and improve the Services. Through these technologies, we may automatically collect information about your use of the Services and other online activities, including our email correspondences, third-party services, and client applications, and certain online activities after you leave the Services. Link information is generally only analyzed on an aggregate basis. Some Services features may not function properly if you disable cookies. Such data may include analytics information, browser type, operating system, and tracking of your interactions with our content and emails.
The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include:
Cookies (or browser cookies).
A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. We use essential, functional, performance, and marketing cookies for the purposes described below. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser.  However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our Services. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our website unless prohibited by law.
Web Beacons.
Pages of our the website may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit us, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an email and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).
The purposes for which we use first party cookies include:
Purpose
Explanation
Processes
Intended to make the Services work in the way you expect. For example, we use a cookie that tells us whether you have already signed up for an account.
Authentication, Security, and Compliance
Intended to prevent fraud, protect your data from unauthorized parties, and comply with legal requirements. For example, we use cookies to determine if you are logged in.
Preferences
Intended to remember information about how you prefer the Services to behave and look.
Notifications
Intended to allow or prevent notices of information or options that we think could improve your use of the Services. For example, we use a cookie that stops us from showing you the signup notification if you have already seen it.
Analytics
Intended to help us understand how visitors use the Services. For example, we use a cookie that tells us how our search suggestions correlate to your interactions with the search page.
We also partner with third parties to manage our advertising on other sites. Our third-party partners may use cookies, pixels, or similar technologies in order to provide you with advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests.Third-party cookies include essential, functional, performance, and marketing cookies. For more information and choices regarding cookies,
see our cookie banner
.
IP Addresses:
We automatically collect the IP addresses of users of certain Services, such as website visitors, those that log in to the Services, and those who post messages to the communities and forums. We process this information on the basis of our legitimate interests in protecting the Services and providing the Services to you.
Location Information:
Neither the Aura applications nor the Aura frames capture or record location data, but they collect connected Wi-Fi, IP address and Internet service provider information. Note that photos uploaded to the Services will frequently contain location-related metadata (including the GPS location where the photo was taken) and we may use that information to classify photos (for example, by grouping photos taken in a single location).
Advertising Information:
We partner with third parties to manage advertising to you about Aura on other sites. Our third-party partners may use cookies or similar technologies in order to provide you with advertising on other sites based upon your browsing activities and interests. If you have chosen to connect your account to an external third-party application, such as Facebook, or an app developed using the API, you can change your settings and remove permission for the app by changing your account settings. Aura does not use photographs or associated photograph data to target third-party advertising or other marketing to individuals. See the Third-Party Advertisements section below for more information.
Unique Identifiers:
When you use or access the Services, we may access, collect, monitor, store on your device, and/or remotely store one or more “Unique Identifiers,” such as a universally unique identifier (
“UUID”
). A Unique Identifier may remain on your device persistently, to help you log in faster and enhance your navigation through the Services. Some features of the Services may not function properly if use or availability of Unique Identifiers is impaired or disabled.
Analytics Information:
We use data analytics to ensure site functionality and improve the Services. We use mobile analytics software to allow us to understand the functionality of the Services on your phone. This software may record information such as how often you use the Services, what happens within the Services, aggregated usage, performance data, app errors and debugging information, and where the Services were downloaded from. We do not link the information we store within the analytics software to any personally identifiable information that you submit within the mobile application.
Log File Information:
When you use our Services, we may receive log file information such as your IP address, browser type, access times, domain names operating system, the referring web page(s), pages visited, location, your mobile carrier, device information (including device and application IDs), search terms, and cookie information. We receive log file data when you interact with our Services, for example, when you visit our website, sign in to our Services, or interact with our email notifications. Aura uses log file data to provide, understand, and improve our Services, and to customize the content we show you. Aura may link this log file to other information Aura collects about you via the Services.
Meta Pixel Usage:
We incorporate “pixels” provided by Meta Platforms, Inc. on our Websites. This enables us to track user behavior after a user clicks on a Facebook ad and is redirected to our website. By doing so, we can assess the effectiveness of Facebook ads for statistical and market research purposes and sometimes retarget certain users. It is important to be aware that Facebook may associate this information with your Facebook account and utilize it for its own promotional activities, in accordance with
Facebook’s Data Usage Policy
. You have the option to authorize Facebook and its partners to display advertisements on and off Facebook (
see here
). Additionally, a cookie may be stored on your computer for these purposes.
Aura uses the information we receive about you for the purposes described in this Privacy Notice, including:
Providing and Improving Our Services:
We may use your information to improve and customize our Services, including gathering your information for such purposes, and we do so as it is necessary to pursue our legitimate interests of improving our Services for our users. We use your information to organize and catalogue your photos into categories using photo-recognition software. Our collection of your usage data may also be necessary to enable us to pursue our legitimate interests in understanding how our Services are being used and to explore and unlock ways to develop and grow our business. It is also necessary to allow us to pursue our legitimate interests in improving our Services, efficiency, interest in Services for users and obtaining insights into usage patterns of our Services. We use your information to provide and improve the Services and our products, for billing and payments, for identification and authentication, for targeted online and offline marketing including through tools like Facebook Custom Audience and Google Customer Match, to contact users or interested parties, and for general research and aggregate reporting.
Keeping Our Services Safe And Secure:
We may also use your information for safety and security purposes, including sharing of your information for such purposes, and we do so because it is necessary to pursue our legitimate interests in ensuring the security of our Services, including enhancing protection of our community against spam, harassment, intellectual property infringement, crime, and security risks of all kind.
Third-Party Advertisements:
Aura may utilize the services of third-party advertising companies, including Google and others, to serve ads to you when you use other sites across the Internet, including to perform remarketing services. These third parties may collect information about your visits to certain pages of our Services and may use technology like cookies to store information about your use of the Services. The information collected may be reported back to us, and we may link this information to personal data we have collected about you. This information allows us to track which other websites have linked visitors to our Services, what pages of our Services are used by and are of interest to visitors, so we may provide better, more targeted advertising regarding our business and Services. More information about interest-based advertising and similar practices may be available at
http://www.networkadvertising.org/consumer/opt_out.asp
.
Our Legal Bases for Processing Personal Data:
If European data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we process your information for the purposes described in this Privacy notice, based on the following legal grounds:
When we’re providing a product or service
: We process your data to provide and support a product or service you’ve asked for under a contract, including but not limited to delivering our Terms of Service.
When we’re pursuing legitimate interests
: We process your information for our legitimate interests and those of third parties while applying appropriate safeguards that protect your privacy. This means we process your information for things like:
offering and improving our Services
developing new products and features
understanding how our Services are used
performing research that improves our Services for our users and benefits the public
sending you direct marketing and other communications
detecting, preventing or otherwise addressing fraud, abuse, security or technical issues with our Services
maintaining and improving the integrity of our computing systems, and protecting our users’ data security
enforcing legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service
when we’re complying with legal obligations
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so, for example, if we’re responding to a legal process or an enforceable governmental request.
We ask for your consent to process your information for certain specific purposes and give you the right to withdraw that consent at any time.
When we have a legal obligation
: We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so, for example, if we’re responding to a legal process or an enforceable governmental request.
When we obtain your consent
: We ask for your consent to process your information for certain specific purposes and give you the right to withdraw that consent at any time.
When we carry out a contract
: You can choose whether or not you want to use the Services. However, if you want to use the Services, you need to agree to our Terms of Service, which set out the contract between Aura and the users of the Services. We cannot provide many of the Services without your agreement to this contract, and without moving your personal data to Aura entities and Service Providers in various jurisdictions. Therefore certain processing of your personal data is done on the legal basis of processing necessary for the performance of the contract between you, as a user of the Services, and Aura.
When you access or use the Services, we collect, use, share, and otherwise process your personal data as described in this Privacy Notice. Aura will not share, sell, rent, or otherwise disclose your personal data to third parties without your consent or as otherwise disclosed in this Privacy Notice.
Aura will share your information in the following circumstances on the legal basis of the legitimate interests of providing the requested Services:
Within Aura:
We may share and process information internally within Aura and with our subsidiaries and affiliates. Aura’s personnel may have access to your information as needed to provide and operate the Services in the normal course of business. This includes information regarding your use and interaction with the Services.
Authorized Contributors Associated with your Aura Frame:
If you are one of several contributors to an Aura frame, other contributors to that frame will be able to see your email address and access and manage the photos or videos you add to the shared frame.
Service Providers:
Aura works with various organizations and individuals to help provide the Services to you (
“Service Providers”
), such as website and data-hosting companies and companies providing analytics information, like Google Analytics. Aura needs to engage such third-party Service Providers to help us operate, provide, and market the Services. These third parties have only limited access to your information and may use your information only to perform these tasks on our behalf. Information we share with our Service Providers may include both information you provide to us and information we collect about you, including personal data and information from data collection tools like cookies, web beacons, and log files.
Aura takes reasonable steps to ensure that our Service Providers are obligated to reasonably protect your information on Aura’s behalf. If Aura becomes aware that a Service Provider is using or disclosing information improperly, we will take commercially reasonable steps to end or correct such improper use or disclosure.
We share personal data with our Service Providers on the legal basis of Aura’s legitimate interests in providing you with the Services. Our engagement of Service Providers is often necessary for us to provide the Services to you, particularly where such companies play important roles like helping us keep our Services operating and secure. Aura will not share, sell, rent, or otherwise disclose your personal data to third parties without your consent or as otherwise disclosed in this Privacy Notice.
Business Transactions:
Aura may purchase other businesses or their assets, sell our business assets, or be involved in a bankruptcy, merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets (a
“Business Transactions
”). Your information, including personal data, may be among assets sold or transferred as part of a Business Transaction. In some cases, Aura may choose to buy or sell assets. Such transactions may be necessary and in our legitimate interests, particularly our interest in making decisions that enable our organization to develop over the long term.
Safety and Lawful Requests:
We may be required to disclose Services user information pursuant to lawful requests, such as subpoenas or court orders, or in compliance with applicable laws. We generally do not disclose user information unless we have a good faith belief that an information request by law enforcement or private litigants meets applicable legal standards. We may share your information when we believe it is necessary to comply with applicable laws, to protect our interests or property, to prevent fraud or other illegal activity perpetrated through the Services or using Aura name, or to protect the safety of any person. This may include sharing information with other companies, lawyers, agents, or government agencies. Nothing in this Privacy Notice is intended to limit any legal defenses or objections that you may have to a third party’s, including a government’s, request to disclose your information.
Aggregated Non-Personal Data:
We may disclose aggregated, non-personal data received from providing the Services, including information that does not identify any individual, without restriction. Aura may share demographic information with business partners, but it will be aggregated and de-personalized so that personal data is not revealed.
If you are a resident of the European Union, you may have certain rights with respect to your personal data. These rights are standardized in Articles 15 - 22 EU-GDPR. To the extent that these laws apply, you may exercise the following rights:
Right of access (Art. 15 EU-GDPR)
. Note that much of the information you are entitled to know or access is disclosed in this Privacy Notice. With this said, you have the right to know about our information practices. You also have the right to access the categories of data we collect, with whom we share or sell that information, and, in some cases, what specific Personal data we associate with you or your account.
Right of rectification (Art. 16 EU-GDPR)
. You may request that we delete the personal data we have collected about you. Depending on the applicable law, in some cases we are required or permitted to retain your information, even if you validly requested we delete or erase it. Please note if you request erasure, you may be unable to access the Services and that this may be processed by account deletion.
Right to erasure ('right to be forgotten') (Art. 17 EU-GDPR)
. You may request we correct or rectify inaccurate information we have collected about you.
Right to restriction of processing (Art. 18 EU-GDPR)
. If we process your information based on our legitimate interests as explained in this Privacy Notice, or in the public interest, you can object to this processing in certain circumstances. Where we use your data for direct marketing purposes, you can always object using the unsubscribe link in such communications or changing your account settings.
Right to data portability (Art. 20 EU-GDPR)
. If we process your information based on our legitimate interests as explained in this Privacy Notice, you may have the right to restrict processing in certain circumstances.
Right to object to data processing (Art. 21 EU-GDPR)
. If you request a copy of your specific information then we will provide it in an easily accessible format.
To exercise these rights, please contact our Data Protection Officer at
privacy@auraframes.com
.
The same applies if you have any queries on data processing at our company. You also have the right to lodge a complaint directly with the Data Protection Supervisory Authority.
Please note the following in connection with your right to object:
If we process your personal data for the purpose of direct mail, you have the right to object to this form of data processing at any time without giving reasons. This also applies to profiling insofar as it is associated with direct mail.
If you object to data processing for direct marketing purposes, we will no longer process your personal data for these purposes. Exercising your right to object is free of charge and can be carried out informally, ideally by clicking on the “unsubscribe” button offered in any of our marketing emails, or via email to:
privacy@auraframes.com
.
In the event that we process your data to protect legitimate interests, you may object to this type of processing at any time for reasons relating to your particular situation; this also applies to profiling based on these provisions.
We will then no longer process your personal data unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds that outweigh your interests, rights, and freedoms, or the data processing is being used to assert, exercise or defend legal claims.
A withdrawal of consent will not affect the validity of our use of your personal data up until the point you have withdrawn your consent.
Certain laws like the California Privacy Rights Act, the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act, and the Colorado Privacy Act, grant you rights to control your personal information. Although some of these rights apply generally, certain rights will only apply to limited individuals or circumstances. Although some of these rights apply generally, certain rights will only apply to limited individuals or circumstances. To the extent that these laws apply, you may exercise the following rights:
Right to Know and Access Information.
Note that much of the information you are entitled to know or access is disclosed in this Privacy Notice. With this said, you have the right to know about our information practices. You also have the right to access the categories of data we collect, with whom we share or sell that information, and, in some cases, what specific personal data we associate with you or your account.
Right to Data Portability.
If you request a copy of your specific information then we will provide it in an easily accessible format.
Right to Deletion or Erasure.
You may request that we delete the information we have collected about you. Depending on the applicable law, in some cases we are required or permitted to retain your information, even if you validly requested we delete or erase it. Please note if you request erasure, you may be unable to access the Services and that this may be processed by account deletion.
Right to Correct Information.
You may request we correct or rectify inaccurate information we have collected about you.
Right to Opt Out of Targeting Advertising, Sales, or Profiling.
You may opt-out of our use of your personal data for targeted advertising, sales, or profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects, if applicable.
Right to Consent to or Limit the Use of Sensitive Data.
Some residents may have the right to consent to the use of their personal data. California residents have the right to ask that we limit our use and disclosure of any sensitive data to certain purposes permitted by law.
Aura does not sell user data for monetary value.
What can I do if I don’t want to receive targeted advertising?
In line with the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) and the California Privacy Rights Act (CPRA) our US customers can submit a Do-Not-Sell-or-Share-My-Data request to
privacy@auraframes.com
.
To further reduce your general exposure to interest-based advertising, you can use the tools made available by the
Digital Advertising Alliance
and
Network Advertising Initiative
:
https://youradchoices.com/control
https://optout.networkadvertising.org
Cookies
You can reject our optional cookie collection when visiting our site. You can also directly control the cookie settings in your browser by following the instructions provided by the supplier of the browser.  Remember that disabling cookies is browser specific.  If you log on using Safari and disable the cookies, you must also disable cookies in Chrome if you use that browser at a different time:
Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Microsoft Edge
Apple Safari
Please note:
If you want to avoid any Aura advertisements targeted to you based on your information, you’ll want to both clear your cookies (as described above) and contact
privacy@auraframes.com
with a do-not-share-my-data request. Note that opting out of targeted advertising will not prevent advertising partners and agencies from delivering generic ads to your browser, which may include Aura ads.
Email addresses and other user data
Aura uses email addresses and phone numbers (a) to send out marketing emails and text messages and (b) for ad targeting. Aura never sells user information. We do use user information for serving targeted advertisements through partners such as Facebook.
Aura will continue to send you direct email or text message updates and promotions if you have signed up to our marketing newsletters. Simply use the “unsubscribe” option to opt out of emails, and reply “STOP” to opt out of receiving Aura’s text messages
Ad Targeting
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal data over the past 12 months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will disclose to you:
the categories of personal data we collected about you
the categories of sources for the personal data we collected about you
our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal data
the categories of third parties with whom we share that personal data.
the specific pieces of personal data we collected about you (also called a data portability request).
If we sold or disclosed your personal data for a business purpose, two separate lists disclosing:
sales, identifying the personal data categories that each category of recipient purchased; and
disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the personal data categories that each category of recipient obtained.
You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal data that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request your personal data from our records unless an exception applies.
We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our Service Provider(s) to:
complete the transaction for which we collected the personal data, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you
detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities
debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality
exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law
comply with the law, including the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 et. seq.)
engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information’s deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research’s achievement, if you previously provided informed consent
enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us
comply with a legal obligation
make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it
Please note requests to delete or remove your information do not necessarily ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information posted and removed information may persist in backup copies indefinitely. Please note that if you choose to delete your information or opt out of the collection and use of your information, you understand that certain features, including but not limited to access to the Services, may no longer be available to you.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your rights. Unless permitted by law, we will not:
deny you goods or services.
charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.
provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.
suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
We may offer certain benefits in connection with the disclosure of personal information and data associated with your account, or the opportunity to be eligible for certain perks and benefits such as rewards, exclusive offers, and discounts. All benefits are free of charge.
When you participate in these perks and benefits, we will collect and keep the personal information you provide, or that you have previously provided. To enhance your experience, reward you, and provide you with tailored benefits, we may also collect and use the following categories of personal information listed in connection with your accounts, including personal information we have previously collected about you:
Identifiers, including name and email
Online activity information
We collect this information through your interactions, as further detailed in this Privacy Notice. We will also use this information to send you messages about benefits and rewards, and to send you tailored marketing messages.
The benefits to you are reasonably related to our good-faith estimate of the value provided to us by their personal information. The value of personal information to us varies by individual and is related to the value of the rewards and discounts provided to you, minus the costs of providing those benefits.
You may withdraw your participation from any rewards program at any time by following the instructions provided upon enrollment.
California’s “Shine the Light” law (Civil Code Section § 1798.83) permits users of our website that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal data to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to
privacy@auraframes.com
.
If you are a Nevada resident, you may also have certain rights regarding the sale of personal data. Nevada residents may opt out of the future sale of their data to a third party by emailing us at:
privacy@auraframes.com
. Please note, however, that we do not sell any of our customers’ personal data.
You may request access to or correction of your personal information in our custody or control. You may also have the right, in specified circumstances, to object to our use of your personal information, to request the deletion of your personal information or restrict its use, to request a copy of the information you have provided to us to use for your own purposes, to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, or to make a request for the portability of your personal information.
Your rights are subject to applicable legal restrictions and we may take appropriate steps to verify your identity before responding to your request.
Aura seeks to ensure all individuals are provided with the rights mandated by their governing jurisdiction. Not all of the rights discussed in this Privacy Notice will apply to each individual data subject and may not apply to you depending upon your jurisdiction. If you have any additional questions about your rights, please contact us.
To exercise your rights, please email us at
privacy@auraframes.com
. or submit a request through our web form:
https://auraframes.com/help-request
.
When submitting a request, please include your email address, full name, and your specific request.
For requests submitted by email, you must provide enough information that allows us to verify your identity. Only you or your authorized agent may make requests regarding your personal data. An authorized agent must have documentation that they are authorized to act on your behalf.
Aura will fulfill or reject your request within the amount of time required by law. For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your Personal Information that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
If we deny your rights request, you may have the right to request an appeal of our decision. To initiate an appeal, follow the instructions provided in the communication denying your request, or contact us at the information provided in this Privacy Notice.
To access your personal data, please see below.
Aura provides certain tools and settings within the Services to all users to help you access, correct, delete, or modify your personal data associated with the Services. If you need assistance with these services
visit our FAQ
.
Aura will retain your information only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Notice, for as long as an account is active, as described in this Privacy Notice, or as needed to provide the Services to you. Aura will retain and use your information to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your information to comply with applicable tax/revenue laws), resolve disputes, enforce our agreements, and as otherwise described in this Privacy Notice. We also retain log files for internal analysis purposes. These log files are generally retained for a brief period of time, except in cases where they are used for site safety and security, to improve site functionality, or we are legally obligated to retain them for longer time periods. We may delete your personal data from our systems as part of a data retention plan.
Users may opt-out of receiving certain communications from Aura by following the unsubscribe process described in email communication, or by contacting us using the contact information provided above. However, please note you may not opt-out of certain Services-related communications, such as account verification, changes or updates to features of the Services, or technical and security notices.
Aura does not currently employ a process for automatically responding to “Do Not Track” (DNT) signals sent by web browsers, mobile devices, or other mechanisms. Per industry standards, third parties may be able to collect information, including personal data, about your online activities over time and across different websites or online services when you use Services. You may opt out of online behavioral ads at
http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
. You also may limit certain tracking by disabling cookies in your web browser.
The United States, EEA Member States, Canada and other countries all have different laws relating to privacy and data protection. When your information is moved from your home state, province or country to another jurisdiction, the laws and rules that protect your personal data in the country to which your information is transferred may be different from those in the country in which you live. For example, the circumstances in which law enforcement can access personal data may vary from jurisdiction  to jurisdiction. In particular, if your information is in the United States, it may be accessed by government authorities in accordance with U.S. law.
Please be advised that information Aura collects about you via the Services may be transferred, processed and/or accessed by us in the United States, or another country where we, or our Service Providers operate. Please be aware that the privacy laws and standards in certain countries, including the rights of authorities to access your personal data, may differ from those that apply in the country in which you reside. If you are located outside the United States and choose to allow us to collect information about you, please be aware that Aura may transfer your personal data to the United States and process and store it there. We will transfer personal data only to those countries to which we are permitted by law to transfer personal data, and we will take steps to ensure that your personal data continues to enjoy appropriate protections.
The security of your personal data is important to us. Aura takes reasonable efforts to secure and protect the privacy, accuracy, and reliability of your information and to protect it from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. Aura implements security measures as we deem appropriate and consistent with industry standards. As no data security protocol is impenetrable, Aura cannot guarantee the security of our systems or databases, nor can we guarantee that personal data we collect about you will not be breached, intercepted, destroyed, accessed, or otherwise disclosed without authorization. Accordingly, any information you transfer to or from Services is provided at your own risk.
Despite Aura’s safety and privacy controls, we cannot guarantee the Services are entirely free of illegal, offensive, or otherwise inappropriate material, or that you will not encounter inappropriate or illegal conduct or content from other users when using the Services. You can help Aura by notifying us of any unwelcome contact or inappropriate content by contacting us at
privacy@auraframes.com
.
Aura’s Services may occasionally link to outside websites and content. Aura does not endorse, approve, or certify any content from third parties, and we do not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, efficacy, or timeliness of the information they provide. You should check the applicable privacy notice of the website sponsor when linking to other websites from Aura Services.
Aura may modify this Privacy Notice from time to time. The most current version of this Privacy Notice will govern our use of your information and will be located at
https://auraframes.com/privacy
.
You may contact us to obtain prior versions. We will notify you of material changes to this policy by posting a notice at the Services or by emailing you at an email address associated with your account, if applicable, and provide an “at a glance” overview of any changes.
[LAST UPDATED: 13 November 2024]
Close
We updated language in our global privacy policy to align to state laws for US residents and to make the policy easier to read and understand, effective November 13, 2024. There are no changes to the data we collect or how we process it. Questions?
Read the following FAQ
or reach out to
privacy@auraframes.com
.
We use cookies and similar technologies to
recognize repeat visits
and
measure the effectiveness of campaigns and analyze traffic
. To learn more about how we use your data visit our
Privacy Policy
. By clicking "Accept" on this banner you consent to the use of these technologies unless you have disabled them.
Accept
Reject