Privacy Policy:
We, CaratLane Trading Private Limited (“Company”) ensure our commitment to Your privacy with regard to the protection of Your invaluable information. To ensure better protection of Your privacy, We provide this privacy policy explaining Our information collection and disclosure policies, and the choices You make about the way Your information is collected and used (“Privacy Policy”). This Privacy Policy contains information relating to the application called ‘CaratLane’ (“Application / App”) and the e-commerce website -
https://www.CaratLane.com
( “Website”).
ANY CAPITALIZED WORDS USED HENCEFORTH SHALL HAVE THE MEANING ACCORDED TO THEM UNDER THIS PRIVACY POLICY. FURTHER, ALL HEADING USED HEREIN ARE ONLY FOR THE PURPOSE OF ARRANGING THE VARIOUS PROVISIONS OF THE PRIVACY POLICY IN ANY MANNER.
Terms of our Privacy Policy:
Definitions
“We”
,
“Our”
, and
“Us”
shall mean and refer to the Company.
“You”
,
“Your”
,
“Yourself”
and
“User”
shall mean and refer to natural persons who use the App/Website.
“Personal Information”
shall mean and refer to any personally identifiable information that We may collect/ receive from You or otherwise process in connection with your use of our Website or Application.
“Affiliate”
means an entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with a party, where
"control"
means ownership of 50% or more of the shares, equity interest or other securities entitled to vote for election of directors or other managing authority.
“Cookies”
are small files that are placed on Your computer, mobile device or any other device by a website, containing the details of Your browsing history on that website among its many uses.
“Service Provider”
includes any natural or legal person who processes the Personal Information on behalf of the Company.
Overview
We commit to respecting your Privacy Information. We further recognize Your need for appropriate protection and management of any Personal Information You share with us. We maintain the Personal Information in as accurate, complete, and up-to-date form as is necessary to fulfil the purposes for which it is to be used. If You discover inaccuracies in Your Personal Information records, please notify Us immediately so that necessary changes can be done. Failure to notify us of changes to Personal Information may negatively impact the way we communicate or provide services to you.
In order to avail any services through the App/Website, You may provide/ We may collect the following information which includes, but is not limited to:
Your name, address, email address, phone number, or other contact information.
Information such as device information, operating system, and operating system provided advertising id, IP address, date and time of every user request.
User interaction on Our Website or Application such as ‘like' or ‘dislike' a product or an inspiration, adding or removing products and inspirations to wish list, sharing a product or Inspiration to social media sites such as Facebook, Google, Twitter etc. and other interactions and dialogs during interactive search.
We may use ‘aggregate’ level user information to build marketing profiles, develop technology that can improve user experience, analyse usage of Our App/Website.
Demographic profile (like your age, gender, occupation, education, address and durables owned).
Personal preferences and interests (such as books, movies, music and so on).
Your bandwidth speed and information about the software programs that are installed on your computer.
Standard server log information
We may also collect the following information about:
The pages you visit/access.
The advertisements you view
The links you click on our website.
The number of times you access the page.
Things you view, add to bag, add to wish list.
Your opinion on services, products, features on our websites.
When / How do we collect the Information?
We will collect anonymous traffic information from you when you visit our Website.
During registration We collect Personal Information such as name, email address, date of birth, gender, billing address, delivery address, pin code, mobile number, occupation, interests etc. Upon registration We shall send communications from the Website(e.g. newsletters, updates).
We use this information to contact you about the services you are using on our Website/ Application and services in which you have expressed interest. We use this information for billing purposes and to fill your orders. If we have trouble processing an order, We will use this information to contact You.
Business Transfers
In case We are acquired by or merged with another Company, We shall transfer Your Personal Information to the entity we are acquired by or merged with. In the event of a merger or acquisition, We shall notify You by email/by putting a prominent notice on the App/ Website before Your Personal Information is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Cookies
We use data collection devices such as "cookies" on certain pages of our Application/ Website. "Cookies" are small files sited on Your hard drive that assist us in providing customized services. We also offer certain features that are only available through the use of a "cookie". Cookies can also help Us provide information, which is targeted to Your interests. Cookies may be used to identify logged in or registered users. Please read here our full cookie policy:
Third party vendors including
www.google.com
(“Google”) may use cookies to serve ads based on Your visits to this Application/ Website.
 You may choose to opt out of the use of cookies for interest-based advertising, if the third party offers such an option. You may choose to opt-out of the DoubleClick cookie that Google and its partners use for interest-based advertising by visiting Ads Settings.
The Application/ Website has also enabled the Google Analytics/other analytics suites such as rudder stack which allows Google/third parties to collect anonymous data about users on our Application/ Website for analytics and Application/ Website improvement purpose, in addition to Google advertising cookies and anonymous identifiers.
Web Beacons.
Certain sections of our Website/ Application and our emails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit the Company, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an email and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of a certain section and verifying system and server integrity).
Cookies can be "Persistent" or "Session" Cookies. Persistent Cookies remain on Your personal computer or mobile device when You go offline, while Session Cookies are deleted as soon as You close Your web browser.
We use both Session and Persistent Cookies for the purposes set out below:
Necessary / Essential Cookies
Type: Session Cookies
Purpose: These Cookies are essential to provide You with services available through the Website/ Application and to enable You to use some of its features. They help to authenticate users and prevent fraudulent use of user accounts. Without these Cookies, the services that You have asked for cannot be provided, and We only use these Cookies to provide You with those services.
Cookies Policy / Notice Acceptance Cookies
Type: Persistent Cookies
Administered by: Us
Purpose: These cookies identify if users have accepted the use of cookies on the Website/ Application.
Functionality Cookies
Type: Persistent Cookies
Administered by: Us
Purpose: These cookies allow us to remember choices You make when You use the Website, such as remembering your login details or language preference. The purpose of these Cookies is to provide You with a more personal experience and to avoid You having to re-enter your preferences every time You use the Website.
For more information about the cookies we use and your choices regarding cookies, please visit our Cookies Policy or the Cookies section of our Privacy Policy.
Disclosure of your personal information to service providers and third parties
We share Your Personal Information in the following circumstances:
6.1 ADVERTISING
The Company uses some third parties to administer a limited set of advertisements on Our App and Website. During this process, aggregate profile information of the User , such as user community, may be used in the selection of advertising to make sure that it has relevance to the User. On some banner ads, an embedded pixel may be present, and while it does not associate with a cookie or other personal profile information, it may return session connection information that allows advertisers to better determine how many individual Users have clicked on the ad banner.
6.2EXTERNAL SERVICE PROVIDERS:
We use the services of our enabling Service Providers such as outside shipping companies, resellers, business associates to fulfill orders, and credit / debit card processing persons or entities to process the payment for goods and services ordered from Our Website/ Application.  There may be a number of services offered by external Service Providers that help You use Our Application/ Website. If You choose to use these optional services, and in the course of doing so, disclose information to the external Service Providers, and/ or grant them permission to collect information about You, then their use of Your information is governed by their privacy policy.
6.3 Affiliates:
We share much of our data, including Your Personal Information, with Affiliates that are committed to serving Your needs through use of Our App/Website and related services, throughout the world. Such data shall be shared for the sole purpose of enhancing Your experience of using the App/Website.
6.4 Law and Order:
We cooperate with law enforcement inquiries, as well as other third parties to enforce laws, such as: intellectual property rights, fraud and other rights. We can, and You so authorise Us, disclose Your Personal Information to law enforcement and other government officials as We, in Our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate, in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringements, or other activity that is illegal or may expose Us/ Us or You to any legal liability.
Any information that You make publicly available on the Website/ Application may be potentially viewed by any party, and by posting such material it is deemed that You consent to share such information with such parties.
External Links on the Application/Website
The App/Website may include advertisements hyperlinks to other website/ application, content or resources. We have no control over such external links present in the App/Website, which are provided by persons or companies.
You acknowledge and agree that We are not responsible for any collection or disclosure of Your Personal Information by any external website, application, companies or persons, nor do We endorse any advertising, products or other material on or available from such external websites or resources or applications.
You further acknowledge and agree that We are not liable for any loss or damage which may be incurred by You as a result of the collection and/or disclosure of Your Personal Information or other data by external websites, or resources, or as a result of any reliance placed by You on the completeness, accuracy or existence of any advertising, products or other materials on, or available from such websites, app or resources. Please note these websites and resource providers may have their own privacy policies governing the collection, storage, retention and disclosure of Your Personal Information that You may be subject to. We recommend that You enter the external websites and review their privacy policy.
Rights to confirmation access and modification
You may ask us to confirm what Personal Information We hold about you at any time, and request us to modify, update or delete such Personal Information . You may also request a copy of the Personal Information we hold about you by sending an e-mail to email us at  contactus@caratlane.com.
Following registration, You can access, review and change the Personal Information You submitted at the stage of registration. An option for facilitating such change shall be present on the App/Website.
Even if you request for deletion of Personal Information,  We shall retain in Our files, information You have requested to remove for certain circumstances, such as to resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems and enforce Our terms and conditions. Further, such prior information is never completely removed from Our databases due to technical and legal constraints, including stored 'back up' systems.
Therefore, You should not expect that all of Your Personal Information shall be completely removed from our databases in response to Your requests.
Compliance And Cooperation With Regulatory Authorities
We regularly review our compliance with our Privacy Policy. When we receive formal written complaints, we will contact the person who made the complaint to follow up. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of Personal Information that we cannot resolve with our users directly.
Opt-out policy/right to restrict our use of your personal information
Users can opt out of being contacted by the Company, or receiving information as a whole or a part from the Company at any time by selecting the appropriate option provided for in their profiles or at any time by sending an email to grievances@caratlane.com. If, at any time after registering for information or ordering services, Users change their mind about receiving information from the Application/Website, the frequency with which they receive information or about sharing their information with third parties, they may modify their choices in the options provided for the same on their profiles or simply send the request to  grievances@caratlane.com.
You have the right to complain about the improper processing of your Personal Information (such as collection, storage, modification, transfer, deletion, etc.) by emailing us at grievances@caratlane.com.
Right to Data Portability
You have the right to request that we transfer your Personal Information to another third party. This right of data portability only applies to certain types of Personal Information.
Retention of personal information
We adhere to the principles of purpose limitation and data minimization. Therefore, we only store your Personal Information for as long as it is necessary to achieve the purposes mentioned here or as long as the many storage period required under the applicable laws. After discontinuation of the respective purpose or expiry of these deadlines, the corresponding Personal Information will be deleted in accordance with the statutory provisions. However, even if we delete your Personal Information, it may persist on backup or archival media for audit, legal, tax or regulatory purposes or any other purpose specifically permitted under the applicable laws.
Right To Nominate
You have the right to nominate a representative to act on your behalf regarding the processing of your Personal Information. This representative may exercise your data rights and make decisions concerning your Personal Information in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. To nominate a representative, you must provide written authorization to contactus@caratlane.com specifying the individual or entity you wish to appoint as your representative. This authorization should include the representative's contact details and any specific instructions regarding the handling of your Personal Information. Your nomination of a representative will be considered valid and effective upon our receipt of the written authorization. We reserve the right to verify the authenticity of the authorization and may request additional information or documentation as necessary. You have the right to revoke your nomination of a representative at any time by providing us with written notice of your decision. Upon receipt of the revocation notice, we will cease to recognize the nominated representative and will communicate directly with you regarding your Personal Information. Any representative nominated by you shall be obligated to act in your best interests and to comply with applicable data protection laws and regulations. We may rely on instructions and decisions provided by your nominated representative as if they were provided directly by you.
We reserve the right to refuse to recognize a nominated representative if we have reasonable grounds to believe that the nomination is fraudulent, invalid, or contrary to our legal obligations. In such cases, we will notify you of the reasons for our decision and may request further clarification or documentation.
Transfer of your personal information
Your Personal Information, is processed at the Company's operating offices and in any other places where the Service Providers appointed by the Company and  involved in the processing are located. It means that this information may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of Your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from Your jurisdiction.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by Your submission of such information represents Your agreement to that transfer.
The Company will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that Your Personal Informatiom is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of Your Personal Information will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of Your Personal Information.
Minor Users
We do not offer products or services for use by minors. If you are under eighteen years of age, You may use our Website or Application only with the involvement of a parent or guardian.
Security
We treat data as an asset that must be protected against loss and unauthorised access. We employ many different security techniques to protect Your Personal Information from unauthorised access by members inside and outside the Company. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the Personal Information submitted to Us and information that we have accessed. However, “perfect security” does not exist on the Internet. You therefore agree that any security breaches beyond the control of Our standard security procedures are at Your sole risk and discretion. We have put in place procedures and Privacy Incident and Personal information Breach Management Policy, to deal with any suspected data security breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a suspected breach where we are legally required to do so.
Further, we work hard to protect our users from unauthorized access or unauthorized alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold. In particular:
We encrypt our services using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL).
We review our information collection, storage and processing practices, including physical security measures, to guard against unauthorized access to systems.
We restrict access to personal information to employees, contractors and agents who need to know that information in order to process it for us, and who are subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Severability
Each paragraph of this Privacy Policy shall be and remain separate from and independent of and severable from all and any other paragraphs herein except where otherwise expressly indicated or indicated by the context of the Privacy Policy. The decision or declaration that one or more of the paragraphs are null and void shall have no effect on the remaining paragraphs of this Privacy Policy.
Amendment
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time.  Hence we shall post any privacy policy changes on the homepage of the Application or on the Website or notify You by email. The updated version of the Privacy Policy will be effective as soon as it is accessible.
Disclaimer of Warranties
The Company provides the Website and Application and the services "as is". The Company makes no express or implied warranties or guarantees about the services. To the maximum extent permitted by law, the Company disclaims all such warranties, including all statutory warranties, with respect to the services and the Website, including without limitation any warranties that the services are merchantable, of satisfactory quality, accurate, fit for a particular purpose or need, or non-infringing. The Company does not guarantee that the results that may be obtained from the use of the services will be effective, reliable or accurate or will meet your requirements. We incorporate commercially reasonable safeguards to help protect and secure your Personal Information, however, no data transmission over the internet, wireless transmission or electronic storage of information can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Please note that we cannot ensure the security of any information you transmit to us, you provide us with your information at your own risk.
Indemnity
You agree and undertake to indemnify us in any dispute by any third party arising out of disclosure of Personal Information by You to third parties either through Our App, Website or otherwise and Your use and access of apps, websites or resources of third parties. We assume no liability for any actions of third parties with regard to Your Personal Information, which You may have disclosed to such third parties.
Complaint
You may direct any complaints, questions, or enquires with respect to the privacy principles outlined above or about our practices by contacting the designated person(s) appointed by Us for addressing the concerns:
BY USING THE WEBSITE OR NATIVE MOBILE APPLICATIONS, YOU SIGNIFY YOUR AGREEMENT TO THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY, CARATLANE.COM RESERVES THE RIGHT, IN OUR SOLE DISCRETION, TO CHANGE, MODIFY, ADD OR DELETE PORTIONS OF THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY AT ANY TIME.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please feel free to [Contact Us] through our Website or native mobile applications or write to us at contactus@caratlane.com.
For Grievance Related Queries:
Grievance officer :  Shruti Sharma
Email id: grievances@caratlane.com
Contact no: +91-7305487555
Time: 9.30am to 6.30pm (all working days)
Important Note:
Contact the grievance desk if you didn't receive a desired resolution through contactus@caratlane.com