It all starts with becoming a Global Citizen.
Already have an account?
Log in
Sign Up with Google
Sign Up with Apple
or
Email Address
*Required
Sign up
Terms and Privacy Policy agreement (required):
I've read, understood and agree to Global Citizen’s
Terms
and
Privacy Policy
.
Sign up for emails (optional):
Sign up to hear from
Global Citizen
and learn more about our campaign to end extreme poverty, our events, and the issues you care about.
Thanks for signing up as a global citizen. In order to create your account we need you to provide your email address. You can check out our
Privacy Policy
to see how we safeguard and use the information you provide us with. If your Facebook account does not have an attached e-mail address, you'll need to add that before you can sign up.
Rerequest with Facebook
This account has been deactivated.
Please contact us at
contact@globalcitizen.org
if you would like to re-activate your account.
Who We Are
Main Menu
About Us
Our Issues
Our Impact
Governance
Our Partners
What We Do
Main Menu
Campaigns
Convening
Awards
Collaborations
Events
Get Involved
Main Menu
Take Action
Rewards
Download the App
Partner With Us
Shop
Donate
Download App
English
Sign up
Sign in
English
Main Menu
English
Deutsch
français
Español (América Latina)
Português (Brasil)
Sign up
Sign in
Global Citizen
About Us
Our Issues
Our Impact
Governance
Our Partners
Campaigns
Convening
Awards
Collaborations
Events
Take Action
Rewards
Download the App
Partner With Us
Shop
Donate
Download App
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: 18 June 2024
Global Poverty Project, Inc. d/b/a Global Citizen (“GC”, “we”, “our” or “us”) collects and uses personal information in order to provide our products and services. This Privacy Policy describes the personal information we collect, the purposes for which we use it, the parties with whom we may share it, and your choices with respect to such information.
For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “personal information” means any information that relates to you as an individual and could reasonably be used to identify you. This Privacy Policy applies to our collection and use of personal information through this website and any related websites, applications, tools, platforms, events or services as well as through any other means where a link or reference to this Privacy Policy is provided. To the extent permitted by applicable law, your use of GC’s products and services, including participation in events and programs, constitutes your acknowledgment and/or consent to the practices described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy in general or any part of it, you should not access the website, use our services or otherwise provide your information to us.
This Privacy Policy is incorporated into GC’s
Terms of Use
.
Information We Collect
GC may collect and process the following categories of personal information about you from the sources identified as follows. Note that we may combine personal information collected from different sources for any of the purposes listed below in Section 2 (“How We Use the Information We Collect”).
Program and Event Data.
We collect personal information from you when you attend GC events, participate in GC programs or when you download certain content. Such information may include your name, address, telephone number, email address, organizational affiliation, dietary requirements and preferences, interests, data relating to physical health (
e.g
., disability requirements when attending an event), biometric data from any photographs and video footage, and certain other personal information that GC may use to identify you. Please note that, if you choose to provide personal information to us about someone else (such as one of your guests who will sit at a table you sponsor or use one of your tickets at one of our events) you must ensure that you are entitled to provide that personal information to us and that, without us taking any further steps, we may collect, use, disclose and otherwise process that personal information as described in this Privacy Policy.
Communications, Petitions and Survey Data
. We may collect personal information from you, including your name, address, telephone number, email address and organizational affiliation, when you contact GC for any reason, such as to sign up for news, alerts, rewards, events or publications from GC or a partner organization, when you use a “Contact Us” or similar form to obtain further information from us via our website or otherwise, when you send emails to world leaders or Letters-to-the-Editor to news publications via our website, or when you sign or complete GC or partner organization petitions and surveys. Please note that you are solely responsible for the specific message(s) you send using our email tool.
Account Data.
We may collect personal information that you provide in connection with account set-up and management, including login ID and password, account preferences and settings, and other personal information concerning the account or our services that may be transmitted through the GC website or mobile app.
Transaction and Payment Data.
When we provide you with products or services or when you provide donations, we may require that you provide us with your contact information such as name, address, email address and telephone number; billing information such as billing name and address; or financial information such as credit card information or bank account information. Please note that we do not store any credit card information; our third party payment providers, such as PayPal, will process your card details.
Applicant Data.
When you apply for a position with us, whether online or offline, we may collect personal information from you, from publicly available sources, and from third parties, including from recruiters and in connection with performing reference checks. This information may include contact information, data concerning your health and travel history (where you may be attending one of GC’s offices), resume details, and Reputation & Background Check Data (as described in detail below).
Identity Verification Information.
To allow us to respond to requests for data access and/or deletion in accordance with applicable laws or when you visit one of our offices, we may collect personal information from you, including your contact information such as name, address, email address, and telephone number; a copy of your government issued ID (such as driver’s license or passport); and other identifiers as permitted or required by applicable laws and regulations.
Reputation & Background Check Data.
We may collect personal information from you, from publicly available sources, and from third parties, including background investigation or credit check service providers, in connection with performing diligence on our third party service providers, partners, job applicants, as well as on other entities. This data may include contact details, information concerning business practices, creditworthiness, reputation and business history, job titles or roles, and other identification or reputation data.
Other Service Data.
We work closely with third parties (including social networking sites, business partners, sub-contractors in technical, payment and delivery services, advertising networks, analytics providers, search information providers) and may receive information about you from them. These third parties may include organizations that cross-check the information you provide to us with information about you in other databases, which we will include in our records.
Cookies, Web Beacons, and Other Device Data.
In order to improve our services, we use cookies (small text files stored on users’ computers) and periodically analyze web logs. We may collect IP addresses to better understand where our traffic is coming from, and to provide customized services to members. We may also use third-party services, including, without limitation, Google Analytics, to help us understand traffic patterns and know if there are problems with our website. We may use embedded images and URLs in emails to track open rates for our mailings, and to correctly identify individuals taking action using our website (such as signing petitions and filling out surveys). When you access our website, your computer’s browser may also automatically provide us with certain personal information, including information about your computer’s browser type, operating system and IP address, as well as your access date and time and your referring and exiting URLs. For more information about cookies and for guidance on how to refuse cookies, please review our
Cookie Policy.
How We Use the Information We Collect
Your personal information may be collected, stored, disclosed and processed by GC for the following purposes:
to provide you with any information or services that you request from us (
g.
, event information, to keep you up-to-date with the progress of a development you are interested in, or other similar information which relates to your inquiry);
to provide you with information about other services we offer;
to understand your needs and interests and to assess your application to attend an event or for a program, where applicable;
where permitted, to provide you with marketing;
to analyze and improve our services and to notify you about changes to our services;
for the management and administration of our business;
to administer and improve this website and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes and as part of our efforts to keep this website safe and secure;
to comply with and in order to assess compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations (including tax reporting purposes pursuant to tax legislation), industry codes, voluntary codes we decide to adopt, or good practice and internal policies and procedures;
to confirm and verify your identity and to conduct background and related checks;
to detect, investigate and prevent fraud and other crimes or malpractice;
for the purpose of, or in connection with, any legal proceedings;
to obtain legal advice or to establish, exercise or defend legal rights;
the administration and maintenance of databases storing personal information; and
to comply with our contractual obligations.
GC is entitled to use your personal information for these purposes because one or more of the following legal bases applies:
GC needs to do so in order to perform its contractual obligations to you (for example, in order to manage your investments and verify the information you provide);
GC has obtained your specific and informed consent (which may include written consent) unless an exemption provided under applicable law permits the use and disclosure of your personal information without your consent;
GC has legal or regulatory obligations that must be discharged;
GC may need to do so in order to establish, exercise or defend its legal rights or for the purpose of legal proceedings; or
the use of your personal information is necessary for our legitimate business interests or the legitimate interests of a third party provided such interests are not overridden by your rights or interests, including: (i) allowing GC to effectively and efficiently administer and manage the operation of its business; (ii) maintaining compliance with internal policies and procedures; (iii) monitoring the use of our copyrighted materials; (iv) offering optimal, up-to-date security solutions for mobile devices and IT systems; or (v) for internal research purposes.
If you are located in a jurisdiction which requires us to obtain your consent to collect, use, store, process and disclose your personal information, you understand that by accepting the terms of this Policy you expressly provide your consent to GC collecting, using, storing, processing and disclosing your personal information as set out in this Policy.
When We Share Your Information
We do not share your personal information with third parties except as described in this Privacy Policy. GC may share your information among GC offices. GC may also share your information if we believe it’s required by applicable law, regulation, operating license or agreement, legal process or government request, or where the disclosure is otherwise appropriate due to safety or similar concerns. Finally, GC may share your information with others in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of our assets, consolidation or restructuring, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by or into another company, or in the unlikely event of a bankruptcy.
In addition to GC’s general purposes for processing and disclosing any category of your personal information, we may share specific categories of your personal information to the following third parties in order to ensure we can provide you with the goods and services, and to a standard that is expected, as well as necessary or as otherwise required or permitted by law.
Service Providers
. We may share information about you including Program and Event Data; Communications, Petitions and Survey Data; Account Data; Transactions and Payment Data; Applicant Data; Identity Verification Information; Reputation & Background Check Data; Other Service Data; and Cookies, Web Beacons, and Other Device Data (each as described above in Section 1) with our service providers and vendors in the ordinary course of our business. Such service providers include those used for website development and maintenance, system development and support, event management, customer relationship management, IT support, website and system security, data hosting and storage, and marketing and promotions management.
Partner NGOs and other Organizations
. We may share Communications, Petitions and Survey Data (as described above in Section 1) with trusted partner organizations when we collaborate with such organizations in connection with petitions, email campaigns and rewards programs. We may also share such information with other third party organizations or individuals to enable them to share material with you that aligns with our core values. Please note that by entering any rewards programs, you are agreeing to further contact from the partner organization(s) associated with such reward. The Global Citizen Rewards Terms and Conditions are available
here
. You acknowledge that GC has no control over the content, frequency and/or any other aspect of any communications with partner organization(s).
The General Public
. When you sign a petition or complete a survey, we may make available certain categories of information you provide to news organizations, world leaders and publicly online. Such categories typically include your name, city, state, and comments. In some cases, we may share your street address with a petitioned entity. In no such case will we disclose your email address or phone number without your permission. You acknowledge and agree that when you choose to send emails to world leaders or Letters-to-the-Editor to news publications via our website, you are directly sharing your contact information and, in some cases, other personal information publicly. GC is not sharing such personal information in that instance and takes no responsibility for the potential use of such personal information by any third parties.
Retention Policy
We will retain your Personal Information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy and in each case in accordance with applicable legal and regulatory requirements.
How We Protect Your Personal Information
We implement commercially reasonable controls and appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect personal information, as well as to maintain the security of our information and information systems in respect of personal information. Appropriate controls (such as restricted access) are placed on our computer systems and used where appropriate. Reasonable measures are taken to ensure physical access to personal information is limited to authorized employees.
International Transfers of Information
If you reside in the United Kingdom (“UK”) or the European Economic Area (“EEA”), you acknowledge that the data that we collect from and about you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the UK and EEA, the country in which you reside, or the country from which you are accessing GC’s websites, mobile app, services or products. If we transfer personal information to a third country outside of the UK or EEA, we will take all reasonably necessary steps to ensure that your personal information is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy, and the personal information will be sent pursuant to a valid transfer mechanism, such as the EU standard contractual clauses, the UK Addendum or the UK International Data Transfer Agreement, or any equivalent contracts issued by the relevant competent authority of the EEA or UK, as relevant, unless the data transfer is to a country that has been determined to provide an adequate level of protection for individuals’ rights and freedoms for their personal information. Please contact us (using the information in Section 10 below) if you would like more information about these safeguards.
Your Rights and Choices
To the extent provided by the law of your jurisdiction, such as the European Union’s and the UK’s General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), you may have legal rights in relation to the personal information about you that GC holds. These rights may include, in certain circumstances and subject to certain exceptions:
Access
: You may have the right to access personal information we hold about you, how we use it, and who we share it with.
Portability
: You may have the right to receive a copy of the personal information we hold about you and to request that we transfer it to a third party.
Correction
: You may have the right to correct any of your personal information we hold that is inaccurate.
Erasure
: You may have the right to delete the personal information we hold about you.
Restriction of processing to storage only
: You may have the right to require us to stop processing the personal information we hold about you, other than for storage purposes, in certain circumstances.
Objection
: You may have the right to object to our processing of your personal information.
Objection to marketing
: You can object to our marketing communications at any time by opting-out using the unsubscribe/opt-out function displayed in our communications to you.
Withdrawal of consent
: Where we rely on consent to process your personal information, you have the right to withdraw this consent at any time by contacting us.
Please note that a number of these rights only apply in certain circumstances, and all of these rights may be limited by law. For example, where fulfilling your request would adversely affect other individuals or our trade secrets or intellectual property, where there are overriding public interests or where we are required by law to retain your personal information.
You are able to exercise your rights through your
account settings
page when logged in to the website which gives you options to update your personal information, contact preferences, data processing preferences and to suspend your account. You can request a copy of your information by emailing us at
data@globalcitizen.org
.
Other Important Information about Our Services and Practices
Do Not Track.
Your browser and other mechanisms may permit you to send do-not-track signals or other similar signals via your browser settings to express your preferences regarding online tracking. Due to the lack of any standard for how do-not-track signals should work on commercial websites, we do not currently respond to such signals. Third parties, such as our analytics providers, from time to time may collect personal information that relates to you on our website, over other websites. We cannot control third parties’ responses to do-not-track signals or other such mechanisms. Third parties’ use of personal information relating to you and responsiveness to do-not-track signals is governed by their respective privacy policies.
Links to Other Websites
.
We may provide links to third party websites, and other websites may provide links to our website. Third party websites operate according to their own terms of use and privacy policies. We have no control over such third party websites, and by using our website or mobile app, you acknowledge and agree that we are not responsible for the availability of such third party sites, and do not endorse and are not responsible or liable for any content, advertising, products or other materials on or available from such sites. You further acknowledge and agree that we will not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any content, advertising, products, or other materials on or available from such sites.
Children and Minors
. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 16 without first obtaining consent from their parent or guardian. If we learn that personal information has been collected through the services from children without parental consent, then we will take the appropriate steps to delete this personal information. If you are a parent or guardian and you wish to review the personal information we have collected about your child, delete it, or restrict the further collection or use of it, or if you discover that your child has provided us with personal information without your consent, please contact us using the contact information below.
Accessing and Updating Your Personal Information
. We take reasonable steps to make sure that the personal information collected, used and disclosed is accurate, complete and up-to-date. Individuals who need to access or correct any personal information held by us about them are asked to send a request to data@globalcitizen.org. As much detail as possible should be provided by the individual about the particular information sought, in order to enable us to retrieve it. In certain circumstances, we may not be required by law to provide the individual with access to, or to correct, personal information. If this is the case, reasons will be given for that decision.
For Argentine Residents Only
. THE AGENCY FOR ACCESS TO PUBLIC INFORMATION, in its capacity as Control Authority of Law No. 25,326, has the power to deal with complaints and claims filed by those affected in their rights for breach of the regulations in force regarding the protection of personal information.
For India Residents Only
. We may share your personal information with our partners operating in India for purposes aligned with our core values, and in connection with the purposes for which the information was originally collected by us and such partners may contact you from time to time in connection with said purposes.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update or change this Privacy Policy. Any change to this Privacy Policy will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on our website. Keep in mind that your use of our website means that you accept our Privacy Policy. If any change may materially and/or negatively affect the privacy of your personal information, we will use reasonable efforts to notify you in advance and give you a reasonable period of time to object to any changes. We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy to stay informed about how we collect, use, and share personal information.
Contact
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, your personal information, or the practices of our website, mobile app, services, or products, please fill out our contact form
here
.
Global Poverty Project, Inc. is the data controller for the purposes of the personal information processed under this Privacy Policy.
English (en)
Deutsch (de)
français (fr)
Español (América Latina) (es)
Português (Brasil) (pt)
Cookies on GlobalCitizen.org
We use our own essential cookies on this site to ensure our system can run smoothly and you get the best experience possible, including the ability to log into your account and take action.
We also use some third party cookies to help us deliver relevant recommendations and understand how you use the website so that we can improve our services.
Accept All Cookies
Reject Non-Essential Cookies
Cookie Policy