>
Personal Data Protection Notice
Last updated: 25th July 2018
At JomParkir, we are committed to protecting your privacy and keeping your personal data safe. We want you to understand how we collect, use and store your data. JomParkir will only collect and process your personal data in accordance to the Personal Data Protection Act 2010.
Within our personal data protection notice you can :
Check our updated terms and conditions (refer to website).
Purposes of processing
We will process personal data for the following purposes :
For performance management including assessments, reviews, and disciplinary actions;
to comply with legislative and statutory requirements;
for the prevention and detection of crime;
to protect or enforce our rights including to recover any debt owing to us;
for verification and reference checks by third parties;
to provide to you or offer to you information, assistance, products, and/or services, for example, events ;
for general administrative and management purposes; and
for all other purposes in relation or incidental to the above.
Disclosure of personal data
JomParkir may disclose your personal data to the following parties (including those within and outside Malaysia)
We may also disclose your personal data (within and outside Malaysia) in good faith: (i) to comply with requirements of the government, law enforcement agencies, any authorities to whom JomParkir is subject to or any orders of court; (ii) as is necessary or relevant in relation to any legal process;  or (iii) if required or authorised by law.
You own your personal data. JomParkir relies on your willingness to share your data with us in order to create, fix and improve our services. We hope this privacy notice empowers you to make sound decisions regarding your personal information.
If you have any queries about our privacy notice, please be aware all request are to be send to
support@jomparking.com
Thank you for trusting us to responsibly manage your data. We will continute to make updates in any way to secure your experience in our app.