Privacy Policy
1 Giant Mind, LLC (“1 Giant Mind”) is committed to protecting the privacy of our end users.  1 Giant Mind knows that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly. This notice describes our privacy policy (the “Privacy Policy”). By visiting 1 Giant Mind, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy. Please take a moment to familiarize yourself with our privacy practices and let us know if you have any questions.
WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION ABOUT CUSTOMERS DOES 1 GIANT MIND COLLECT?
The information we learn from customers helps us personalize and continually improve your general experience at 1 Giant Mind. Here are the types of information we gather.
INFORMATION YOU GIVE US - We receive and store any information you enter on our Website or give us in any other way. See below for examples of what we collect. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our features. We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests, customizing future shopping for you, improving our services, and communicating with you.
AUTOMATIC INFORMATION - We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. For example, like many Websites, we use “cookies,” and we obtain certain types of information when your Web browser accesses 1 Giant Mind or advertisements and other content served by or on behalf of 1 Giant Mind on other Websites. See below for examples of the information we receive.
E-MAIL COMMUNICATIONS - To help us make e-mails more useful and interesting, we often receive a confirmation when you open e-mail from 1 Giant Mind if your computer supports such capabilities. We also compare our customer list to lists received from other companies, in an effort to avoid sending unnecessary messages to our customers. If you do not want to receive e-mail or other mail from us, you can opt out anytime by updating your preferences.
INFORMATION FROM OTHER SOURCES - We might receive information about you from other sources and add it to our account information. See below for examples of the information we receive.
WHAT ABOUT COOKIES?
Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser and to provide you with features such as ease of purchasing, personalized advertisements, and storage of items in your shopping cart between visits.
The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. Additionally, you can disable or delete similar data used by browser add-ons, such as Flash cookies, by changing the add-on’s settings or visiting the Website of its manufacturer. However, because cookies allow you to take advantage of some of 1 Giant Mind’s essential features, we recommend that you leave them turned on. For instance, if you block or otherwise reject our cookies, you will not be able to add items to your shopping cart, proceed to Checkout, or use any 1 Giant Mind products and services that require you to sign in.
DOES 1 GIANT MIND SHARE THE INFORMATION IT RECEIVES?
Information about our customers is an important part of our business, and we are not in the business of selling it to others. We share customer information only as described in this Privacy Policy and with subsidiaries that either are subject to this Privacy Policy or follow practices at least as protective as those described in this Privacy Policy.
AFFILIATED BUSINESSES WE DO NOT CONTROL
We work closely with affiliated businesses. In some cases, these businesses sell offerings to you at 1 Giant Mind. In other cases, we operate stores, provide services, or sell product lines jointly with these businesses. You can tell when a third party is involved in your transactions, and we share customer information related to those transactions with that third party.
THIRD-PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS
We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include fulfilling orders, delivering packages, sending postal mail and e-mail, removing repetitive information from customer lists, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, providing search results and links (including paid listings and links), processing credit card payments, and providing customer service. They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes.
PROMOTIONAL OFFERS
Sometimes we send offers to selected groups of 1 Giant Mind customers on behalf of other businesses. When we do this, we do not give that business your name and address. Before we send you any such offers, we will specifically ask you to approve the receipt of any such offers.  We will not send any offers to you if you have not specifically opt-in to receive the offers.
BUSINESS TRANSFERS
As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy businesses, subsidiaries, or business units. In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Policy (unless, of course, the customer consents otherwise). Also, in the unlikely event that 1 Giant Mind or substantially all of its assets are acquired, customer information will of course be one of the transferred assets.
PROTECTION OF 1 GIANT MIND AND OTHERS
We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law; enforce or apply our Terms of Use and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of 1 Giant Mind, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction. Obviously, however, this does not include selling, renting, sharing, or otherwise disclosing personally identifiable information from customers for commercial purposes in violation of the commitments set forth in this Privacy Policy.
WITH YOUR CONSENT
Other than as set out above, you will receive notice when information about you might go to third parties, and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information.
HOW SECURE IS INFORMATION ABOUT ME?
We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input.
We reveal only the last four digits of your credit card numbers when confirming an order. We transmit the entire credit card number securely to the appropriate credit card company during order processing.
It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer.
WHAT ABOUT THIRD-PARTY ADVERTISERS AND LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES?
Our site includes third-party advertising and links to other Websites. We do not provide any personally identifiable customer information to these advertisers or third-party Websites.  These third-party Websites and advertisers, or Internet advertising companies working on their behalf, sometimes use technology to send (or “serve”) the advertisements that appear on our Website directly to your browser. They automatically receive your IP address when this happens. They may also use cookies, JavaScript, web beacons (also known as action tags or single-pixel gifs), and other technologies to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content. We do not have access to or control over cookies or other features that they may use, and the information practices of these advertisers and third-party Websites are not covered by this Privacy Policy. Please contact them directly for more information about their privacy practices. In addition, the Network Advertising Initiative offers useful information about Internet advertising companies (also called “ad networks” or “network advertisers”), including information about how to opt-out of their information collection.
1 Giant Mind also displays personalized third-party advertising based on personal information about customers, such as purchases on 1 Giant Mind, or visits to 1 Giant Mind’s associate’s Websites. See below for more information about the personal information that we gather. Although 1 Giant Mind does not provide any personal information to advertisers, advertisers (including ad-serving companies) may assume that users who interact with or click on a personalized advertisement meet their criteria to personalize the ad.
WHICH INFORMATION CAN I ACCESS?
1 Giant Mind gives you access to a broad range of information about your account and your interactions with 1 Giant Mind for the limited purpose of viewing and, in certain cases, updating that information. See below for some examples, the list of which will change as our Website evolves.
WHAT CHOICES DO I HAVE?
As discussed above, you can always choose not to provide information, even though it might be needed to make a purchase or to take advantage of such 1 Giant Mind features as your profile, and check out.
You can add or update certain information on pages such as those referenced in the “section listed above. When you update information, we usually keep a copy of the prior version for our records.
If you do not want to receive e-mail or other mail from us, please adjust your Member Account (If you do not want to receive Terms of Use and other legal notices from us, such as this Privacy Policy, those notices will still govern your use of 1 Giant Mind, and it is your responsibility to review them for changes.)
CHILDRENS ONLINE PRIVACY PROTECTION ACT COMPLIANCE
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
RESEARCH AND EVALUATION
1 Giant Mind is committed to ensuring that 1 Giant Mind meets the needs of the users. From time to time, we may undertake some research and evaluation activities with registered users to gain feedback and to better understand their needs.
The process may consist of asking users to complete short surveys whilst visiting the 1 Giant Mind website and/or smartphone App, and all information collected will be maintained in accordance with relevant research standards and this Privacy Policy.
Registered users may opt not to participate, or withdraw from participating in these activities at any time. This will not affect their relationship with 1 Giant Mind or their use and access to 1 Giant Mind and other 1 Giant Mind programs.
The findings from these research and evaluation activities may be presented in reports, conference papers or published in journals or media releases, however users names will not be disclosed.
If 1 Giant Mind seeks registered users to assist in media releases or conference presentations, additional consent will be directly requested from any such user.
TERMS OF USE, NOTICES, AND REVISIONS
If you choose to visit 1 Giant Mind, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use INCLUDE LINK TO TERMS OF USE including limitations on damages, resolution of disputes, and application of the law of the state of Delaware. If you have any concern about privacy at 1 Giant Mind, please Contact Us with a thorough description, and we will try to resolve it. Our business changes constantly, and our Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use will also change. We may e-mail periodic reminders of our notices and conditions, unless you have instructed us not to, but you should check our Website frequently to see recent changes. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Policy applies to all information that we have about you and your account. We stand behind the promises we make, however, and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of affected customers.
RELATED PRACTICES AND INFORMATION
Terms of Use
Disclaimer
EXAMPLES OF INFORMATION COLLECTED
Information You Give Us. You provide most such information when you search, buy, participate in a contest or questionnaire, or communicate with customer service. For example, you provide information when you search for a product; place an order through 1 Giant Mind or one of our third-party sellers; provide information in your Member Profile (and you might have more than one if you have used more than one e-mail address when shopping with us); communicate with us by phone, e-mail, or otherwise; complete a questionnaire; registries; participate in any community features; and employ other Personal Notification Services. As a result of those actions, you might supply us with such information as your name, address, and phone numbers; credit card information; people to whom purchases have been shipped, including addresses and phone number; people (with addresses and phone numbers) listed in friends settings; e-mails to us; personal description; and financial information, including Social Security and driver’s license numbers.
AUTOMATIC INFORMATION
Examples of the information we collect and analyze include the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet; login; e-mail address; password; computer and connection information such as browser type, version, and time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system, and platform; purchase history, which we sometimes aggregate with similar information from other customers to create certain features; the full Uniform Resource Locator (URL) clickstream to, through, and from our Website, including date and time; cookie number; products or services you viewed or searched for; and the phone number you used to call us. We may also use browser data such as cookies, Flash cookies (also known as Flash Local Shared Objects), or similar data on certain parts of our Website for fraud prevention and other purposes. During some visits we may use software tools such as JavaScript to measure and collect session information, including page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page.
INFORMATION FROM OTHER SOURCES
Examples of information we receive from other sources include updated delivery and address information from our carriers or other third parties, which we use to correct our records and deliver your next purchase or communication more easily; account information, purchase or redemption information, and page-view information from some merchants with which we operate co-branded businesses or for which we provide technical, fulfillment, advertising, or other services; search term and search result information from some searches conducted through the Web search features; search results and links, including paid listings (such as Sponsored Links); and credit history information from credit bureaus, which we may use to help prevent and detect fraud and to offer certain credit or financial services to some customers.
INFORMATION YOU CAN ACCESS
Examples of information you can access easily at 1 Giant Mind include up-to-date information regarding recent orders; personally identifiable information (including name, e-mail, password, communications preferences, and address book); payment settings (including credit card information and gift certificate, gift card, and check balances); e-mail notification settings (including but not limited to, alerts, available to order notifications,  recommended for you, special occasion reminders, and newsletters); recommendations (including recent product view history, prior order history, and favorites); shopping lists and gift registries; and your account profile.
The 1 Giant Mind Privacy Policy was updated on March 29, 2018.