PRIVACY POLICY FOR TAPCLAP LTD (TAPCLAP) PROJECTS AND SERVICES
TAPCLAP follows generally accepted industry standards to protect the information you submit. Please note
				that
				information that you voluntarily make public or disclose by posting will be publicly available and
				viewable
				by
				others. TAPCLAP bears no liability for any information that you voluntarily choose to make public
				through
				such
				and/or other explicit actions, but TAPCLAP is nevertheless committed to protecting and respecting your
				privacy.
				This Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) describes how TAPCLAP treats information that you provide or that
				TAPCLAP
				collects about you.
“Personal Data” refers to data that relates to you as an identified or identifiable natural person. The
				term
				“Personal Data” may apply to information such as, but not limited to, your name, address, telephone
				number,
				email address, age, gender, and game preferences. Anonymous information that TAPCLAP is not in a
				position to
				relate to you does not qualify as Personal Data.
By accepting this Privacy Policy, users of the Games and Website (these terms are defined below)
				expressly
				agree
				to the provision, processing and storage of Personal Data within the scope and on the terms specified in
				the
				Privacy Policy. By submitting Personal Data to TAPCLAP, users of the Games and Website consent to its
				storage,
				processing, and transfer (including cross-border transfer if required by the Services [the term is
				defined
				below]). If users of the Games and Website have any questions or suggestions regarding this Privacy
				Policy
				they
				may email TAPCLAP at email set in section 1 below.
1. DATA CONTROLLER
The “Controller” of data falling under the aegis of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and other
			data
			protection or data privacy laws of the Member States of the European Union and other guidelines that apply
			to
			data protection on the part of the website
tapclap.com
(“Website”) and
			games for
			mobile and other devices
			(“Games”) such as, but not limited to:
Mansion Tale: Merge Secrets,
Guru Match 3D,
Raspberry Jam,
Spell Blast,
Candy Valley,
Pirate Treasures,
Artnum - Color by Number,
Cross Stitch Masters,
Sea Battle Heroes,
and DesignVille,
which are distributed through online stores such as the Apple Store, Google Play, etc., is:
TAPCLAP LTD Address:
28th October Ave, 335,
Office 704,
3106 Limassol Cyprus
The term “Services” refers to providing users of the Games and Website with the opportunity to use the Games
			and
			Website and any other TAPCLAP products and services (including support services and forums) related to the
			Games
			and Website.
2. DATA PROTECTION OFFICER’S CONTACT INFORMATION
TAPCLAP LTD Address:
28th October Ave, 335,
Office 704,
3106 Limassol Cyprus
email:
privacy@tapclap.com
3. FUNDAMENTALS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY
a. The processing of the personal data of users of the Games and Website is performed solely for the purpose
			of
			fulfilling TAPCLAP’s obligations to users of the Games and Website as follows:
			- provide and operate Services;
			- improve our Services and keep them secure;
			- personalize Services;
			- promotional activities, including marketing and advertising;
			- comply with TAPCLAP’s legal obligations;
			- prevent and/or detect fraud or fraudulent behavior.
b. The collection and processing of Personal Data are prerequisites for the possibility of providing users
			with
			access to the Games and Website. When processing Personal Data, TAPCLAP adheres to the legal rights and
			interests of the users of the Games and Website and.
с. TAPCLAP complies with international standards of Personal Data protection and protects users’ personal
			data.
4. LIMITATIONS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy applies to the Games and Website only. TAPCLAP does not control and is not responsible
			for
			third-party resources to which users of the Games and Website can go through the Games and Website.
5. ENSURING INFORMATION SECURITY
TAPCLAP understands the importance of privacy for users of the Games and Website. TAPCLAP maintains
			reasonable
			and appropriate security procedures to protect the personal information of users of the Games and Website
			against loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction, while taking into
			account
			risks involved in the processing of and the nature of the Personal Data.
6. DATA RETENTION AND DATA DELETION
TAPCLAP, in the process of processing Personal Data, stores some of the Personal Data of users of the Games
			and
			Website for as long as users of the Games and Website continue to use the Games and Website. TAPCLAP will
			delete
			the Personal Data of a user of the Games and Website if there is no ongoing legitimate business need to
			process
			data or after receiving the corresponding request from a user of the Games and Website via the email address
			specified in Section 2 of this Privacy Policy within a reasonable time.
7. PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATA OF MINORS
TAPCLAP believes that the Games and Website are used by persons who have reached the age of majority or have
			consented while in the presence of a legal guardian. If TAPCLAP discovers that the Games and Website are
			being
			used by a minor under the age of 13, the Personal Data of such person will be immediately destroyed by
			TAPCLAP
			and removed from all TAPCLAP databases in full. Tapclap recommends that minors aged 13-17 seek a consent
			from
			parents or legal guardians before accessing and/or using Games and Website and providing any private
			information.
8. TARGETED AND PERSONALIZED ADVERTISING
8.1. To show you personalized advertisements in the Services as well as in other websites and services
			(including email) we have a legitimate interest to process necessary data to track the content you access in
			connection with the Services and your online behavior deliver, target and improve our advertising and the
			Services.
8.2. You can opt-out of interest-based advertising on mobile applications by checking the privacy settings
			of
			your Android or iOS device and selecting:
			"limit ad tracking" - (Apple iOS), or
			"opt-out of interest-based ads" - (Android).
			For personalized in-game offers opt-out, you can use the options provided in the game settings.
9. PROVIDING INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES
9.1. TAPCLAP has the right to provide the Personal Data of users of the Games and Website to its affiliates,
			subsidiaries, vendors, or agents working on its behalf for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
			Vendors or agents of TAPCLAP adhere to data privacy and security requirements and are not allowed to use the
			Personal Data they receive from TAPCLAP for any other purpose.
Your personal information may be transferred to, and processed in, countries other than the country of which
			you
			are a resident. These countries may have data protection laws that are different from the laws of your
			country.
			This means that in order to facilitate the use of the Games and Website, TAPCLAP may transfer Personal Data
			to
			suppliers or agents working on TAPCLAP’s behalf and transferred to and processed it in any of these
			countries.
			However, TAPCLAP ensure appropriate safeguards are in place so that your personal information will remain
			protected in accordance with this Privacy Notice. This includes complying with the European Commission’s
			Standard Contractual Clauses for transfers of personal information among TAPCLAP and third-party service
			providers and partners, which require all members to protect the personal information they process from the
			EEA
			in accordance with European Union data protection law. It also includes the transfer of personal information
			to
			third-party service providers and partners that are certified under the EU-US Privacy Shield.
9.2. Since the list of TAPCLAP’s partners can change over time, users of the Games and Website can always
			request an up-to-date list of partners to which data is provided. Users of the Games and Website may request
			this information via email at
privacy@tapclap.com
. By giving
			TAPCLAP Personal Data, users of the Games and
			Website agree to such transfer, storage, or processing. TAPCLAP will take all reasonable steps necessary to
			ensure the security of the Personal Data of users of the Games and Website in accordance with this Privacy
			Policy.
10. LIST OF PROCESSED PERSONAL DATA
TAPCLAP processes only information received directly from users of the Games and Website in accordance with
			Article 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR Regulation, as well as any information that is automatically handled by
			technical
			methods when using the Games and Website. TAPCLAP collects Personal Data and other information that users of
			the
			Games and Website voluntarily provide, namely:
			- Information provided by users of the Games and Website when requesting information or support from
			TAPCLAP;
			- Information that users of the Games and Website have posted on various gaming forums and websites
			concerning
			the Games;
			- Access time in the Games and Website;
			- IP address;
			- Tracking data and cookies (specified in Section 12 of this Privacy Policy);
			- Information sent through in-game data transfer in the Games and Website, including when participating in
			competitions, contests, and tournaments and responding to surveys;
			- Information relating to profiles of users of the Games and Website on social networking websites for the
			purpose of ensuring integration with such social networking websites; and
			- Other information, including information indirectly received through users of the Games and Website when
			interacting with the Games and Website and resources on the internet used when using the Games and Website.
			This
			information may include, but is not limited to, browser and device information, data collected through
			automated
			electronic interactions, application usage data, demographic information, geographical and geo-location
			information, and statistical and aggregated information. Statistical or aggregated information does not
			directly
			identify a specific person, but it may be derived from Personal Data. When combining such information with
			Personal Data, TAPCLAP will treat the combined information as Personal Data.
11. YOUR DATA PROTECTION RIGHTS
You have the following data protection rights:
a. To access, correct, update or request deletion of your Personal Data;
b. To object to the processing of your personal information (which is processed on the grounds of legitimate
			interests);
c. To opt out of marketing communications;
d. You can withdraw your consent to the processing of Personal Data at any time. Withdrawing your consent
			will
			not affect the lawfulness of any processing TAPCLAP conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect
			the
			processing of your personal information conducted pursuant to lawful processing grounds other than consent;
e. You have the right to file a complaint with a data protection authority about our collection and use of
			your
			personal information;
f. Other rights provided for in this Privacy Policy and applicable law.
12. TRACKING DATA AND COOKIES
TAPCLAP and TAPCLAP’s partners such as marketing and analytics partners may use “Cookies,” which are text
			files
			placed on the computers of users of the Games and Website to help TAPCLAP analyze how users use the Games
			and
			Website, and similar technologies (e.g. web beacons, pixels, ad tags, and device identifiers) to recognize
			the
			use of the Games and Website across different devices and TAPCLAP services, as well as to improve TAPCLAP
			services and marketing, analytics, or Website functionality. The use of Cookies is standard on the internet.
			Although most web browsers automatically accept cookies, the decision to accept them rests with users of the
			Games and Website. Users of the Games and Website may adjust their browser settings to prevent the reception
			of
			cookies or to provide notification whenever a cookie is sent to users of the Games and Website.
			Website traffic volume and information pertaining to the Games such as the number of visitors to a given
			Game or
			Website on a daily basis is typically referred to as “Tracking Data.” This type of indirectly-collected
			information is gathered through various means such as an IP address, which is a number that is automatically
			assigned to the computers of users of the Games and Website whenever users of the Games and Website use
			online
			resources. Web servers, the computers that “serve up” web pages, automatically identify computers by their
			IP
			addresses. When users of the Games and Website visit any website or server, TAPCLAP logs the computer’s IP
			address.
All information is collected when users of the Games and Website provide Personal Data within the framework
			of
			the Games and Website and is collected only on an anonymous basis.
TAPCLAP reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy statement at any time, so please review it
			frequently.
DATED: September 24th, 2018