AQUIRIS PRIVACY POLICY FOR HORIZON CHASE TURBO
Last updated: 08 June 2021
Aquiris Game Studio S.A. (“Aquiris”) and its subsidiaries are committed to
      maintaining robust privacy protections for its users. Our Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) is
      designed to help you understand how we collect, use, disclose, transfer, and safeguard the information
submitted by, or otherwise obtained from, you in connection with the game
Horizon Chase Turbo
("Application"). The terms
      “we,” “us,” and “our” refer to Aquiris. “You” refers to you as a
      user of our Application.
The Application is provided by Aquiris. By using or otherwise accessing the
      Application, you acknowledge that you accept the practices and policies outlined in this Privacy Policy.
WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DOES AQUIRIS COLLECT?
We may collect the following types of information from our users:
Personal Information You Provide to Us:
We may receive and store any information you submit to the Application. The types of
      personal information collected may include your
full name, email address, and any other
      information
you deliberately input in the platforms you use to access our Application
      (Epic Games Store, PlayStation Network, Xbox Store, Nintendo Switch, or Steam (“Platforms”)).
Personal Information Collected Automatically:
To keep improving our product and enhancing your experience, w
e receive and store certain types of usage-related information whenever you interact with the
      Application. For example, Aquiris may automatically receive and record information regarding play session length,
      cars in use, and game progress.
HOW DOES AQUIRIS USE THE INFORMATION IT COLLECTS?
Aquiris uses the information described in this Privacy Policy (i) internally to
      analyze, develop and improve its products and services, and (ii) as set forth below in the "Will Aquiris
      share any of the Personal Information it collects?"
section.
Aquiris will retain your information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes
      outlined in this Privacy Policy.
WILL AQUIRIS SHARE ANY OF THE PERSONAL INFORMATION IT
      COLLECTS?
Personal information about our users is an integral part of our business. We neither
      rent nor sell your personal information to anyone
(except for sharing your information
      with an applicable Application Partner - see the "Application Partner Treatment" section above). We
      share your personal information only as described below.
Application Partners: We will share your personal information with an applicable
      Application Partner (see the "Application Partner Treatment" section above).
Agents
: We employ personnel and other companies to perform
      tasks on our behalf and sometimes need to share your information with them to provide products or services to you.
      Unless we tell you differently, Aquiris’ agents
do not
have any right to use the personal information we share with them beyond what is necessary to
      assist us. You hereby consent to our sharing of personal data for the above purposes.
Business Transfers
: In the event we undergo a business
      transaction such as a merger, acquisition by another entity, or sale of all or a portion of our assets, your
      information may be among the assets transferred. You acknowledge and consent that such transfers may occur and are
      permitted by this Privacy Policy and that any acquirer of our assets may continue to process your information as
      set forth in this Privacy Policy. If our information practices change at any time in the future, we will post the
      policy changes to our website so that you may opt-out of the new information practices. We suggest that you check
      our website periodically if you are concerned about how your information is used.
Protection of Aquiris and Others
: We may release personal
      information when we, in our sole discretion, have a good faith belief that disclosure is necessary:
to satisfy any laws or regulations that apply;
when we have a good faith belief that we have to disclose the
        information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including for national security, law
        enforcement, or legal process purposes (for example, a court order, search warrant, or subpoena);
when we believe in our sole discretion that our Services are being
        used in committing a crime, including to report such criminal activity or to share information with other
        companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection, credit risk reduction, and other security
        precautions;
when we have a good faith belief that there is an emergency that
        poses a threat to the health and/or safety of you, another person, or the public generally; and/or
to protect the rights or property of Aquiris or applicable third
        parties.
With Your Consent
: Except as set forth above, you will be
      notified when your personal information may be shared with third parties and will be able to prevent the sharing
      of this information.
HOW DOES AQUIRIS PROTECT MY INFORMATION?
We implement commercially reasonable security measures to protect your information from
      unauthorized access. We further protect your information from potential security breaches by implementing certain
      technological security measures, including encryption and secure socket layer technology. However, these measures
      do not guarantee that your information will not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of such
      firewalls and secure server software. Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors
      may compromise the security of user information at any time. By using our Application, you acknowledge that you
      understand and agree to assume these risks.
Any login credentials to your wireless device or platform, such as a username or
      password, are important security features. As such, it is your responsibility to protect such credentials. Do not
      share your password with any third parties. If your password has been compromised for any reason, you should
      change it immediately.
CONDITIONS OF USE.
Aquiris is proudly located in the Federative Republic of Brazil, and Brazilian laws
      apply to this Privacy Policy and to our services. If any part of these terms is determined to be unlawful, void,
      or unenforceable for any reason, then that part will be severed from these terms, and the rest of the terms will
      remain intact. If Aquiris does not enforce any provision herein, that will not be considered a waiver of
      Aquiris’ rights.
THIRD-PARTY
APPLICATIONS/WEBSITES.
The Application may permit you to link to other applications or websites. Such
      third-party applications/websites are not under Aquiris' control, and such links do not constitute an
      endorsement by Aquiris of those other applications/websites or the services offered through them. The privacy and
      security practices of such third-party applications/websites linked to the Application are not covered by this
      Privacy Policy, and Aquiris is not responsible for the privacy or security practices or the content of such
      websites.
The Application may link you to third-party applications. When that happens, the link
      will always be to launchers, stores, or platform holders related to the platform where you purchased the
      Application. For clarity, if you purchased the Application hypothetically at the Epic Games Store, you may only be
      redirected to an Epic Games website or platform.
We highlight that such third-party applications/websites are not under Aquiris'
      control, and such links do not constitute an endorsement by Aquiris of those other applications/websites or the
      services offered through them. The privacy and security practices of such third-party applications/websites linked
      to the Application are not covered by this Privacy Policy, and Aquiris is not responsible for the privacy or
      security practices or the content of such websites.
DECLINING OR WITHDRAWING PERMISSION FOR DATA AND DATA SUBJECT
      RIGHTS.
You have the right to request access to, modification of, and deletion of any
      information we have collected about you or from you. To make a request, please contact us as described below in
      the “Questions or Concerns” section.
We also receive information from the Platforms. To manage the information we receive
      about you from the Platforms, please follow the instructions provided by the Platforms for updating your
      information and changing your privacy settings. Once we receive your information from the Platforms, that
      information is stored and used by us in accordance with this Policy.
You have the right at any time to prevent us from contacting you for marketing
      purposes. When we send a promotional communication to a user, the user can opt-out of further promotional
      communications by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in each promotional email or communication. You
      can also indicate that you do not wish to receive marketing communications from us by contacting us as described
      in the “Questions or Concerns” section below. Please note that notwithstanding the promotional
      preferences you indicate by either unsubscribing or opting out, we may continue to send you administrative
      communications, e.g., periodic updates to our Privacy Policy.
CALIFORNIA CONSUMERS
If you are a California resident and we have collected personal information (as
      defined in the California Consumer Privacy Act) about you, then you may also request that we:
●
Provide you the categories of personal information we collect and disclose about you; the categories of
      sources of such information; the business or commercial purpose for collecting your personal information; and the
      categories of third parties with whom we share personal information. Such information is also set forth in this
      Policy;
●
Provide access to and/or a copy of certain information we hold about you;
●
Delete certain information we have about you.
You also have the right to not be discriminated against (as provided for in applicable
      law) for exercising certain of your rights.
If you would like further information regarding your legal rights under applicable law
      or would like to exercise any of them, please contact us as described in the “Questions or Concerns”
      section below. We will consider all requests and respond within the time period stated by applicable law. Please
      note your rights and choices vary depending upon your location and that we may request you provide us with
      information necessary to confirm your identity before responding to your request as required or permitted by
      applicable law. Certain information may be exempt from such requests under applicable law. For example, we need
      certain types of information so that we can provide the Application to you or comply with a legal obligation. And
      if you ask us to delete certain information, you may no longer be able to access or use the Application.
NEVADA CONSUMERS
Under a Nevada privacy law, certain Nevada residents may opt-out of the
      “sale” (as defined in that law) of certain categories of information about them for monetary
      consideration to a person for that person to license or sell such information to additional persons. As of the
      effective date of this Privacy Policy, we do not engage in such “sales” of information covered by that
      law. However, if you are a qualifying Nevada resident, you may submit a request to opt-out of future
      “sales” by us under that Nevada law by writing to us as described below. We reserve the right to take
      reasonable steps to verify your identity and the authenticity of the request. Once verified, we will maintain your
      request in the event our practices change.
CAN CHILDREN USE THE APPLICATION?
Our Application is intended for all audiences. We handle data from children under 13
      years of age, or the equivalent minimum age in the child’s relevant jurisdiction, in the same way as other
      users and as described in this Policy. We limit our data collection and use persistent identifiers to support the
      internal operations of the Application only.
We encourage parents to participate in their children's web experience! It is
      Aquiris’ belief that children of any age should get their parents' consent before giving out any
      personal information. If you are a parent and wish to request deletion of the data we have collected as described
      in this Policy, send your solicitation to Aquiris by contacting us as described in the “Questions or
      Concerns” section below.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY.
Aquiris reserves the right to change this Policy and our Terms of Service at any time.
      We will notify you of significant changes to our Privacy Policy by sending a notice to the primary email address
      specified in your account or by placing a prominent notice on our site. Significant changes will go into effect 30
      days following such notification. Non-material changes or clarifications will take effect immediately. You should
      periodically check this site for updates.
QUESTIONS OR CONCERNS.
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, please send us a
      detailed message at
support@aquiris.com.br
. We will make every
      effort to resolve your concerns.