1. Overview
We provide this Privacy Policy to explain how we may collect, retain, process, and transfer your Personal Data when you use our App or visit our Site.
We have defined some terms that are used throughout the Privacy Policy. You can find the meaning of the capitalised terms in the Definitions section.
Please contact us if you have questions regarding our privacy practices which are not addressed in this Privacy Policy.
2. What Personal Data Do We Collect?
When you use our App, we will collect Personal Data as necessary to offer and fulfil the services you request. To protect your data, we give you the choice to decide whether you want to share a Group with others, using a secret access code. In addition, we designed our App such that it can be used without requiring you to sign up with your name or your email address. If you opt to share a Group with others (by selecting this when creating the Group), you provide us with Personal Data belonging to this Group. This includes the name of the Group, the name of the other members who have been added to this Group, as well as titles and amounts of payments and expenses you and other Group members add to the Group. This is necessary to enable other Group members to view and edit this data.
3. Why Do We Retain Personal Data?
We retain Personal Data as necessary to provide the full service offered by our App, to fulfil our legal or regulatory obligations, or to pursue our legitimate interests. You are not required to provide us with your Personal Data; however as a result, you may not be able to use the full service offered by our App. We retain Personal Data for the time necessary for the respective purpose.
4. Do We Share Personal Data?
We may share your Personal Data with others to provide the services our App offers. We may share Personal Data with third-party service providers that perform services and functions at our direction. These third-party service providers include providers needed to operate our cloud-based infrastructure, databases, and other information technology.
We may also share your Personal Data with others if we need to do so to comply with a law, legal process or regulations.
5. International Transfers
Our operations require a network of computers, cloud-based servers, and other infrastructure and information technology. The parties mentioned above may be established in jurisdictions other than your own and outside the European Economic Area and Switzerland. When selecting which parties to work with, we take the adequate protection of your Personal Data into account and whether there exists an adequacy decision by the European Commission for the respective country.
6. How Do We Use Cookies and Tracking Technologies?
When you visit our Site, we may use cookies and other tracking technologies (collectively, “Cookies”) to understand how our Site is used. You may choose to disable or decline Cookies without limiting your use of our Site. When you use our App, we may also collect certain Technical Usage Data to detect malfunction as early as possible and to improve our App continuously.
7. What Privacy Choices Are Available To You?
You may opt to render some of your Personal Data anonymous, by, for example, using abbreviations or code words instead of other Group members' names. In addition, you may enter expenses without providing an expense title.
You generally can review and edit your Personal Data by using our App and updating the information directly, by contacting us.
8. What Are Your Rights?
Subject to limitations set out in EEA data protection laws, you have certain rights in respect of your Personal Data. In particular, you have a right of access, rectification, restriction, opposition, erasure and data portability. Please contact us if you wish to exercise these rights.
9. How Do We Protect Your Personal Data?
We undertake technical and administrative security measures intended to provide reasonable protection for your Personal Data against loss, unauthorised access, disclosure, and alteration. The security measures include data encryption, access authorisation controls, and regular backups of your data. While we are dedicated to securing our systems, you are responsible for securing and maintaining the privacy of the access codes to your Groups..
10. Changes to this Privacy Policy
From time to time, we may revise this Privacy Policy to reflect changes to our business, our Site or our App, or to applicable laws.
11. Contact and Responsibility
You may contact us if you have general questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy or the way in which we handle your Personal Data.
Please direct your enquiries to the responsible person:
Nicolas Jersch
Falkenstraße 15d
81541 München
privacy@splid.app
12. Definitions
App means the mobile application available in the Apple App Store and the Google Play Store.
Site means the website which we provide at http://www.splid.app and associated domains.
Group means a group which you can create with our App.
Personal Data means information that can be associated with an identified or directly or indirectly identifiable natural person.
Technical Usage Data means information we collect from your phone, computer or other device that you use to access the Sites or Services. Technical Usage Data tells us how you use our App, for example whether and when the App crashed and how frequently you use certain features.