Resources
System Requirements
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
System Requirements
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Updated on Nov 30, 2023
UWorld, LLC respects the privacy of people who use the website (
https://www.uworld.com
) or other UWorld services. This privacy statement ("policy") reflects the current information practices of UWorld. Should there be any future changes to our privacy policy, we will continue to post them on this page.
In this policy, "you" and "your" refers to any person or entity subscribing to and/or using the Service ("Users"). “Service” refers to any current or future products (paid or free) offered by UWorld.  Unless otherwise stated, "UWorld," "we," and "our" will refer collectively to UWorld.
Information We Collect
Using Collected Information
Information Sharing
Storage, security and transfer of data
control your information
Other Information
California Privacy Rights
Contact Us
Information We Collect
We collect information when you access our website or use any of our services (including but not limited to our mobile applications).
We collect the following categories of personal information:
Identifiers
, such as your name, email address, IP address, or account name.
Personal information
, such as your educational information, credit card number, or financial information.
Professional or employment-related information
.
Non-public education information
(school attended and date of graduation).
Commercial information
, such as the products or services you’ve purchased, obtained or considered, and other purchasing or consumer histories or tendencies.
Internet activity
, such as your browsing history, your search history, and information on your interaction with our website, our other services, and advertisements.
Geolocation data
, e.g., your physical location of access.
Information could be collected in any/all of the following ways.
Information You Provide
When you register as a member or request information, we will use our registration and online enrollment forms to collect personally identifying information such as your full name, mailing address, email address, telephone number, educational background, professional information and credit card information ("personal data"). In addition, if you contact us via email or offline, we may collect the personal data that you voluntarily provide us at that time..
You may choose to voluntarily submit other information to us through our services that we do not request and, in such instances, you are solely responsible for such information.
Information Collected Automatically
For each visitor to our website, our server automatically records IP (Internet Protocol) address, browser type, operating system, domain name, access times, and referring website addresses.
For users interacting with our services, we may also collect various information using different types of technologies. This information includes:
Type of subscription and your interactions with our Service.
Details of the queries you make, and the date and time of your request.
Any content (as defined previously) you post to the Service including answer responses, notes, flash cards, messages, and forum posts you send and/or receive via the Service.
Technical data, which may include URL information, cookies, your IP address, the types of devices you are using to access or connect to our Service, unique device ID, device attributes, network and device performance, browser type, language, operating system, and UWorld application version.
Location data based on your IP address. UWorld may use third-party applications to look up location based on your IP address. At no point will your personal or other identifying data (other than IP address) be used for such specific purpose.
How We Use Collected Information
We may use any information collected, including personal information:
To complete, perform, and support the activity for which the information was provided.
To improve the content of our website or services.
To develop new products and services, and analyze your use of the Service, including your interaction with applications, products, and services that are made available, linked to, or offered through the Service.
To customize the content and/or layout of our website for you.
To notify you about updates to our website, if you have consented to receive such information.
To contact you for marketing purposes, if you have consented to receive such information.
To process your payment or prevent or detect fraud.
To contact you for employment opportunities.
To enforce this Privacy Policy, the Terms and Conditions of Use, and any other terms to which you have agreed including to protect the rights, property, or safety of UWorld, its users, or any other person, or the copyright-protected content of the Service.
To draw inferences from personal information listed above, to create a profile reflecting your preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities and aptitudes
As otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy.
We may also use or disclose the personal information for its
business purposes
, including:
Secure our network and our website.
Conduct audits related to our current interactions with you
Debug the site and service to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Undertake activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of a service or good that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by UWorld, and to improve, enhance or update them.
Perform services on behalf of UWorld, including maintaining or servicing your account and providing customer service.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers online will only receive telephone contact from us with information regarding orders they have placed online or with regard to technical, billing, or product-related issues when deemed necessary during our regular office hours.
How is the Information Shared
The information collected may be:
Shared with our agents or contractors who assist in providing support for our internal operations.
Used by all of our trading names and affiliated group companies, and transferred to other countries for processing. These countries may not have similar data privacy laws, but if we transfer your information in this way, we will take steps to ensure that your information continues to be protected.
Disclosed when legally required to do so at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation, to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our website and applicable laws, or to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our website, to a successor entity in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, sale of assets, or other corporate change respecting the website.
The information will not be disclosed to third parties unless you have explicitly consented to do so. We are committed to protecting your personal information.
The categories of personal information that we used, transferred, exchanged, or disclosed  (including to third parties) about consumers during the preceding 12 months were: (a) identifiers; (b) personal information; (c) classification data; (d) commercial information; (e) internet activity; (f) geolocation data; and (g) inferences.
The categories of personal information that we disclosed about consumers for a
business purpose
during the preceding 12 months were:  (a) identifiers; (b) personal information; (c) classification data; (d) commercial information; (e) internet activity; (f) geolocation data; and (g) inferences.
Storage, Security and Transfer of Data
Cookies
We use cookies to store users’ preferences and record session information, such as items that users add to their shopping cart, record user-specific information on what pages users access or visit, alert users to new areas that might be of interest to them when they return to our site, record past activity at a site to provide better service when users return to our site, customize website content based on users' browser type, or other information that the user sends.
A cookie is a small piece of information that is sent by a website and stored on the visitor’s computer. Cookies are small files and will not pose any significant disk space concerns. Some cookies used by the UWorld website may remain on the user's computer after they leave the website, but most are set to expire within 30-365 days. You can disable cookies using the settings on your web browser, but doing so will prevent you from taking advantage of customization and certain security features.
Tracking
Our Sites and Services do not collect personal information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites or online services. Therefore, “do not track” signals transmitted from web browsers do not apply to our Sites or Services, and we do not alter any of our data collection and use practices upon receipt of such a signal. We will not respond to Web browser “do not track” signals.   If you would like additional information about online tracking and various opt-out mechanisms, please see
https://youradchoices.com/
Because we link to social media sites, and from time to time may include third-party advertisements, other parties may collect your personally identifiable information about your online activities over time and across different web sites when you visit this Site.
Our website uses Google Analytics Features, including Google Ads, Google Remarketing, and Google Signals, which are services offered by Google Inc. Through our use of Google Ads, we advertise on various sites through a form of tracking called remarketing. Third-party vendors, including Google, show our ads on sites across the Internet and use cookies to serve you ads based on your past visits to these sites.
Google Signals compiles multi-platform data reports on Google users that have enabled personalized advertising via their Google accounts. These reports are based on random samples and are aggregated to ensure anonymity.
You can opt out of Google's use of cookies by visiting Google's Ads Settings at
https://www.google.com/settings/ads/plugin
. Alternatively, you can opt out of a third-party vendor's use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page at
http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/
.
Please note that not all tracking will stop even if you delete cookies.
Security
We use data hosting provider(s) in the United States to store your data. The provider(s) chosen employ a variety of security measures designed to ensure data protection and up-time. Although we are committed to employing safeguards to protect user information, due to the inherent nature of online and evolving technologies, it is not possible to completely secure any/all data. We cannot guarantee that data is absolutely safe and secure from intrusion.
How long is the data stored?
The duration of data storage usually depends on the type of information as indicated below. After the indicated time, the data is either deleted or archived (backed up). In cases where the data is archived, we use reasonable efforts to continue to keep it secure until the time data is deemed safe for deletion.
Personal Information: This data is stored until the time you request to have it deleted. However, we may retain some personal information for a certain duration for us to meet certain legal and financial requirements, to resolve disputes, to enforce our agreements, and to support business operations.
Subscription data: Subscription-related data is stored until the subscription is no longer active. Once the subscription expires, the data is archived (backed up). As mentioned previously, we make all efforts to keep such data safe until it is deemed safe for deletion.
Service via organization: If the Service is provided to you through an organization, subscription-related data can be retained until the administrator of the organization gives approval for deletion or until the point the data is deemed irrelevant. After such time, the data can be either deleted or archived (backed up).
Transmission of Personal Data
The user acknowledges and agrees that by providing UWorld any information through the website, the user automatically consents to the transmission of such personal or proprietary user information over international borders, as necessary, for processing in accordance with UWorld standard business practices.
How to Control Your Information
You have the right:
To request access to the personal information we have about you.
To request that we delete personal information about you.
To opt-out of our use, transfer, exchange or disclosure (including to third parties) of personal information about you.
Not to be discriminated against based upon whether you decide to opt-out.
To exercise the access, deletion, and opt-out rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request using one of the following methods:
Email us at
support@uworld.com
or use contact us using our
help page
.
Use the contact us from on our
help page
.
Fax us at  972.887.3296
Update Personal Information
You can review and update your personal information along with other preferences from the “Profile” section of the website at all times (subject to availability). Upon request, we offer users the ability to have inaccuracies corrected in contact information, financial information, unique identifiers, and transaction information. Users can have this information corrected by sending an email to support@uworld.com or writing to us at UWorld LLC, 9111 Cypress Waters Blvd. Ste 300, Dallas, TX 75019. You can also request to have any personal information, not relevant to the original purpose for which it was collected, removed by writing to us at the above address.
Opt Out of Email Notifications
You can opt out of receiving subscription/service-related notifications and marketing/promotional updates from the “Profile” section of the website at all times. You can also update your preferences by following the “Unsubscribe” link included at the bottom of any email communication. Due to the technical failures and/or other unforeseen reasons, if the system fails to update your preferences, you can also write to us directly at support@uworld.com.
Other Privacy Information
Maintaining Privacy
As stated, UWorld will maintain the confidentiality of all user communications that contain personal information transmitted directly to UWorld. Postings by a user on any public arena, such as a message board or in a chat room, will not and cannot be protected as confidential.
Children
Our Services are not intended or directed toward individuals under age 13. If you fall under the age of 13, please do not use our Services or register on our website. We do not knowingly collect personal information from users under age 13. If it is brought to our attention that personal information has been collected from individuals under age 13, we will take required measures to delete such information. You can write to our support team at support@uworld.com to address any concern you may have regarding such information.
Privacy Policy Changes
We may periodically update our Privacy Policy. All policy changes will be posted on this website, and the date at the top will be updated to reflect that change. If there are any material changes to the policy, all users who have opted to receive communication will be notified via email. We may also show notifications/updates within our products/services to inform you about such changes. Continuing to use the product after the change is effective implies agreement with the Privacy Policy. If you disagree with any of the changes, you must cease using our services and write to us at support@uworld.com or contact us at the address provided for deactivation. Any applicable refunds for paid services will be calculated as per our refund policy.   Any changes will be effective only after the effective date of the change and will not affect any dispute arising prior to the effective date of the change.
California Privacy Rights
This section describes your rights under California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA).
UWorld collects personal and other information as described in the “Information we collect” section. Information is collected for business and commercial purposes only as described in “How We Use Collected Information“ section. Collected information may be shared as per “How is the information shared”. UWorld does not sell (as such term is defined in the CCPA) personal information. We do use cookies as per the policy outlined in “Cookies” and “Information we collect”.
Subject to certain limitations and exceptions as applicable under the law, you have the right to request that we disclose to you what personal Information we collect, use and disclose, including the right to request specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you in the prior 12 months. You also have the right to request to delete personal information, to opt out of any “sales” that may be occurring, and to not be discriminated against for exercising these rights.
You may choose to exercise your right(s) by submitting your request as described in “How to Control Your Information” section.  In order to verify the authenticity of the request, we may use the information your account (including your email address) and/or request a government supplied identification. You have the right to designate an authorized agent to exercise the rights on your behalf. We may require sufficient proof (as applicable under law) to establish the authenticity of the designated agent. In case we are unable to verify the authenticity of designated agent, we may deny requests originating from the said agent.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy or suggestions on how to improve our privacy to all users, you may contact us at any time at support@uworld.com or write to us at the address provided below.
UWorld, LLC
9111 Cypress Waters Blvd, Suite 300
Dallas, TX 75019
New to UWorld?
Welcome! Don't miss out on our top test preparation products.
Learn More
Additional Questions?
Ask away. We'll help you quickly resolve any lingering questions.
Contact Us
We use cookies to learn how you use our website and to ensure that you have the best possible experience.
By continuing to use our website, you are accepting the use of cookies.
Learn More
Manage Cookies
Allow All