We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. Continuing to use this site means you agree to our use of cookies.
Tell me more
GOT IT!
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.mayabank.ph/privacy:
Skip to content
Maya Bank Privacy Policy
Home
›
Privacy Policy
MAYA BANK PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy sets out how Maya Bank, Inc. (Maya Bank, we or us) collects, stores, and handles your personal data when you bank with us.
To ensure that you (customer) can make informed decisions about providing your personal data relating to you when using our products and services, and when participating in our programs and activities, we provide you with this privacy policy outlining our data collection practices and the choices you have concerning how the data is being collected and used.
By providing your personal data to us, you agree to the processing set out in this Privacy Policy. If there are any additional uses of your Personal Data, we will provide you with the ability to opt-in or out of those additional uses. If after reviewing this privacy policy you have any privacy questions or concerns or would like to request access to, correction or object to the processing of your data for legitimate purposes, please contact our Data Privacy Office through
dpo@mayabank.ph
.
This Privacy Policy contains general and technical details about the steps we take to respect your privacy concerns. We have organized the Privacy Policy by major processes and areas so that you can review the information of most interest to you.
Date last updated: February
14, 2025.
We value and respect your privacy so it's only right that you know exactly what information about you is collected when you bank with us. We only collect what is necessary for us to provide our services to you. The term “Personal Data” refers to any personal data that can be used to identify you as an individual.
Who you are
Depending on which product, service, or program you are participating in, we may collect a range of personal data from you subject to the specific purpose declared in our independent privacy notices available strategically in our data collection touchpoints:
Basic personal information like your name, date of birth, nationality, address, and identity supporting documents and government-issued IDs. We may also collect details on your nature of work and source of funds
Your contact details like billing address, telephone number, mobile phone number, email address.
Additional information to verify your identity and protect you against fraud. Which may include photo, liveliness video, biometric data, geolocation data, and specimen signatures.
Personal information for customer verification when you contact us through our official channels such as contact centers, web, and mobile platforms.
If you are availing any Maya Business products and services, we may also collect business information about you as part of our requirements to enable us to provide you with our services such as Business Name, Business Address, Business Contact Details, Business TIN, Business Type, as well as relevant business documents such as SEC certificate, DTI permits, etc.
Additional information
We may also collect the following information as part of our operations and for the protection of your account as part of our risk management, fraud prevention, and security practices, which may include:
Transactional data such as bank account number, deposits, withdrawals, other transfers made to or from your account, and details about them such as reference number, place and time these were made, other forms of customer account number, payments, and transactions.
Information about the value of your assets, your credit history and capacity, and other financial products and services you have with us.
Salary and employment information that you have provided to us including those that you have authorized to share with us.
When you access our website, we may also collect additional information such as information about your browser type, browser language, internet protocol (IP) address, geolocation, server name, date, and time of accessing this website, the pages you access while you are at this website, and the address of the website from which you linked this website from.
In some instances, we may collect information through the use of cookies. If we are going to use cookies, we shall declare it expressly on this website.
When you apply for any of our loan or credit products, we may collect information on your device in order to properly assess your eligibility and creditworthiness , these may include:
Device information:
these include various metadata connected with the device characteristics and configuration such as information about the device brand, model, storage, total and available free memory, battery characteristics, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, and other data describing the device that you are using to access the Maya Mobile App.
Registered Accounts
: these include various metadata connected with the user's accounts on the device such as (include disclaimer text here) number of social media accounts and email apps installed in your device.
Calendars and Contacts
: these include various metadata connected with calendar information and Contacts and Contacts Group presented on the device. It may include calendar attributes such as Events, Attendees, and Reminders.
Media Data
: these include various metadata connected with pictures, music, audio, videos, and download files that are located in the external storage.
Please note that the above-listed metadata are data that provide information about other data, but not the actual content of the data.
There are many distinct types of metadata, including those that are descriptive or data that provides descriptions such as file names and keywords.
Where we get this information
Your Personal Data may be obtained in many ways such as when you provide us with account-opening information, when completing surveys and providing us with your feedback, and when you give us your authorization to pull your credit reports from your approved sources and from other sources, such as public databases, data aggregators, and other commercially available sources that are legally permitted.
We may also collect information through your use of Maya Mobile App, Web Portal, or Platform, through an accredited Third-Party platform or channel, and from Maya Bank’s subsidiaries, affiliates, business partners, and third-party service providers.
Information we collect from other sources
We may also obtain your personal data from third parties such as but not limited to government regulatory agencies, banks and other financial institutions, credit card companies, loyalty program partners, credit bureaus or credit reference agencies and from other sources to which you have given consent for the disclosure of such information relating to you and where otherwise lawfully permitted.
You can check what we know about you by making a request to Maya Bank Data Protection Officer by emailing us through
dpo@mayabank.ph
.
We may use your personal data to provide you with our services and to ensure your optimal banking experience. We take very careful measures to maintain the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of your data by deploying technical and administrative safeguards that protect against unauthorized access, loss, or misuse. These measures include encryption, secure access controls, and regular security assessments to ensure the protection of your personal data when transmitting and storing it to carry out our services for you. We use your personal data for the following purposes:
Process your Maya Bank account application.
Validate your identity before providing our services, or responding to any of your queries, applications, feedback, and complaints.
Manage our day-to-day business operations.
Keep your information updated through our official data touchpoints.
Provide customer service and support
Perform credit checks or due diligence checks to minimize risks or frauds.
Pull your credit report and supplement this information with information available from other sources, such as public databases, data aggregators, and other commercially available sources that are legally permitted.
Safeguard your account and protect you against fraud and other criminal activity.
Settle claims or disputes involving any of our products and services.
Comply with all applicable laws and regulations as well as perform our obligations from any legal authorities.
Update you on changes to our products or services.
Use of Personal Data for Marketing Purposes
We may use your personal data to provide you with updates, offers, and subscriptions where you have chosen to receive these, or connected with us via various channels. With your consent, we may send you information about Maya Bank news, offers, and promotions about our products, services, and programs by different channels of communications such as by email, telephone, or SMS (Short Message Services). You may also see these offers, promotions, and information on social media platforms through which you have connected with us. Please note that this is subject to the terms and conditions of use of the relevant social media platform. It is, however, our intention to only send you communications that you want to receive. When you opt-in to receiving promotional material either in-app through Maya mobile application or when you sign up on our websites and provide your details to us specifically and expressly in order to receive marketing communications specified above, we will periodically contact you via your preferred channel(s).
In cases where your separate and full consent is given, we are also processing your personal data to:
Create your personal profile based on your interests, preferences, and other information that may be relevant for marketing and market research purposes. And allow the sharing of your personal profile to our business partners and third-party service providers for the purposes declared in our independent privacy notices available strategically to you in our data collection touchpoints.
Compute your credit score based on data collected internally within Maya Bank and its subsidiaries and affiliates, and share your credit score with third parties to whom you specifically instruct us to share your credit score; and
Send you information on offers, promotions, and advertisements from our business partners and third-party service providers.
For the list of our partners and affiliates, you may view them
here
We may permit selected third parties to use your Personal Data for the purposes set out above. These parties are contractually prohibited from using Personal Data for any purpose other than for the purpose specified in their respective contracts and will be subject to obligations to process Personal Data in compliance with the same safeguards that we deploy. We may share your personal data with:
Maya Bank’s affiliates and partners for them to process the Personal Data, for the same purposes as indicated above; and
Maya Bank’s partner companies and service providers who help us provide our products and services to you; and
Maya Bank’s security partners who provide us with information and services to protect you against fraud and abuse.
Third parties who provide products or services to Maya Bank or its affiliates and partners for the same purposes as described above; and
Other third parties, where required or permitted by law, including regulatory authorities, government agencies, as well as parties with whom you voluntarily transact.
Your personal data records are stored securely in our live databases and backup cloud platforms. Our retention periods are based on business needs and your Personal Data that we no longer have a purpose to retain is either irreversibly anonymized (and the anonymized information may be retained) or securely destroyed. We store your personal data for a period of 5 years following the requirements of RA 9160, otherwise known as the Anti-Money Laundering Act of 2001 and other applicable laws and regulations which may have their own storage and retention requirements.
You are afforded certain rights in relation to your personal data under the Data Privacy Act of 2012, which includes the right to object to processing, the right to access your data, the right to modify of inaccurate data, and the right to erasure or blocking of data.
You have a right to file a complaint with the National Privacy Commission should you feel that your personal information has been misused, maliciously disclosed, or improperly disposed, or that any of your data privacy rights have been violated. Consequently, you have a right to claim damages in case of inaccurate, incomplete, outdated, false, unlawfully obtained, or unauthorized use of personal information.
If you wish to have access to your personal information in our records; or think that such personal information we have of you is incomplete, not up-to-date, or otherwise inaccurate; or prefer to opt-out of this privacy policy you may contact our Data Protection Officer by sending us an email through
dpo@mayabank.ph
.
Should you have any questions or concerns related to your privacy; or if you would like to exercise any of your rights as a data subject, you may contact our Data Protection Officer by emailing us at
dpo@mayabank.ph
.
In addition, should we be aware that your data has been compromised and is, or likely to result in significant harm to you, we will notify you and advise you on steps to protect yourself from further potential harm. Please be assured that you can always validate such notifications from us by contacting us at our 24-hour hotlines at (+632) 8845-7788, or our Domestic Toll-free: 1-800-1084-57788 or by emailing us.
We may amend this policy from time to time to ensure that this policy is consistent with any developments to the way Maya Bank uses your personal data or any changes to the laws and regulations applicable to Maya Bank. We will make available the updated policy on our website
http://www.mayabank.ph/privacy
.
Click here to submit a
Privacy Right Request
Generic filters
Sub-policy 1
https://www.maya.ph/privacyrightsportal:
We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. Continuing to use this site means you agree to our use of cookies.
Tell me more
GOT IT!