বাংলা
Privacy Policy
In order for the website to provide a safe and useful service, it is important for Bikroy to collect, use, and share personal information.
Collection
Information posted on Bikroy is publicly available. If you choose to provide us with personal information, you are consenting to the transfer and storage of that information on our servers. We collect and store the following personal information:
Email address, contact information, and (depending on the service used) sometimes financial information.
Computer sign-on data, statistics on page views, traffic to and from Bikroy and response to advertisements.
Other information, including users' IP address and standard web log information.
Use
We use users' personal information to:
Provide our services
Resolve disputes, collect fees, and troubleshoot problems
Encourage safe trading and enforce our policies
Customize users experience, measure interest in our services
Improve our services and inform users about services and updates
Communicate marketing and promotional offers to you according to your preferences
Do other things for users as described when we collect the information
Cookie policy
What are cookies?
Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information that are downloaded to your computer or mobile device when you visit a site and allow a site to recognize your device. Websites use cookies to improve your browsing experience, for example, to keep you signed in, remember your site preferences, and serve you relevant content.
Cookies and personal data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to collect and personalise content and ads, to provide social media features, to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional material and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services.
You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email we send or by contacting us. All data stored in your browser can be cleared by clearing your browser cache. Personal data stored with Bikroy can be erased by contacting our support team, see below for contact details.
Types of cookies we use:
Session cookies: required to operate our service.
Preference cookies: used to remember your preferences and various settings.
Security cookies: required for security purposes.
We may use the following third-party service providers to monitor and analyze the use of our service. Each of the service providers links to their privacy policy that talks about how they use your data.
AppNexus
Facebook
Google
Open X
PubMatic
PubNub
Sendgrid
WebEngage
Controlling cookies from your browser
You can choose to be notified when a cookie is being sent or decline them altogether in your browser. However, please note that if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our service and some features may break.
Disclosure
We don't sell or rent users' personal information to third parties for their marketclose personal infing purposes without users' explicit consent. We may disormation to respond to legal requirements, enforce our policies, respond to claims that a posting or other content violates other's rights, or protect anyone's rights, property, or safety.
Bikroy will share your phone number and/or email address with the Sellers to whom you have contacted or shown interest through our platform, to make sure you get the best possible offers on products that you have shown an active interest in. You hereby give consent to such sharing of phone number and/or e-mail ID.
Communication and email tools
You agree to receive marketing communications about consumer goods and services on behalf of our third party advertising partners unless you tell us that you prefer not to receive such communications. If you don't wish to receive marketing communications from us, simply indicate your preference by following directions provided with the communication. You may not use our site or communication tools to harvest addresses, send spam or otherwise breach our Terms of Use or Privacy Policy. We may automatically scan and manually filter email messages sent via our communication tools for malicious activity or prohibited content. If you use our tools to send content to a friend, we don't permanently store your friends' addresses or use or disclose them for marketing purposes. To report spam from other users, please contact customer support.
Security
We use lots of tools (encryption, passwords, physical security) to protect your personal information against unauthorized access and disclosure.
All personal electronic details will be kept private by the Service except for those that you wish to disclose.
It is unacceptable to disclose the contact information of others through the Service.
If you violate the laws of your country of residence and/or the terms of use of the Service you forfeit your privacy rights over your personal information.
Unsubscribe information
If at any time you wish to have your information reviewed or removed from our active databases, please contact us at support@bikroy.com. Additionally, you will be able to unsubscribe anytime by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of all our email communications.
This website makes use of Display Advertising, and uses Remarketing technology with Google Analytics to advertise online. Third-party vendors, including Google, may show our ads on various websites across the Internet, using first-party cookies and third-party cookies together to inform, optimize, and serve ads based on past visits to our website.
Visitors can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize Google Display Network ads using the Ads Preferences Manager.
Want to get in touch quickly?
Every day from 10:00 AM to 8:00 PM
Call us
09609 555444
Email us
support@bikroy.com
Back to top