Privacy & Cookie Policy
Introduction
3CX ensures it manages your personal data in line with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and as such we are committed to fair information practices and we respect the privacy and security of our users. Our goal is to provide you with a personalized Internet experience that delivers the information, resources, and services that are most relevant and helpful to you. In order to achieve this goal, we sometimes collect information during your visit to understand what differentiates you from each of our millions of other users, and we may also ask you for personal information that enables us to give you access to some parts of our web site. We will not disclose your information to any person outside our organisation except as described in this Privacy Policy.
To demonstrate our commitment to your privacy, we have prepared this statement disclosing our privacy practices. This statement describes what personal identifying information is collected, how and when we might use your information, how we protect your information, who has access to your information, and how you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collected By Us
We collect certain information from and about our visitors in three ways: from our web server logs, by means of cookies, and directly from you.
Web Server Logs
When you visit our 3CX sites, we may track information to administer the site and analyze its usage. Examples of information we may track include your internet protocol address, what kind of browser or computer you use, the number of links you click within the site, the state or country from which you accessed the site, the date and time of your visit, the name of your internet services provider, the last page you viewed before visiting our site, and the pages you viewed on the site.
Cookies
If your browser allows it, our web sites use cookies, which are small text files which your computer creates or modifies on instruction of the page opened in your browser. These are used to save your preferences and login information. Enabling these cookies is not strictly necessary for the website to work but it will provide you with a better browsing experience. You can delete or block these cookies, but if you do that some features of this site may not work as intended. We use the following cookies:
Site functionality cookies – these cookies allow you to navigate the site and use our features.
Site analytics cookies – these cookies allow us to measure and analyse how our customers use the site, to improve its functionality and the user experience.
Targeting or advertising cookies – these cookies are used to deliver ads relevant to our users.
Information From You
Visitors can register to obtain access to some parts of our web site (i.e. support pages). When you register, we will ask you for some personal information. Some of the information requested will be required for registration, and some may be optional. Also, we may ask you to disclose personal information to enable us to provide assistance and information to you. In many cases we believe it is in our legitimate interests to use your data to facilitate contact (for example to provide product updates to existing customers or to deliver support services), however, when required, we will ask for your consent to use your personal information for the intended purpose. We will not use it for any other purposes without your explicit consent. If you would like your data to be deleted at any point in time please contact us by filling in this
contact form
.
Use of and Access to Information
Security and Confidentiality
We use technical security measures to prevent the loss, misuse and alteration of information under our control and information about our subscribers and their website usage is maintained in a secure environment. Information about our subscribers and their website usage is not shared with third parties for any marketing purposes. We do not disclose any information about any subscribers’ usage of our website except in specific cases, for example if required to do so by law, and we do not share information with any unaffiliated third parties for marketing purposes unless you expressly give us permission to do so.
Identifiable Information
We will share your personal data as required by law or by the order of any competent court or governmental authority or in matters of public safety or policy. Under strict conditions of confidentiality we may share your personal data with agents and contractors who use it on our behalf or in connection with their relationship with us. We will also share your personal data as may be needed in connection with the enforcement of agreements.
Anonymous Information
We may provide summary statistics about the interests and preferences of visitors of our web site, traffic patterns and related site information. These statistics do not include personally identifiable information.
Promotional Messages
You will not receive any promotional messages from us unless you opted to allow us to do so. If you don’t want to receive promotional materials from us, you can opt out at any time. Please use our contact page to send us a message clearly stating that you wish to opt out and stop receiving promotional messages.
3CX Phone System Cloud Applications/Integrations
3CX Phone System uses cloud web applications/services to integrate with third party providers such as Google and Microsoft.
Data accessed
Basic profile/account information is accessed in order to perform the required verifications/actions. A full list of permissions/scopes for each app is listed on their authorization screen/wizard for users to review/accept. The apps have access only to the data listed and only upon a user's approval. All apps adhere to the privacy/security requirements/guidelines of each of the providers.
Data usage
The integration apps are using access granted by a user to make the required changes to their cloud provider account for an integration to be set up for features like SSO, calendar/contact syncing. The apps request the minimum required scopes and a user can at any time revoke the access granted to the app. No user or account data is used by the app for any other reason other than to setup an integration nor it is shared with third parties.
Data storage
The integration applications are used only during the setup and do not collect or store user data accessed during the integration process.
Privacy Policy Changes
If our information practices change in a significant way, we will post and highlight the policy changes.
This privacy policy has last been updated on the 19th December 2024.