Skip to content
PRIVACY POLICY
Last Revised: September 22th, 2024
This Privacy Policy (the “Privacy Policy”) describes the privacy practices for Moblab Limited operating as Bet on Sports and its subsidiaries, representatives, affiliates, officers and directors (“Bet On Sports”, “our”, “us” or “we”). The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to inform you about the types of information we gather about you, including information gathered when you use Bet On Sports’s mobile applications, games and related services, which include, without limitation, applications for mobile devices or third party social networking services (collectively, the “Applications”, “Apps” or “App”), Bet On Sports’s social media pages or our websites (collectively, the “Sites”) or any of the services offered on the Sites (the “Services”), and information we may receive from third parties or afﬁliates, how we may use that information, whether we disclose that information to anyone, and the choices you have regarding our use of, and your ability to correct, the information. Bet On Sports strives to help visitors and users of the Applications, Sites and Services protect their privacy while using our Applications, Sites and Services. By accessing or using the Applications, the Sites and the Services, you expressly consent to the use and disclosure of information as described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please exit our Applications, the Sites and the Services and do not provide Personal Information to us.
We reserve the right to amend the provisions of this Privacy Policy at any time. We will alert you that changes have been made by indicating on the Privacy Policy the date it was last updated. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy from time to time to make sure that you understand how any personal information you provide will be used. Unless otherwise deﬁned in this Privacy Policy, terms and conditions used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Bet On Sports’s Terms and Conditions, accessible
https://www.betonsports.eu/terms-and-conditions/
website.
How We Collect and Use Information.
We may collect information in several ways by your use of the Applications, Sites and Services, as well as from forms you submit to us, or personal correspondence, such as emails or letters that you send to us. We may ask you to voluntarily provide us with personal information on Applications, Sites and Services. In addition, when you log onto or access the Applications, the Sites and the Services, our servers may log your IP address, the URL of your request and other information that is provided in the HTTP header. Also, our third-party service providers may ask you voluntarily to provide personal information on their websites and may share such personal information with us, as governed by their respective privacy policies. Our use of information received from a service provider will be dictated by the service provider’s privacy policies and not this Privacy Policy.
We collect two types of information: personally identiﬁable information and non-personally identiﬁable information. Personally identiﬁable information is information that identiﬁes you or can be used to identify or contact you (“Personally Identiﬁable Information”). We also may collect information that by itself typically cannot be used to identify or contact you, such as demographic information (e.g. age, profession or gender), IP addresses, browser types, domain names, and other anonymous statistical data involving the use of the Applications, the Sites and the Services (“Non-Personally Identiﬁable Information”). Personally Identiﬁable Information we collect may include (but are not limited to) your name, email addresses, mobile phone number, gender, age, username and password, device model, phone carrier and other information either desirable or necessary to provide quality services to our customers and visitors. We may also collect information about you relating to your use of the Applications, Sites and Services, your communication and product preferences, and information pertaining to the identiﬁcation of your mobile or other electronic device from which you access the Applications, Sites and Services.
Like many other websites Bet On Sports may use cookies to customize content speciﬁc to your interests and track your use of the Sites. “Cookies” are text ﬁles that are placed on your computer and may be used to store your personal information. In addition to cookies, Bet On Sports may use other now known or later developed technologies, to assist Bet On Sports in observing the behavior of users visiting the Sites. These technologies access individual user information but the information is used only to compile aggregated statistics about the Sites usage.
This Applications and the Sites uses a web and mobile based analytics service (and in the future may use other similar sites or services), to better assist Bet On Sports in understanding how the Applications, the Sites and the Services are used. The analytics service will place cookies or other specific identifier on your computer, the smartphone or the tablet device that will generate information that we select about your use of the Applications and the Sites, including your device IP address. That information will be transmitted to and stored by the analytics service. The information will be used for the purpose of evaluating consumer use of the Applications and the Sites, compiling reports on Applications and the Sites activity for Bet On Sports’s use, and providing other services relating to Applications, the Sites and the Services activity and usage. The analytics service may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on the analytics service’s behalf. In case of the Sites may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. Please note that by doing so, you may not be able to use the full functionality of the Sites.
Furthermore, to provide location-based services on Bet On Sports products, Bet On Sports and our partners may collect, use, and share precise location data, including the real-time geographic location of your mobile devices.
Finally, if you access our Applications, the Sites and the Services via a social networking service, you allow Bet On Sports to access certain information from your proﬁle from that social networking service. By accessing the, Applications, the Sites and the Services via a social networking service, you are authorizing Bet On Sports to collect, store, and use in accordance with this Privacy Policy any and all information received by Bet On Sports from the social networking service.
To the extent we are able to do so, we may link your Non-Personally Identiﬁable Information with your Personally Identiﬁable Information. We may also link information collected online with information we collect ofﬂine or that is collected online by third parties.
Bet On Sports may use the information collected from you to provide services which you have requested from us. We may use any and all information we gather to automate processes on our website, including but not limited to customize display advertising, provide special promotional offers and for other operational requirements.
We may also use your personal information to send you targeted messages, publications, news, and information about new products, events, special offers, promotions and beneﬁts. Bet On Sports may use third-party service providers to send and distribute e-mail and to perform other marketing and support functions. We may use information we collect from you to improve the content of the Applications, the Sites and the Services, to enhance users’ experiences when visiting or accessing the Applications, the Sites and the Services, and to customize the content and layout of the Applications, the Sites and the Services for each individual user.
Legal bases for processing (for EEA users)
If you are an individual in the EEA (European Economic Area), we collect and process information about you only where we have legal bases for doing so under applicable EU laws. The legal bases depend on the services you use and how you use them. This means we collect and use your information only where:
1- We need it to provide the Services, including to operate the Services, provide customer support and personalized features and to protect the safety and security of the Services.
2- To satisfy a legitimate interest (which is not overridden by your data protection interests) such as for research and development, to market and promote the Services and to protect our legal rights and interests.
3- You give us consent to do so for a specific purpose.
4- We need to process your data to comply with a legal obligation.
Data controller and transfer
Meritum Interactive Limited is the data controller for the personal data collected in connection with use of Bet on Sports’s services.
Meritum Interactive Limited operates, and processes personal data, globally. We may also transfer such data to countries other than the one where our users live or use Bet on Sports services. We do so in order to fulfill our agreements with users, such as our Terms of Use, or based on users’ prior consent, adequacy decisions for the relevant countries, or other transfer mechanisms as may be available under applicable law, such as the Standard Contractual Clauses.
Questions, comments, and complaints about Bet on Sports’s data practices can be submitted here. You may also use this form to submit a question to Bet on Sports’s Data Protection Officer.
Sharing of Personal Information
Except as set forth in this Privacy Policy or as speciﬁcally agreed to by you, we will not disclose any information we gather from you on the Applications, the Sites and the Services. We may share your personal information with our afﬁliates or with select third parties who offer goods or services we think may be of interest to you. From time to time, we may partner with other organizations or companies to provide co-sponsored or co-branded promotions, products, services or events and may share your personal information with our cosponsor(s) and partners. Additionally, Bet On Sports may provide your personal information to service providers or contractors to perform functions on its behalf, such as, but not limited to, companies or individuals hired to: communicate news, deliver Bet On Sports’s promotional materials via e-mail and direct mail, promote Bet On Sports’s social media presence and activities, to develop, enhance, market or provide any of Bet On Sports’s products, to process credit card payments and to assist Bet On Sports with sending communications and performing other marketing and support functions. Also, Bet On Sports may use third-party social media platforms, including third-party social media websites, to communicate with you.
We also may share with third parties aggregated demographic and statistical information that is not personally identiﬁable.
Bet On Sports also may disclose an individual’s personal information:
• to a person who in the reasonable judgment of Bet On Sports is seeking the information as an agent of the individual;” • in situations where sharing or disclosing your information is required in order to offer you products or services you desire;” • to a third party or parties, where disclosure is required or permitted by law;” • if, in the reasonable judgment of Bet On Sports, it is necessary enforce compliance with our internal policies or the Terms and Conditions or to protect our Applications, Sites, Services, customers, or others; and” • to any other entity that acquires all or a portion of our organization by merger, reorganization, operation of law, or a sale of some or all of Bet On Sports’s assets. Bet On Sports may be required to use or disclose your information in connection with a legal action or other proceeding, including without limitation, in response to a court order or a subpoena. We also may disclose such information in response to a law enforcement agency’s request.
The Services support and may encourage interaction among players of Bet On Sports games, Applications and Sites. In Bet On Sports games, Applications and Sites, your social networking service friends or contacts may see your name, proﬁle photo and information and descriptions of your game activity. In Bet On Sports games, Applications and Sites, friends and other players may be able to see your game proﬁle, which may include your name or a “game, Application or Site name” and your proﬁle photo and related information. Other players may also be able to send you game, Applications and Sites requests or even friend or contact requests through the related social networking service’s communication channels.
With your consent, we may send push notiﬁcations to your mobile device to provide game and Application updates, product information and other relevant messages. We also may send local notiﬁcations to your mobile device to provide game and Applications updates and other relevant information.
Through the Applications, Sites and Services, Bet On Sports may make available areas that allow for user interaction, including blogs, forums, bulletin board services, chat areas, or other message and communications features. Some of these forums may require registration. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information, and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
As Bet On Sports continues to grow and business develops, we might sell or buy certain subsidiaries and/or business units. In such transactions, customer information is generally one of the transferred assets, but would remain subject to the protections described in this Privacy Policy (unless you consent otherwise). Also, in the unlikely event that Bet On Sports or substantially all of its assets are acquired, customer information would in most cases be one of the transferred assets.
Notice To Children Under The Age Of 18 And Their Parents Or Legal Guardians
THE APPLICATIONS, THE SITES AND THE SERVICES ARE INTENDED FOR ADULTS. WE DO NOT KNOWINGLY OR INTENTIONALLY COLLECT PERSONAL INFORMATION FROM ANYONE UNDER THE AGE OF 18. IF YOU ARE UNDER THE AGE OF 18, PLEASE DO NOT PROVIDE ANY PERSONAL INFORMATION TO THE BET ON SPORTS. IF YOU KNOW OF ANYONE UNDER THE AGE OF 18 WHO HAS PROVIDED US WITH INFORMATION, PLEASE CONTACT US IMMEDIATELY AND WE WILL REMOVE THE INFORMATION. BY USING THIS SITE, YOU REPRESENT THAT YOU ARE AT LEAST 18 YEARS OF AGE.
Information Security
Bet On Sports is committed to protecting the security of any personal information you provide to us. We maintain commercially reasonable safeguards to maintain the security and privacy of personal information that you provide to us. After you have submitted your information online to Bet On Sports, we recommend that you end your browser session before leaving your computer. In spite of these protections, Bet On Sports cannot guarantee the security of any data submitted over the Internet. After your information reaches Bet On Sports, however, it is stored on servers (or in the case of information received from you in person, in writing or over the phone, in physical storage areas) protected by procedures and technology designed to block reasonably foreseeable intrusions by unauthorized third parties.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the Internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your information, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit to the Site. Any transmission of information, including Personal Information, is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Applications, the Sites and the Services.
If a password is used to help protect your accounts and Personal Information, it is your responsibility to keep your password confidential. Do not share this information with anyone. If you are sharing a computer with anyone, you should always log out before leaving a site or service to protect access to your information from subsequent users.
Opt-Out From Mailings
From time to time, you may receive periodic mailings, telephone calls or e-mails from Bet On Sports with news or other information on events, products, services, discounts, special promotions, upcoming events or other offers from or on behalf of Bet On Sports. If at any time you wish to stop receiving emails or mailings from Bet On Sports please follow the unsubscribe instructions set forth at the bottom of most promotional e-mail messages from Bet On Sports or contact Bet On Sports directly and we will remove you from Bet On Sports’s mailing list. We treat each Application, Site and Service individually, so if you are receiving mailings from more than one area of Bet On Sports, if you want to unsubscribe you must do so with respect to each such area individually.
Third-Party Websites and Applications
This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by Bet On Sports. This Privacy Policy does not apply to other websites or applications that are accessible through the Applications, the Sites and the Services, including but not limited to any third-party websites that process payments on behalf of Bet On Sports. Please be aware that third-party websites that process payments for Bet On Sports and websites for our advertisers, sponsors, afﬁliated entities and other third parties that are accessible through the Applications, the Sites and the Services may have their own privacy and data collection policies and practices. Bet On Sports is not responsible for the privacy practices of such websites or applications and will not be responsible for any actions or policies of such third parties. The fact that the Applications, Sites and Services links to a websites or applications or presents a banner ad or other type of advertisement does not mean that Bet On Sports endorses or authorizes that third party, nor is it a representation of any afﬁliation with that third party. If you click on a link leading to a third party websites or applications, including on an advertisement, you will leave the Bet On Sports site you are visiting or application you are running and will go to the websites or applications linked to. These third party websites and applications may place their own cookies or other ﬁles on your computer or mobile device, and may collect data or solicit personal information from you. Other websites and applications follow different rules regarding the use or disclosure of the personal information you submit to them. Because Bet On Sports cannot control the activities of third parties, it cannot accept responsibility for any use of your personal information by such third parties, and it cannot guarantee that they will adhere to the same privacy and security practices as Bet On Sports. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave the Applications, the Sites and the Services and to read the privacy statements of each and every third-party website and application that you visit or access before providing any personal information.
Display of Advertising and opt-out
From time to time we may use a third-party service provider (“Provider”), to serve advertisements on our behalf across the Internet, applications for mobile devices and sometimes on the Sites and the Applications. When a Provider displays online advertisements to you, it will place one or more “cookies,” pixel tags and/or other similar mechanisms on your computer in order to recognize your computer each time it displays an ad to you. Because the Provider serves ads on many different websites, it is able to compile information over time about where you, or others who are using your computer, saw and/or clicked on the advertisements it displays. The Provider may share that information with us. The Provider and/or Bet On Sports use this information to make predictions about your characteristics, interests or preferences and to display targeted advertisements that the Provider believes may be of interest to you. The Provider may also associate this information with your subsequent visit(s), purchase(s) or other activity on participating advertisers’ websites and applications in order to determine the effectiveness of the advertisements.
While the Provider may use some of the information it collects in order to personalize the ads it shows you, it designed its system to select ads only on the basis of data that does not personally and directly identify you. For example, it may select the ads it displays according to certain general interest categories or segments that it has inferred based on (a) demographic or interest data, including any you may have provided when creating an account on the Sites (age, zip or postal code, gender, etc.), demographic or interest data acquired from other companies, and a general geographic location derived from your IP address and (b) the pages you view and links you click when using the Provider’s and its advertising partners’ websites, applications and services. The Provider may also use nonpersonally identiﬁable information collected from you in its “data cooperative” to run targeted advertising campaigns.
You also may have a right to opt-out of personalized targeted ads, if the Provider is a member of the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”). In that event, you may opt out of targeted ads served by the Provider, or any or all NAI members, by visiting http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ site. Please note that when you opt-out using this method the Provider or the NAI (as applicable) will place an opt-out cookie on your computer. If you delete, block, or otherwise restrict cookies, you may need to renew your opt-out choice. Once you have opted out, the Provider will no longer use information it has collected to help deliver targeted advertisements.
Your Privacy Rights
Access and update to your information
Where we process personal information obtained via our Website or Apps or via our Services for our own account management, billing or marketing purposes, we provide individuals with the opportunity to access, review, modify, and delete any related personal information that we process as required by the applicable law of your country and state/province of residence.
Your Privacy Rights as an EEA Person
In addition, if you are from the EEA, you may have broader rights to obtain access and delete your personal data, to object to or restrict processing of your personal data, or request portability of your personal information.
To make such requests, you can send an email to contact@betonsports.eu – We will consider and handle all requests in accordance with relevant, applicable laws.
If we have collected and processed your personal data with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor processing we conduct during the 75 days it can take for your request to be processed, nor will it affect processing of your personal data conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
You also have the right to complain to your local data protection authority at any time. In general, when processing personal data to provide our Services, we do so only on behalf of our EEA Clients and in accordance with their instructions.
Your Privacy Rights as a California Resident
Starting January 1, 2020, if you are a California resident, you may have certain rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA). You need not be physically present in the state of California to exercise these rights, provided that you have a current California residence.
Rights to Access and Data Portability:
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about the collection and use of your personal information over the preceding twelve (12) months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will disclose to you:
(1) information identifying each third-party company to whom we may have disclosed, within the past year, personal information pertaining to you for our direct marketing purposes;
(2) a description of the categories of personal information disclosed with third parties;
(3) our business or commercial purposes for collecting or selling that personal information;
(4) the specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (also known as a data portability request);
(5) if we sold or disclosed your personal information for a business or commercial purpose, two separate lists disclosing (a) sales, identifying the categories that each category of recipient purchased; (b) disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the categories that each category of recipient obtained.
Right to Request Deletion:
You have the right to request that we delete any of the personal information we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions.
We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service providers to:
Complete transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide the service you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise reasonably perform our contract with you or on behalf of you for our Clients;
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 et. seq.);
Comply with a legal or regulatory obligation;
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such acts;
Debug products and software to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality;
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on our dealings and your relationship with us;
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information which are compatible with the context that you provided said information.
If you are a California resident who qualifies to receive such an accounting or would like to exercise a deletion or data portability request, please email contact@betonsports.eu and we will contact you within 10 days of such request and will be required to verify your identity.
Please note that, in order to better safeguard your privacy and the privacy of others, we may (to the extent permitted — and/or required — by applicable law/regulation) ask you to provide additional information to verify your identity and/or residency before processing any data-related requests. We strive to respond to a verifiable consumer request within forty-five (45) days of its receipt. If we require additional time, we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request’s receipt. The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. For data portability requests and for CCPA compliance, we will select a format to provide your personal information that is readily usable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance, specifically by electronic mail communication.
There is no charge for making privacy-related requests or responding to your verifiable consumer requests unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded.  If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will inform you of our decision and why, and provide you with a cost estimate for you to consent to before completing your request.
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Please email contact@betonsports.eu to submit a request as a California resident under CCPA. Please use the following words in the subject line: CCPA request.
International Transfer
If you are located outside the Americas region and are accessing the Applications, the Sites and the Services or providing personal information to Bet On Sports, or submitting such information through the Applications, the Sites and the Services, please note that your personal information will be transferred, processed, and stored in individual countries in the Americas region that may and may (but are not limited to) be shared in individual countries in the Americas region as the European Union, all in accordance with this Privacy Policy. The data protection laws in the Malta may be different from, and may not be as comprehensive as, those in your country. By using the Applications, the Sites and the Services, you are consenting to the transfer of your personal information to facilities located in the Americas region and the European Union and the collection, use, storing and sharing of your personal information in accordance with Maltese laws.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the Terms and Condition, please contact Bet On Sports via email at
contact@betonsports.eu
.
PLEASE DO NOT SEND ANY SENSITIVE INFORMATION TO US VIA UNENCRYPTED EMAIL. Also, please note that we will need to verify and authenticate any emailed requests for access or changes to your personal or account information.
Copyright © 2024 Moblab Limited operating as Bet on Sports. All Rights Reserved. Bet On Sports is not affiliated in any way with professional sports leagues, professional sports teams, athletics organizations, non-profit athletic organizations, sports federations or the sports governing bodies. Product names, logos, brands or other trademarks displayed or referred to within Bet On Sports are the property of their respective owners and do not represent any affiliation, sponsorship or otherwise with Bet On Sports.
We use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. We do this to improve browsing experience and to show (non-) personalized ads. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.
The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.
The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.
The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.
The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.
Manage options
Manage services
Manage {vendor_count} vendors
Read more about these purposes
Accept
Decline
View preferences
Save preferences
View preferences
{title}
{title}
{title}
Manage consent