FIVE BITS INC. PRIVACY POLICY
1. Acceptance:
1.1 This Privacy Policy governs the collection, storage and use of the data received through Five Bits Inc. games, hereinafter referred to as the “Games”, which is owned and operated by Five Bits Inc., hereinafter referred to as the “Five Bits”, “We”, “Us”, and “Our”. The terms “You” and “Your” has been used to represent a user of the Games. Unless the context otherwise requires, the terms “herein”, “hereof”, “hereto”, “hereunder” and words of similar import refer to this Agreement as a whole and the pronounces shall include both male and female. By using our Games or the Services, you agree to be bound by the latest version of this Privacy Policy, updated from time to time. You are requested to keep visiting this Privacy Policy page at regular intervals to keep yourself aware of its provisions and the changes made to it (if any) at any later date. We may send a communication to you whenever our Privacy Policy is updated.
1.2 If you are using our Games, you will be sharing some information with us. All this information is collected through our Games that you may download either directly or indirectly (through ads or hyperlinks which may redirect you to the Games). Please note that all direct or indirect users of our Games shall be bound to the terms of this Privacy Policy, and shall expressly consent to the collection, storage and use of their personal and non-personal information as the case may be. This Privacy Policy also covers the information shared by you in physical form.
1.3 If you are using our Games, you agree that you have read, understood and irrevocably agreed to the terms and conditions contained in this Privacy Policy, and you have given your consent to the use of your personal and the non-personal information. Should you disagree to any of the terms contained herein or become unhappy with any of the subsequent changes, amendments or updates, you may please discontinue using our Games. Five Bits reserves the right to update this Privacy Policy as and when needed. Substantial changes to the Privacy Policy shall be communicated to you by sending an email to the email address provided by you at the time of registration.
1.4 We recommend you to read this privacy policy carefully before using our Games or any of our services. You agree that your continued use of the Games and the services shall signify your acceptance of the changes made to this privacy policy.
2. Eligibility:
By using our Games, you represent that you eligible to accept the terms of this Privacy Policy. Further, you represent that you are not below 13.
3. Types of Data Collected Us:
​
3.1 Personal information:
3.1.1 We may automatically collect some information such as your device name and unique identifier, browser type, and operating system details etcetera. Further, you can sign in to your account using your social media profiles such as Facebook or Google+. We need this access to help you in login to your account using Facebook or other social media accounts. This way you will be able to use your social media ID and password to sign in to your account with us. This access also allows you to share our Games with your family and friends by inviting them to download the app using your unique referral link.
3.1.2 With specific reference to payment details, please note that we do not store your bank details or debit/credit card information. The payments are processed using third party payment gateways, or directly through the Apple App Store and Google Play Store, which may store some of the information such as transaction ID.
3.2 Non-Personal Information:
We collect some non-personal information from you which we generally use to do the backend calculations for app development and traffic management. The non-personal information cannot be used to identify you as an individual. Error logs, analytics report, crash reports, activity reports are some of the examples of the non-personal information that we collect from our users. Any information collected from you, excluding the information which can be used to identify you as a living individual, is your non-personal information. These are mainly logs and reports that do not identify you individually. Our partner companies may also collect the non-personal information from you and share them with us.
4. Use of the Information collected pursuant to this Privacy Policy:
​
4.1 Your personal and non-personal information is used to do some back-end tasks, developing updates, managing our user sessions, remembering preferences, developing the solution to the issues encountered by our users, and do an analysis of the logs to form an opinion about the possible updates etc. We may use thirds party tools or analytics software to automatically collect and use certain non-personal data that does not directly enable us to identify you. Your personal and non-personal information is used to manage ads, share the commission or referral charges with the third parties.  Your reviews and experience shared on the forums can be used to market our services. Your personal and non-personal information can be used to do market research. We may send you some questionnaires or surveys to seek your opinion on the Products and services. We may use the market research reports in developing and improving our Games and the Services.
4.2 In addition to the foregoing, we can use your information, inter alia, in report generation, analytics, decision making, preparing questionnaires and surveys, internal management and administrative work, improving content, offering discounts, processing cancellation requests, processing refunds, identifying your interests, managing tasks, setting up timelines, autosuggestions, search result generation, lead generation, granting special offers, and promotions etcetera.
4.3 Our Games may need the access to your account and identity, social media apps and photo gallery. We need the access to your:
4.3.1 Account and Social Media ID: To identify you and your device. This way our server recognizes your device to allow it an easy access.
4.3.2 Photo Gallery (accepted through the device): to store photos taken within the Games.
5. Disclosure of your information:
​
5.1 In the case of in-app purchases, the third party service providers such as the payment gateways shall know your information. Payment gateways need to know the transaction ID and card details to process the payment, refunds or chargeback. We may hire independent customer service providers or technical services providers. The customer service providers may contact you in connection with any technical issue you might be experiencing. We may also share certain non-personal information with the third party websites or ad agencies from where you were redirected to our Games. Please note that we may avail the services of ad agencies for promotions to serve ads on our behalf.
5.2 Your information may be shared with the staff of Five Bits in course of the business. The auditors may need to know your information at the time of auditing. The accountants may need to know your information at the time of entering a transaction or finalizing the accounts. Similarly, a lawyer shall have the access to your information in cases of a dispute with Five Bits.
5.3 Please note that we do not sell or trade upon the personal information of our users. In certain circumstance, we may need to disclose your personal information in response to a writ or subpoena. We may also disclose your personal information to the government, court, police, or other law enforcement agencies if it is required by them in connection with detection of a fraud or criminal activities. The disclosure of your personal information shall be done in good faith that the information requested under this section is reasonably required by the requesting party.
6. Transfer of the entity:
​
You agree and understand that the information that you share with us may get transferred to other third parties as a result of corporate merger, consolidation, restructuring or sale of the undertaking, either in part or in whole. However, this Privacy Policy shall remain applicable and continue to protect your information.
7. Data Retention:
​
7.1 We retain the information provided by you for as long as you are registered with us. We shall retain the information for the time necessary to carry out our Services unless a longer period is required. We may also retain your personal information for a longer period of time in the case of disputes of any nature whatsoever until their resolution. The Vendors may retain your information for the purpose of settlement of their accounts and identify the sales made during a specific period of time.
7.2 Once you cancel your registration with us and/or delete your account, your personal information shall be deleted from our server. However, certain information such as the reviews and ratings, and the some of the non-personal information may still be retained by us. You understand and agree that complete removal of your reviews, ratings or forum postings may not be feasible for us.
8. Analytics:
​
Five Bits uses third party analytics services to understand and manage the traffic on the Games. As part of our strategic planning to improve its efficiency and user satisfaction. Analytics functions are mainly based on the non-personal information and are basically of analytical nature. However, if so needed, we shall also use your personal information for analytical studies. The analytics forms part of our business analysis, operations, business intelligence, product development, optimization, and marketing.
9. Advertising:
​​
​
9.1 With specific reference to third-party advertising, we use third-party service providers to serve ads on our behalf across the internet and sometimes on our Games. These third parties may include our associate or partner companies and third-party ad network service providers. They may collect anonymous information about your visits to the Games. No personally identifiable information is collected or used in this process. Such third parties do not know your name, phone number, address, email address, or any personally identifying information. These third-party apps or websites can also install cookies on your storage or device at the time you click on the advertisement you are interested in. Please note that we do not have control over these third-party cookies.
9.2 The third party ad serving agencies collect the non-personal information from your visit and interaction with the Games to target ads. These third parties may collect device ID, MAC address, hardware type, operating system information, browser information, unique identifiers in browser cookies etcetera. We may also participate in the system where non-personal information collected with the help of cookies is shared with third parties to target ads. These third parties may categorize the information on the basis of various factors.
10. Third Party Terms:
​
We have the links to third party websites and Games. You agree that you shall read and understand the privacy policy of such third party websites before accessing and using their services. We shall not be held liable if you fail to read or act negligently while accessing such third party websites.
11. How Do We Protect Your Personal Information?
​
Our Privacy Policy has been written in compliance with the privacy laws and directives. We make a reasonable effort in improving the protection of the information in our possession. We have implemented standard security features to keep the information protected at all point in time. However, you must understand that there is no data protection method which is 100% secure.
12. You Can Access and Update Your Information:
​
You have the right to update your personal information you have shared with us. In order to edit your personal information, you will be required to send us an email to our support account.
13. Opt-Out:
​
You can opt out of certain communications that you receive from Five Bits. These communications contain an opt-out link. Please note that you may continue to receive the prescheduled communication during the opt-out request processing period. Further, please note that you cannot opt out of the communications that are made in connection with your activities on the Games such as password change. You may opt out of our Services by canceling your registration or by deleting your account as well. Further, you may also write to us at the support email address.
14. Contact and Dispute Resolution:
​
For any query related to our Privacy Policy or any complaint in connection with your personal information, please contact us at
support@fivebits.gs
.