Owner and Data Controller
Bloop SRL - Via Berlinguer 26 - 53100 - Siena Italy
Owner contact email:
contact@airmailapp.com
Types of Data collected
Among the types of Personal Data that this Application collects, by itself or through third parties, there are:
      email address; Cookies; Usage Data.
Complete details on each type of Personal Data collected are provided in the dedicated sections of this privacy policy or by specific explanation texts displayed prior to the Data collection.
Personal Data may be freely provided by the User, or, in case of Usage Data, collected automatically when using this Application.
Unless specified otherwise, all Data requested by this Application is mandatory and failure to provide this Data may make it impossible for this Application to provide its services. In cases where this Application specifically states that some Data is not mandatory, Users are free not to communicate this Data without consequences to the availability or the functioning of the Service.
Users who are uncertain about which Personal Data is mandatory are welcome to contact the Owner.
Any use of Cookies – or of other tracking tools — by this Application or by the owners of third-party services used by this Application serves the purpose of providing the Service required by the User, in addition to any other purposes described in the present document.
Users are responsible for any third-party Personal Data obtained, published or shared through this Application.
Mode and place of processing the Data
Methods of processing
The Owner takes appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized access, disclosure, modification, or unauthorized destruction of the Data.
The Data processing is carried out using computers and/or IT enabled tools, following organizational procedures and modes strictly related to the purposes indicated. In addition to the Owner, in some cases, the Data may be accessible to certain types of persons in charge, involved with the operation of this Application (administration, sales, marketing, legal, system administration) or external parties (such as third-party technical service providers, mail carriers, hosting providers, IT companies, communications agencies) appointed, if necessary, as Data Processors by the Owner. The updated list of these parties may be requested from the Owner at any time.
Place
The Data is processed at the Owner's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located.
Depending on the User's location, data transfers may involve transferring the User's Data to a country other than their own. To find out more about the place of processing of such transferred Data, Users can check the section containing details about the processing of Personal Data.
Retention time
Unless specified otherwise in this document, Personal Data shall be processed and stored for as long as required by the purpose they have been collected for and may be retained for longer due to applicable legal obligation or based on the Users’ consent.
The purposes of processing
The Data concerning the User is collected to allow the Owner to provide its Service, comply with its legal obligations, respond to enforcement requests, protect its rights and interests (or those of its Users or third parties), detect any malicious or fraudulent activity, as well as the following:
        Managing contacts and sending messages, Hosting and backend infrastructure, Registration and authentication and Analytics.
For specific information about the Personal Data used for each purpose, the User may refer to the section “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data”.
Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data
Personal Data is collected for the following purposes and using the following services:
Analytics
The services contained in this section enable the Owner to monitor and analyze web traffic and can be used to keep track of User behavior.
HockeyApp (Bit Stadium GmbH)
HockeyApp is an analytics service provided by Bit Stadium GmbH.
Personal Data processed: Cookies; Usage Data.
Place of processing:  Germany –
Privacy Policy
.
Hosting and backend infrastructure
This type of services has the purpose of hosting data and files that enable this Application to run and be distributed as well as to provide a ready-made infrastructure to run specific features or parts of this Application.
Some of these services work through geographically distributed servers, making it difficult to determine the actual location where the Personal Data are stored.
Google App Engine (Google)
Google App Engine is a hosting service provided by Google LLC or by Google Ireland Limited, depending on how the Owner manages the Data processing.
Personal Data processed: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing:  US –
Privacy Policy
.
Google Cloud Storage (Google)
Google Cloud Storage is a hosting service provided by Google LLC or by Google Ireland Limited, depending on how the Owner manages the Data processing.
Personal Data processed: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing:  US –
Privacy Policy
.
Managing contacts and sending messages
This type of services makes it possible to manage a database of email contacts, phone contacts or any other contact information to communicate with the User.
These services may also collect data concerning the date and time when the message was viewed by the User, as well as when the User interacted with it, such as by clicking on links included in the message.
Mailchimp (The Rocket Science Group, LLC.)
Mailchimp is an email address management and message sending service provided by Intuit Inc.
Personal Data processed: email address.
Place of processing:  US –
Privacy Policy
.
Registration and authentication
By registering or authenticating, Users allow this Application to identify them and give them access to dedicated services.
Depending on what is described below, third parties may provide registration and authentication services. In this case, this Application will be able to access some Data, stored by these third party services, for registration or identification purposes.
Google OAuth (Google Inc.)
Google OAuth is a registration and authentication service provided by Google Inc. and is connected to the Google network.
Personal Data processed: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing:  US –
Privacy Policy
.
Further information about the processing of Personal Data
Collected Data
We are not in the business of collecting users’ data and selling it.
Airmail is a local email client for Apple iOS devices. We process most of our users’ data locally on your device using the maximum grade of data storage protection available for Apple devices.
That means we do not have access to any of your data unless you enable a specific feature of the app, such as Realtime Mailbox Monitoring, Synched Snooze, or Send Later.
What types of data does Airmail collect?
Data transmission and collection depend on your settings and are required for us to provide the service.
If “Real-Time Mailbox Monitoring” is enabled for Gmail or Outlook, Office365, IMAP, and Exchange accounts, we store credentials solely to send push notifications.
We process incoming messages, deliver push notifications, and update the badge count.
If the user usr the "Send Later Functionality” for Gmail or Outlook, Office365, IMAP, and Exchange accounts, we store credentials solely to send the message at specified time after send the message the credentials will be removed.
If the user use the "Snooze functionality” for Gmail or Outlook, Office365, IMAP, and Exchange accounts, we store credentials solely to send the message back to the inbox and the credentials will be removed.
We do not store the content of your messages, email subjects, recipients, or attachments on our servers.
For Gmail, G Suite, Outlook, Office 365, Yahoo and OAuth Providers, we store the user’s email addresses and account tokens for a maximum of seven days after the last user app activity.
For iCloud, we store the user’s email address and app-specific password for a maximum of seven days after the last user app activity.
For other IMAP and Exchange Services, we store the user’s email address and tokens or passwords for a maximum of seven days after the last user app activity.
Please note that all saved data is encrypted so the email address cannot be identified, even in a potential data breach.
If you enable “Real-Time Mailbox Monitoring” notifications for VIP contacts only, the list of VIP email addresses is sent to our server and stored securely to allow message filtering.
Snoozed messages are synced by email + message-id for easy reference.
The transmitted data is encrypted end to end and transmitted to our servers using a secure HTTPS connection that is hosted by Google Cloud Platform.
Upon user consent, adding a new account and accepting terms and policies will add your email to our mailing list for communications and promotions.
Here is our data removal policy:
- If the user disables or removes the email account in Airmail settings, all data for that account will be removed from our servers.
- If the user disables “Real-Time Mailbox Monitoring” for an email account, all data for that account will be removed.
- If the user does not use the app for more than seven days, all data will be removed for that account.
- When the user removes the app from the device, all data will be removed after 7 days.
- If the user use the data removal functionality from the app, all data will be removed.
Manual data removal page: https://airmailapp.com/dataremoval
Permission requests for contacts, calendar, and directory access is meant for the app itself and not us.
External audit
To assess the quality of our security practices, we successfully went through the security audit required by Google as part of its OAuth API verification.
The Google security assessment is mandatory for any service that connects to Gmail/G Suite accounts and stores data on its servers or in the cloud. It is an extensive process established by Google to ensure providers such as Airmail can guarantee a high level of security and privacy when processing and storing user-provided data. You can read more about this security assessment on Google’s FAQ here: https://support.google.com/cloud/answer/9110914?hl=en.
Anonymous GUIDs are sent to RevenueCat to share Pro subscriptions between Mac and iOS.
Does Airmail share my data with anyone?
Airmail does not share your personal information with any third parties. However, we may disclose information if we determine that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to comply with the law. And we do not use or store cookies.
Revisions to our Privacy Policy
From time to time, we may update Airmail’s Privacy Policy without notice. A current version of the policy will always be posted on our website.
If you discover a bug concerning data handling, security or privacy issue please contact us at contact@airmailapp.com
The identity and contact details for the organization, its representative, and its Data Protection Officer:
Leonardo Chiantini
Data Removal Tools
----------------------------------------
https://airmailapp.com/dataremoval
----------------------------------------
Please contact us at contact@airmailapp.com with the emails you want to be removed or with any other questions.
Further Information for Users
Legal basis of processing
The Owner may process Personal Data relating to Users if one of the following applies:
Users have given their consent for one or more specific purposes.
provision of Data is necessary for the performance of an agreement with the User and/or for any pre-contractual obligations thereof;
processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which the Owner is subject;
processing is related to a task that is carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the Owner;
processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner or by a third party.
In any case, the Owner will gladly help to clarify the specific legal basis that applies to the processing, and in particular whether the provision of Personal Data is a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract.
Further information about retention time
Unless specified otherwise in this document, Personal Data shall be processed and stored for as long as required by the purpose they have been collected for and may be retained for longer due to applicable legal obligation or based on the Users’ consent.
Therefore:
Personal Data collected for purposes related to the performance of a contract between the Owner and the User shall be retained until such contract has been fully performed.
Personal Data collected for the purposes of the Owner’s legitimate interests shall be retained as long as needed to fulfill such purposes. Users may find specific information regarding the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner within the relevant sections of  this document or by contacting the Owner.
The Owner may be allowed to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever the User has given consent to such processing, as long as such consent is not withdrawn. Furthermore, the Owner may be obliged to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever required to fulfil a legal obligation or upon order of an authority.
Once the retention period expires, Personal Data shall be deleted. Therefore, the right of access, the right to erasure, the right to rectification and the right to data portability cannot be enforced after expiration of the retention period.
The rights of Users based on the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
Users may exercise certain rights regarding their Data processed by the Owner.
In particular, Users have the right to do the following, to the extent permitted by law:
Withdraw their consent at any time.
Users have the right to withdraw consent where they have previously given their consent to the processing of their Personal Data.
Object to processing of their Data.
Users have the right to object to the processing of their Data if the processing is carried out on a legal basis other than consent.
Access their Data.
Users have the right to learn if Data is being processed by the Owner, obtain disclosure regarding certain aspects of the processing and obtain a copy of the Data undergoing processing.
Verify and seek rectification.
Users have the right to verify the accuracy of their Data and ask for it to be updated or corrected.
Restrict the processing of their Data.
Users have the right to restrict the processing of their Data. In this case, the Owner will not process their Data for any purpose other than storing it.
Have their Personal Data deleted or otherwise removed.
Users have the right to obtain the erasure of their Data from the Owner.
Receive their Data and have it transferred to another controller.
Users have the right to receive their Data in a structured, commonly used and machine readable format and, if technically feasible, to have it transmitted to another controller without any hindrance.
Lodge a complaint.
Users have the right to bring a claim before their competent data protection authority.
Users are also entitled to learn about the legal basis for Data transfers abroad including to any international organization governed by public international law or set up by two or more countries, such as the UN, and about the security measures taken by the Owner to safeguard their Data.
Details about the right to object to processing
Where Personal Data is processed for a public interest, in the exercise of an official authority vested in the Owner or for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner, Users may object to such processing by providing a ground related to their particular situation to justify the objection.
Users must know that, however, should their Personal Data be processed for direct marketing purposes, they can object to that processing at any time, free of charge and without providing any justification. Where the User objects to processing for direct marketing purposes, the Personal Data will no longer be processed for such purposes. To learn whether the Owner is processing Personal Data for direct marketing purposes, Users may refer to the relevant sections of this document.
How to exercise these rights
Any requests to exercise User rights can be directed to the Owner through  the contact details provided in this document. Such requests are free of charge and will be answered by the Owner as early as possible and always within one month, providing Users with the information required by law. Any rectification or erasure of Personal Data or restriction of processing will be communicated by the Owner to each recipient, if any, to whom the Personal Data has been disclosed unless this proves impossible or involves disproportionate effort. At the Users’ request, the Owner will inform them about those recipients.
Additional information about Data collection and processing
Legal action
The User's Personal Data may be used for legal purposes by the Owner in Court or in the stages leading to possible legal action arising from improper use of this Application or the related Services.
The User declares to be aware that the Owner may be required to reveal personal data upon request of public authorities.
Additional information about User's Personal Data
In addition to the information contained in this privacy policy, this Application may provide the User with additional and contextual information concerning particular Services or the collection and processing of Personal Data upon request.
System logs and maintenance
For operation and maintenance purposes, this Application and any third-party services may collect files that record interaction with this Application (System logs) or use other Personal Data (such as the IP Address) for this purpose.
Information not contained in this policy
More details concerning the collection or processing of Personal Data may be requested from the Owner at any time. Please see the contact information at the beginning of this document.
Changes to this privacy policy
The Owner reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time by notifying its Users on this page and possibly within this Application and/or - as far as technically and legally feasible - sending a notice to Users via any contact information available to the Owner. It is strongly recommended to check this page often, referring to the date of the last modification listed at the bottom.
Should the changes affect processing activities performed on the basis of the User’s consent, the Owner shall collect new consent from the User, where required.
Definitions and legal references
Personal Data (or Data)
Any information that directly, indirectly, or in connection with other information — including a personal identification number — allows for the identification or identifiability of a natural person.
Usage Data
Information collected automatically through this Application (or third-party services employed in this Application), which can include: the IP addresses or domain names of the computers utilized by the Users who use this Application, the URI addresses (Uniform Resource Identifier), the time of the request, the method utilized to submit the request to the server, the size of the file received in response, the numerical code indicating the status of the server's answer (successful outcome, error, etc.), the country of origin, the features of the browser and the operating system utilized by the User, the various time details per visit (e.g., the time spent on each page within the Application) and the details about the path followed within the Application with special reference to the sequence of pages visited, and other parameters about the device operating system and/or the User's IT environment.
User
The individual using this Application who, unless otherwise specified, coincides with the Data Subject.
Data Subject
The natural person to whom the Personal Data refers.
Data Processor (or Processor)
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes Personal Data on behalf of the Controller, as described in this privacy policy.
Data Controller (or Owner)
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of Personal Data, including the security measures concerning the operation and use of this Application. The Data Controller, unless otherwise specified, is the Owner of this Application.
This Application
The means by which the Personal Data of the User is collected and processed.
Service
The service provided by this Application as described in the relative terms (if available) and on this site/application.
European Union (or EU)
Unless otherwise specified, all references made within this document to the European Union include all current member states to the European Union and the European Economic Area.
Cookie
Cookies are Trackers consisting of small sets of data stored in the User's browser.
Tracker
Tracker indicates any technology - e.g Cookies, unique identifiers, web beacons, embedded scripts, e-tags and fingerprinting - that enables the tracking of Users, for example by accessing or storing information on the User’s device.
Legal information
This privacy policy relates solely to this Application, if not stated otherwise within this document.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://hockeyapp.net/privacy/:
404 Web Site not found.
You may be seeing this error due to one of the reasons listed below :
Custom domain has not been configured inside Azure. See
how to map an existing domain
to resolve this.
Client cache is still pointing the domain to old IP address. Clear the cache by running the command
ipconfig/flushdns.
Checkout
App Service Domain FAQ
for more questions.
Sub-policy 1
https://www.google.com/intl/policies/privacy/:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 2
https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/:
Privacy & Security
Your Privacy
Your Privacy
Protect Your Privacy
Do Not Call Policy
Privacy Statements
Privacy Statements
For Consumers
For Consumers
English
Français
Français (Canada)
Español
For Applicants & Employees
For Applicants & Employees
English
Français
Español
For Contingent Workers
For Contingent Workers
English
Français
Español
Intuit Financial Services
Intuit Financial Services
English
Security Center
Security Center
Our Security Practices
Account Security Checklist
Online Safety Tips
Security Notices
Responsible Disclosure
Responsible AI
FAQ
hide
Contact Us
Privacy & Security
Your Privacy
Protect Your Privacy
Do Not Call Policy
Privacy Statements
For Consumers
English
Français
Français (Canada)
Español
For Applicants & Employees
English
Français
Español
For Contingent Workers
English
Français
Español
Intuit Financial Services
English
Security Center
Our Security Practices
Account Security Checklist
Online Safety Tips
Security Notices
Responsible Disclosure
Responsible AI
FAQ
hide
Contact Us
GLOBAL PRIVACY STATEMENTS
You deserve transparency into our data use
Select your preferred language
English
Français
Français (Canada)
Español
Intuit Global Privacy Statement
Last Updated: September 8, 2024
See previous Privacy Statements
Expand All
Collapse All
Scope of this Privacy Statement and our role
Intuit responsibly leverages technology to power prosperity around the world. We believe that everyone has a right to privacy. As a financial services and technology company, we’re providing this Global Privacy Statement (
“Privacy Statement”
) to explain how we, Intuit Inc. and the
Intuit group companies
(collectively
“Intuit,” “we,” “us,” or “our”
), collect, use, share, or otherwise process information that we collect through our services. These services include, as applicable, our websites, mobile applications, social media pages, marketing activities, and other activities described in this Privacy Statement, or when other businesses provide us your personal information (collectively, the
“Services”
). This Privacy Statement is global, meaning it applies to all Intuit Services. We may provide additional or supplemental privacy statements for certain products or services.
This Privacy Statement describes our privacy practices when we process:
Personal information for the purposes of preparing a tax return or in connection with the preparation of a tax return (collectively, “
Tax Preparation Information
”) as part of providing TurboTax tax preparation services;
Personal information for the purposes of providing the benefits of our websites and the Intuit platform, which includes all of Intuit’s services, sites, experiences and software (including through our mobile applications and desktop applications) other than Tax Preparation Information (the “
Intuit Platform
”); and
Personal information as necessary to manage, run, improve, and develop our business and personalize your experience while interacting with the Intuit Platform. Depending on your settings, this may include showing you personalized ads or recommending certain Intuit products based on your interests.
Intuit determines the purposes and means of the processing of your personal information as described in this Privacy Statement, and therefore acts as a ‘data controller’ (or equivalent/similar terms under applicable data privacy laws) of such information. We may share your personal information within the
Intuit group companies
and conduct processing activities as controllers or joint controllers for the purposes set out in this Privacy Statement.
In certain circumstances, there may be more than one data controller processing your personal information. For example, your employer or a financial partner may also act as a data controller. In these situations, we act as an independent data controller over our processing activities. This means we determine how your personal information will be processed independently from the other data controllers. The other data controllers have their own obligations under applicable data privacy laws. Intuit is not responsible for other data controllers’ processing activities, and you should contact them directly for questions about how they process your personal information and about how to exercise your privacy rights in relation to such processing.
This Privacy Statement does not apply to certain processing activities where we are not the controller. For example, where Intuit processes personal information as a processor or service provider on behalf of our customers, including when we process personal information on behalf of customers of our professional tax software products. When we act as a processor or service provider, the privacy statement of the customer who uses our Services applies, instead of this Privacy Statement, and our processing of such personal information is governed by our agreements with such customers. If you have concerns about personal information that we process on behalf of a customer, or wish to exercise your privacy rights regarding such personal information, please contact the customer directly.
This Privacy Statement also does not apply to Intuit Financial Services or Intuit’s processing of education records subject to state or federal laws or children’s data in our education curriculum products. You may find the privacy statement for Intuit Financial Services
here
, and the privacy statement for Intuit for Education
here
.
If you have any questions about how Intuit processes your personal information, please see How to contact us below.
The Intuit platform
The Intuit Platform and your personal information
When we say “platform,” we mean that when you choose to share data with us, or bring over information from third parties (like a bank or loan provider), Intuit uses that data together, not just within the individual offering(s) you’re using. This means that, for example, we may use your bookkeeping details from QuickBooks, contact and purchase history details from Mailchimp, and/or recommendations from Credit Karma. The personal information we use in this centralized way may relate to you as an end user of our Services or as a customer or vendor of an Intuit customer whose personal information has been included in the Intuit Platform.
Business account information
Some experiences and services within the Intuit Platform allow you to interact with a business (such as your employer). If you are granted access to a business account (for example, in QuickBooks), the business owner or a designated administrator may control and administer details of your account, for example, by deciding your access rights; making decisions about your personal information (such as details about your payroll); or requiring you to take certain actions (for example, use location tracking to clock in for a shift). If the owner or designated administrator changes your access rights, then you may lose access to the information the business controls.
Your use of the Intuit Platform as part of a business account may be subject to the business’s policies, which may differ from this Privacy Statement. We are not responsible for the privacy or security practices of other businesses, and you should consider both the business’s policies and whether you are comfortable giving the business access to your personal information before connecting to their services.
Personal information we collect
The personal information that we collect or otherwise receive about you depends on the context of your interactions with Intuit, how you configure your account, and the choices you make, including your privacy settings. The way we process your personal information may also depend on the particular Services, functionalities, or experiences you use, your location, and applicable law.
Information you provide to us
You may provide us with your information as follows:
Contact data and account profile data.
We collect information when you (or your organization) create an account, activate a subscription, and/or upload information to the Intuit Platform. Personal information may include your name, previous name(s) and/or nicknames, title and honorifics, professional title and company name, education, billing and mailing addresses, phone number and email address, profile photo, billing information (your payment information), purchase history, demographic information, preferences, subscription data, and your username and account credentials.
Identity verification information.
We collect information to verify your identity, including your name, date of birth, social security number, social insurance number, driver’s license number, passport number, government-issued identification details, and similar information to verify your identity and to help you file your tax return.
Communications, feedback and survey data, and related data.
We may collect personal information such as your name, email address, telephone number and any other personal information you choose to share when you reach out to us for support, give us feedback, participate in optional surveys, attend our events, participate in product research or training, or otherwise interact or communicate with us. This information may include: call center recordings and call monitoring records, chat and text records, voicemails, photographs, and video images.
Marketing data.
You may provide us with your contact information and preferences for receiving marketing communications.
Social and community content.
We receive content you post on our social media pages and our community pages.
Business and financial information.
We may receive information about your business, your finances, expenses, invoices, financial statements, details of your financial transactions, payroll details, payment details, tax return details, details about your customers, vendors, or employees, income and wage information, and/or investment information.
Interactions with experts.
The Intuit Platform provides many opportunities for you to connect with live experts, including, for example, accountants or tax preparers. When you interact with these experts, we may receive information about the questions you ask, the details of your accounts, and the guidance provided to you.
Interactions with chatbots.
We may receive information from you through your use of chatbots, digital assistants, or other interactive bots across the Intuit Platform.
Device and contact data.
If you grant permission in your device settings, certain features may have access to your device and contacts.
Business connection data.
We may collect information about you when you interact with the Intuit Platform through our customers. If you are a customer, vendor or prospect of an Intuit customer and interact with the Intuit Platform (for example, to pay an invoice, make a purchase, interact with an email, provide contact details or complete a survey), we will use this information to make recommendations about you to our customers. Our customers may also provide business connection data directly about you to us; this is described below under ‘Other users’.
Third-party sources
The Intuit Platform is designed to help you connect with other people and businesses. As a result of those connections, others may be able to input personal information about you, including other customers using the Intuit Platform. For example, an Intuit customer may share personal information about you with us in order to use and benefit from the Intuit Platform. You also may be able to input or process personal information about others, for example, if you are an account administrator of one of our products or use Intuit to manage customer lists. If you input information about others into the Platform, you must only do so if you have first provided sufficient notice and received any required permissions, and have an appropriate legal basis if required by applicable law.
We may also receive personal information about you from other third parties where you have provided consent or where permitted by applicable law. We protect and process the personal information obtained from those third parties as described in this Privacy Statement, consistent with any additional restrictions imposed by the source of the information. Our third-party sources may vary over time and depend upon how you use the Intuit Platform. For example, we receive information from:
Linked third-party services.
If you choose to sync a non-Intuit account/service with your Intuit account, we will receive information from that account/service according to your settings with that account/service. This may include details of your bank account information, social media information, purchase history or your business’s sales records through a point of sale application.
Supplemental information and identity verification providers.
We work with certain third parties to help us verify your identity, the specifics of your business, and/or supplement the personal information you have provided and ensure the accuracy of your personal information. For example, we use third-party providers to validate your contact information (e.g., name, mailing address, email address, phone number) or to provide additional details about your business. These providers may include, for example, your financial institution, telecommunications provider, or email provider.
Customer support providers.
We receive personal information about you or your interaction with the Intuit Platform from certain third parties for troubleshooting purposes. For example, we may obtain information about your interaction(s) with customer support and information about technical issues you have raised, including call center recordings, call monitoring records, voicemails, photographs and chat records.
Credit bureaus and related third parties.
Many Intuit features rely on information we receive from credit bureaus and related third parties. For example, in some countries, we may offer free credit reports and credit scores. We request these reports and credit scores on your behalf from credit bureau partners, like TransUnion, Experian and Equifax. These partners may also provide personal information such as employment or income data, social security number, vehicle or driver information, or information about special offers available based on your credit profile so we can make more personalized recommendations for you.
Other users.
As described above, we may receive personal information about you from other Intuit Platform users, such as your accountant, bookkeeper, tax preparer, spouse, employer, or other business customers using the Intuit Platform (e.g., businesses from which you buy products or services, or with which you otherwise interact). We may also collect such personal information through features like member referral programs.
Risk management, cybersecurity & anti-fraud providers.
We may receive personal information from third parties that help us assess risks associated with our offerings, including to help combat fraud and illegal activity and to help protect your personal information.
Data providers.
We may receive information from information services and data licensors that provide demographic and preference information to us.
Content providers.
We may receive personal information from companies that make user-generated content from their service available to others, such as local business reviews or public social media posts.
Joint offering partners.
We may offer co-branded services or experiences or engage in joint-marketing activities with others, including through our conferences or live events.
Government agencies.
We receive information from government agencies, including from various tax agencies, such as your tax filing confirmation from the IRS.
Public information.
We collect individual and household demographic information and preference information from publicly available sources, such as open government databases, social media platforms, and others.
Automatic data collection
We, our service providers, and our business partners may automatically log personal information about you, your computer or mobile device, and your interaction over time with the Services, such as:
Device information.
We may collect information about your device(s) such as IP addresses, log information, error messages, device type, and unique device identifiers. For example, we may collect IP addresses from you as part of our sign in and security features.
Usage information.
We may collect information about your use of the Intuit Platform, such as the pages you viewed, the services and features you used or interacted with, your browser type, and details about any links or communications with which you interacted.
Location information.
Certain features in the Intuit Platform may collect your precise location information, device motion information, or both, if you or your organization grant(s) us permission to do so through your device settings (for example, if you use QuickBooks’ time-tracking service, participate in Karma Drive, or use CK Money to locate nearby ATMs).
Information stored locally.
Some of our web-enabled desktop services and offerings synchronize with the information on your computer. In doing so, we may collect information such as device information, product usage, and error reports. We may also store personal information locally on your device.
Communication interaction data.
We or our third-party service providers may collect information from email providers, communication providers and social networks, such as your interactions with our email, text or other communications (e.g., whether you open and/or forward emails) – we may do this through use of pixel tags (which are also known as clear GIFs), which may be embedded invisibly in our emails.
Online behavioral data
. We may automatically collect certain personal information about your use and interactions with our websites, customers’ websites or e-commerce stores, social media websites, and marketing campaigns that we or our customers organize, including device information (such as your IP address and unique device IDs), page view information and search results, links, and if you are a customer contact, whether or not a campaign presented or sent to you using our offerings has been viewed, delivered, opened, clicked on, whether it has bounced or was treated as spam.
Cookies and similar technologies
Intuit and our service providers may use commonly used tools such as cookies, web beacons, pixels, local shared objects and similar technologies (collectively “cookies”) to collect information about you (“
Cookie Information
”) so we can provide the experiences you request, recognize your visit, track your interactions, and improve your and other customers’ experiences. For example, we may use session-replay technologies,
such as those provided by FullStory and Medallia, that employ software code to record users’ interactions with the Services in a manner that allows us to watch video replays of those user sessions. The replays include users’ clicks, mobile app touches, mouse movements, scrolls and keystrokes/key touches during those sessions. These replays help us diagnose usability problems and identify areas for improvement. You can learn more about FullStory at
https://www.fullstory.com/legal/privacy-policy
and you can opt-out of session recording by FullStory at
https://www.fullstory.com/optout/
. You can learn more about Medallia at
https://www.medallia.com/privacy-policy/
.
You have control over some of the information we collect from Cookies and how we use it. Please see Your Personal Information Rights and Choices section for more information. For full details on how we use cookies and similar technologies please see our
Intuit Cookie Policy
. For full details on how we use cookies and similar technologies when you use or interact with our Mailchimp offerings, please also see our
Mailchimp Cookie Statement.
Biometric Information
Certain parts of the Intuit Platform make use of biometric personal information (“
Biometric Information
“). We will not collect your Biometric Information without first providing notice and obtaining your consent. For more details about how we use Biometric Information, please see our
Biometric Notice
.
How we use personal information
We may use your personal information in a number of ways or as otherwise described at the time of collection:
Service delivery and operations. We may use your personal information to:
Provide you with the Intuit Platform, create your account and manage our relationship with you
Run and manage our business, including resolving billing and financial disputes
Evaluate your eligibility for marketing offers, products and services
Provide features to you, such as your free credit reports and scores
Provide a product or service that you have requested through the Intuit Platform
Connect you with experts and other users
Communicate with you, such as sending you electronic notifications concerning your financial privacy
Understand your needs and interests, and personalize your experience with the Services and our communications.
Provide you with support and resolve disputes
Authenticate your identity
Manage event registrations and attendance, including sending related communications to you
Register visitors to our offices for security reasons and manage non-disclosure agreements that visitors may be required to sign
Research and development. We may use your personal information to:
Improve and develop our products and services by analyzing how they are used and interacted with, by training our artificial intelligence models and other machine learning models, as well as by assessing the use of and interactions with our Platform and certain content our customers send or display through the Platform, including by conducting data analytics to develop insights about you, your needs, and your preferences, so we can make more informed predictions, recommendations, and products for our customers.
Please note any data obtained through Google Workspace APIs is not used to develop, improve, or train any generalized AI and/or ML models. Any data originating from the Google Workspace API is instead ingested only by Intuit’s and our third-party providers’ artificial intelligence tools to deliver services on the customer’s behalf and to ensure safety, not for model retraining.
Combine and anonymize information about your interactions with Intuit to create aggregate, anonymized statistics for use in research (including by contracting with academic institutions) and for marketing, promoting, improving, and developing our platform.
Marketing and advertising. We, our service providers and our third-party advertising partners may collect and use your personal information for marketing and advertising purposes to:
Market services, products and experiences, including to deliver gifts and promotional materials, product recommendations and other non-transactional communications via email, post, telephone, SMS or push notifications, in accordance with your marketing preferences.
Personalize your experience and tailor recommendations, advertising, and offers presented to you, including through the development of insights about you and your needs based on your interactions with the Intuit Platform’s products, services, and offerings. These advertisements may be displayed to you on Intuit’s digital properties, including our websites and mobile apps, media platforms, connected devices, or other third-party platforms and channels.
Whistleblower Reporting.
When you report any concern of non-compliance, unethical conduct, or other alleged violation of our
Code of Conduct and Ethics
, personal information you provide will be processed as a part of the investigation of the allegations and retained in accordance with our internal policies until the investigation is complete. While we make every effort to maintain confidentiality, depending on the investigation, disclosing your identity to other individuals may be necessary.
Compliance and protection. We may use your personal information to:
Protect against misuse or abuse of our Services and ensure compliance with our Terms of Service, including in relation to content our customers send or display through the Platform
Comply with legal and regulatory requirements
Protect the rights, property, safety or security of the Intuit Platform, our customers, employees or others and prevent fraudulent or illegal activity
Exercise our rights in the course of judicial, administrative, or arbitration proceedings
Enforce, remedy, or apply our Terms of Service or other agreements
With your consent.
In some cases, we may specifically ask for your consent to use your personal information, such as when required by law.
We may process your personal information for other purposes that are compatible with the above purposes where permitted by applicable law.
Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Automated processing
When you use or interact with features on the Intuit Platform like chatbots, digital assistants, or other digital conversational experiences powered by artificial intelligence, we may process your personal information using automated and manual (human) methods. For example, when we use automated processing on your personal information to provide a more personalized and enhanced experience in the Intuit Platform, you may see instantly tailored recommendations and insights to manage your cash flow and grow your business. Or when we analyze personal information and transactions we have collected or received about you, we can provide you with personalized advice, predictions, recommendations and experiences, including showing your largest tax deductions, sharing how to get your largest tax refund, and providing personalized recommendations for credit products. Certain laws may provide you with the right to object to the automated processing of your personal information. Please review these rights in the “Region and state-specific terms” section below.
How we share your personal information
When you interact with our services.
We may share your personal information in the following circumstances:
For certain product features
. We may use third party API services, such as YouTube and Twilio, for certain product features. If you choose to use those features, you acknowledge and agree that you are also bound by the third party’s privacy policy. You may manage your YouTube API data by visiting Google’s security settings page
here
. You may make choices about your Twilio API data by visiting Twilio’s privacy notice
here
.
When you connect with an Intuit Platform partner.
You may be provided with offers, products, and services from third-party companies who integrate with our Intuit Platform. If you choose to interact with a platform partner, apply for their services or offerings, or otherwise link or sync your account to a platform partner’s product or service, you consent and direct us to share your personal information to the platform partner providing the service or offering. For example, when we send your personal information to partners in order to generate offers for you to review, when we send your application information directly to our partners, or when we send you to the partner’s site for you to provide the information directly to them.
In some cases, if you click through to go to a platform partner’s site, you will automatically be sending your personal information to that platform partner. When this happens, you will still have to submit your application on the platform partner’s site. Remember that any information you provide to a platform partner, whether through us or on your own, will be subject to their privacy practices and terms and conditions.
When you connect to your social media account.
Some of our features enable you to connect to a social media account or share information on social media platforms, like Facebook and Twitter. Any information you choose to share on social media may potentially be visible to a global audience and will be subject to the social media provider’s privacy policies (not this Privacy Statement). You should take care only to share information on social media that you are comfortable sharing.
For joint features, sales, promotions and events.
With your consent we may share your personal information with third parties who are jointly providing features, sales initiatives, promotions or events with us.
When you publicly post the information.
We may provide opportunities for you to publicly post reviews, questions, comments, suggestions, or other content that may include personal information, such as your name or username. Anything you share in a public forum is public, and you should think carefully before you decide to share.
With your wireless carrier.
When you use your wireless device in connection with the Intuit Platform, you authorize your wireless carrier to use or disclose information about your account and your wireless device, if available, to Intuit or its service provider for the duration of your business relationship, solely to help them identify you or your wireless device and to prevent fraud.
When you participate in the short code program
. Personal information collected through the short code program (i.e., when you sign up for SMS texts), will not be shared, sold, or rented to affiliated or unaffiliated third parties for their own marketing purposes.
Other circumstances.
We also share your personal information with third parties in the following circumstances.
For research.
With appropriate controls, we may share information with third parties, such as academic institutions, government and non-profit organizations, for research purposes or to publish academic or policy-related materials. We only share information in a way that does not identify any individual.
With financial services providers.
In connection with our financial products, we may share personal information with collection agencies, credit bureaus and loan services providers, and payment card association members. We may also share your personal information with other companies, lawyers, credit bureaus, agents, government agencies, and card associations in connection with issues related to fraud, credit, defaults, or debt collection.
With service providers or agents.
We share personal information with our service providers or agents who provide services on our behalf for the purposes described in this Privacy Statement. Service providers or agents are required to implement reasonable privacy and information protection controls to maintain the privacy and security of information provided to them consistent with the privacy practices outlined in this Privacy Statement. Service providers or agents may include companies that assist us with our advertising, marketing, and sales efforts, help us with our technology offerings (such as a hosting, security or anti-fraud providers) and help us run our business. Service providers or agents also include AI providers, including generative AI providers.
For mergers and acquisitions.
If we are involved with a merger, asset sale, financing, liquidation, bankruptcy, or the acquisition of all or part of our business to another company, we may share your personal information with that company and its advisors before and after the transaction date.
With our affiliates and subsidiaries and your right to limit information sharing.
We may share your personal information with our affiliates and subsidiaries for everyday business purposes as described in this Statement, including for marketing purposes, for improving and developing our offerings, and for personalizing your experience on our Platform. Certain laws may provide you with the right to limit our information sharing activities in certain circumstances. Please review these rights in the “Region and state-specific terms” section below.
For advertising and analytics.
Intuit may use advertising networks and other providers to display advertising on our Intuit Platform or on other sites. Intuit may share personal information with advertising networks and other providers to tailor advertising and offers presented to you based on your interactions with the Intuit Platform’s products, services, and offerings. Our advertising partners may place cookies on unaffiliated websites in order to serve advertisements that may be relevant to you based on your browsing activities and interests and determine the effectiveness of such advertisements. See also the “Region and state-specific terms” section below for additional information.
Intuit (excluding Credit Karma) responds to the Global Privacy Control signal for US residents, as described further in the United States section below. However, we do not respond to “Do Not Track” signals because there is no formal “Do Not Track” standard.
For legal reasons.
We may share your personal information with third parties for legal reasons without your consent, and as permitted by law, including:
When we reasonably believe disclosure is required in order to comply with a subpoena, court order, or other applicable law, regulation or legal process;
To protect the rights, property, or safety of Intuit, TurboTax, the Intuit Platform, our customers or others;
To protect or defend against attacks;
To enforce, remedy, or apply our Terms of Service or other agreements;
To prevent fraud, cybersecurity attacks or illegal activity;
For debt collection; and
With regulatory agencies, including government tax agencies, as necessary to help detect and combat fraud and/or protect our customers, users and/or the Intuit Platform, or in required institutional risk control programs.
Your personal information rights and choices
Your choices
At Intuit, we believe that you have choices about information that pertains to you or your business.
We provide all customers, including those in the EU, UK (and Gibraltar), and Switzerland, with options to manage the privacy of their personal information.
Update your privacy settings.
You may update your privacy settings by visiting your account settings.
Correct your personal information.
You can edit and correct certain personal information at any time by changing it directly in our products and services.
Access your personal information.
You may download a copy of the personal information we have about you by visiting your account, the
Intuit Privacy Center
, or by calling us toll-free at 1 (877) 261-6470. If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma, visit the
Credit Karma Help Center
(for US members), the
Credit Karma UK Help Centre
(for Credit Karma UK members), or the
Credit Karma Canada Help Centre
(for Credit Karma Canada members). If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp, visit the
Mailchimp Privacy Rights Request Page
.
Delete your personal information.
You may ask us to delete your personal information by visiting your account settings or the
Intuit Privacy Center
or calling us toll-free at 1 (877) 261-6470. If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma, visit the
Credit Karma Help Center
(for US members), the
Credit Karma UK Help Centre
(for Credit Karma UK members), or the
Credit Karma Canada Help Centre
(for Credit Karma Canada members). If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp, please visit the
Mailchimp Privacy Rights Request Page
.
Cookies and other tracking technologies.
You may be able to opt-out of interest based advertising by visiting the
NAI Opt-Out Page
or the
Choices Opt-Out Page
(or the
Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada Opt-Out Page
, if you are based in Canada) or by visiting the
Intuit Privacy Center
. If you reside in California, Connecticut, Colorado, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah or Virginia, please refer to the relevant sections below under Region and state-specific terms for more information about opting out of tracking for targeted advertising purposes,or opting-out of sales and/or sharing.
Manage marketing communications from us.
To update your marketing communication preferences, you can go to the marketing preference tools in your account settings or you may use the links below. You may also unsubscribe using the link found at the bottom of all marketing and promotional emails. If you receive marketing text messages from us through Intuit’s SMS shortcode program, you may opt out of receiving further marketing text messages from us by replying STOP to the message.
For more information, please visit:
Intuit
communications preferences
Credit Karma US
and
Credit Karma UK
communications preferences
Mailchimp
communications preferences
Your Rights
Depending on where you live, you may also have certain state- or country-specific rights with respect to your personal information. Please see the Region and state-specific terms section for your country, below.
Verification
To help protect privacy and the security of your personal information, you may be asked to provide additional information to verify your identity and/or ownership rights before we can fulfill your data rights request. If we cannot verify your identity or your ownership rights to the data, we may not be able to service your request until you provide proper documentation.
Data retention
Unless you specifically ask us to delete your personal information, we retain your personal information as long as it is necessary to comply with our data retention requirements and provide you with services and the benefits of the Intuit Platform and successfully run our business. Even if you submit a deletion request, we may be required to maintain your personal information for as long as necessary to:
comply with our legal or regulatory compliance needs (e.g., maintaining records of transactions you have made with us);
to exercise, establish or defend legal claims; and/or
to protect against fraudulent or abusive activity on our service.
This means we may keep different information for different periods. If your account is canceled because you haven’t used it for a long time, we may delete this information immediately.
There may be occasions where we are unable to fully delete, anonymize, or de-identify your personal information due to technical, legal, regulatory compliance, or other operational reasons. Where this is the case, we will take reasonable measures to securely isolate your personal information from any further processing until such time as we are able to delete, anonymize, or de-identify it.
International data transfers
Unless you have provided us with consent to transfer your personal information, US Tax Preparation Information shall be processed and stored in the United States in accordance with applicable law.
With the exception noted above, Intuit reserves the right to store and process your personal information in the United States and in any other country where Intuit or its affiliates, subsidiaries, or service providers operate facilities in accordance with and as permitted by applicable laws and regulations. Some of these countries may have data protection laws that are different from the laws of your country (and, in some cases, may not be as protective).
When we transfer, store or process personal information outside of your jurisdiction (including to or in the United States, as described above), we take appropriate safeguards to require that your personal information remain protected in accordance with this Privacy Statement and applicable law.
Some of these recipients of your personal information are located in countries for which the European Commission, the UK (and Gibraltar) Government, and the Swiss Government (as and where applicable) have issued adequacy decisions, which means that these countries are recognized as providing an adequate level of data protection under applicable UK (and Gibraltar), European, and Swiss data protection laws and the transfer is therefore permitted under Article 45 of the GDPR.
Other recipients of your personal information are located in countries outside the EEA and/or the UK that are not the subject of an adequacy decision. In these cases, we may use the Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the European Commission or, as may be applicable, the International Data Transfer Agreement approved by the UK Government, to help ensure your personal information is protected. For more information on the transfer safeguards we rely on, please contact us by using the details in the “How to contact us” section below.
Intuit (excluding Credit Karma) and Mailchimp comply with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union (EU), the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar), and Switzerland to the United States. Intuit and Mailchimp rely on the EU-U.S. DPF to transfer data and will rely on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and Swiss-U.S. DPF once approved by the appropriate authorities. We are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission. You can find more information about Intuit’s and Mailchimp’s Data Privacy Framework certification
here
.
Security of your personal information
We use reasonable physical, technical and organizational safeguards that are designed to protect your personal information. However, despite these controls, we cannot completely ensure or warrant the security of your personal information. You can find out more about how we protect your personal information
here
.
Changes to our Privacy Statements
From time to time we may change or update our Privacy Statement. We reserve the right to make changes or updates at any time. If we make material changes to the way we process your personal information, we will notify you by posting a notice in the Intuit Platform or on a community post; by sending you a notification; or by other means consistent with applicable law.
You can see when this Privacy Statement was last updated by checking the “last updated” date at the top of this Privacy Statement. Please review this Privacy Statement periodically to stay informed about how Intuit protects your privacy.
Children
Our services are not intended for or directed to children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children. If you believe we may have information from a child, please contact us.
How to contact us
If you have questions or comments about this Privacy Statement or our practices, please contact us.
You can submit Intuit privacy questions.
Submit your privacy question here
You can submit Credit Karma privacy questions.
Submit your privacy question here
You can submit Mailchimp privacy questions.
Submit your privacy question here
If you have an unresolved privacy or information use concern or complaint that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
.
Region and state-specific terms
Additional terms may apply to you based upon the country you reside in or the products you use. Please click the region or state that applies to you to learn more about additional terms and rights that may apply to you.
Expand All
Collapse All
United States
If you are a resident of the United States, you may have the following rights and choices:
US Tax Preparation Information
Except as necessary to provide you with tax preparation services or as authorized by law, we will not use or disclose your Tax Preparation Information – including to Intuit’s affiliates and subsidiaries – unless you consent.
If you agree to share your Tax Preparation Information for purposes other than tax preparation services, including by sharing it with the Intuit Platform, your Tax Preparation Information will be handled in accordance with this Privacy Statement.
Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act
Intuit is a financial institution subject to the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA).
By using, accessing, or interacting with the Intuit Platform, you are consenting to receive notices about your financial privacy electronically.
Please find our GLBA Notice
here
.
California Residents
Scope.
This section applies only to California residents. It describes how we collect, use, and share Personal Information of California residents in our capacity as a “business” under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“
CCPA
”) and your rights with respect to that Personal Information. For purposes of this section, the term “
Personal Information
” has the meaning given in the CCPA, but does not include information exempted from the scope of the CCPA. Please note that we may claim legal exemptions for certain types of personal information and certain Intuit companies from all or certain parts of the CCPA, such as information subject to the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) and other data protection laws. In some cases, we may provide a different privacy notice to certain categories of California residents, such as employees and job applicants, in which case that notice will apply instead of this section.
Personal Information that we collect, use, and disclose.
The chart
here
summarizes the Personal Information we collect by reference to the categories of Personal Information specified in the CCPA, and describes our practices currently and during the 12 months preceding the effective date of this Privacy Statement. Information you voluntarily provide to us, such as in free-form webforms, may contain other categories of personal information not described in this chart.
Your California privacy rights. As a California resident, you have the rights listed below. However, these rights are not absolute, and in certain cases we may decline your request as permitted by law.
Access.
You may request that we provide the following information about how we have collected and used your Personal Information during the past 12 months:
○              the categories of Personal Information we have collected about you,
○              the sources from which that information was collected,
○              the business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling, and/or sharing your Personal Information,
○              the categories of personal information we shared or sold about you,
○              the categories of third parties to whom we shared or sold personal information about you,
○              the categories of personal information we disclosed for a business purpose, and
○              the categories of third parties to whom we disclosed personal information about you for a business purpose.
Request a copy of your Personal Information.
You may request a copy of the Personal Information in
your Intuit account
or visit our
Intuit Privacy Center
or call us toll-free at 1 (877) 261-6470. If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma, visit the
Credit Karma Help Center
or email us at
CCPArequests@creditkarma.com
.
If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp, visit the
Mailchimp Privacy Rights Request Page
.
Correction.
You can edit and correct your personal information at any time by changing it directly in our products and services.
Deletion
. You may have the right, under certain circumstances, to request that we delete the personal information you have provided to us. You may delete your personal information in the Privacy section of
your Intuit account
or visit our
Intuit Privacy Center
or call us toll-free at 1 (877) 261-6470. If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma, visit the
Credit Karma Help Center
or email us at
CCPArequests@creditkarma.com
.
If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp,visit the
Mailchimp Privacy Rights Request Page
.
Opt-out of Sales and/or Sharing.
Like many companies, Intuit and Mailchimp use services that help deliver interest-based ads to you as described above. The California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) may classify our use of some of these services as “sharing” your Personal Information with the advertising partners that provide the services. You can opt-out of the “sharing” of your personal information by visiting the “Your California Privacy Rights” link in the footer of the Intuit website.
In addition, if you have enabled a recognized opt-out mechanism on your browser, device, or platform, you will automatically be opted out of any “sharings” when you interact with our Services. Please go here to learn more about enabling one such preference signal, the Global Privacy Control:
https://globalprivacycontrol.org/#download
. Intuit and Mailchimp do not sell personal information under the CCPA. Credit Karma does not sell or share personal information subject to the CCPA, and therefore does not offer a “Your California Privacy Rights” link on its website. We do not knowingly sell or share the personal information of individuals under 16 years of age.
Limit processing of sensitive personal information.
Some of the personal information that we may collect are considered sensitive personal information under the CCPA. We collect sensitive personal information for the purposes allowed by law or with your consent. We only use sensitive personal information as necessary for our (1) Service delivery and operations, (2) compliance and protection, (3) research and development, or (4) Service improvement and analytics purposes in accordance with CCPA. If we use sensitive personal information outside the permitted purposes of the CCPA, we will provide you with the right to limit processing of sensitive personal information.
California Shine the Light.
Customers who are California residents may request certain information concerning the categories of personal information (if any) we disclose to third parties or affiliates for their direct marketing purposes. If you would like more information, please submit a written request to us using the contact information provided below.
Non-discrimination
. You have the right to be free from discrimination or retaliation related to your exercise of any of your California privacy rights.
Verification.
In order to protect your personal information from unauthorized access or deletion, we may require you to verify your credentials before you can submit a rights request. If you do not have an account with us, or if we suspect your account has been accessed without your authorization, we may ask you to provide additional personal information for verification. For Credit Karma members, we may require that you confirm certain pieces of personal information that we have on file and/or log into your Credit Karma account. If we are subsequently unable to confirm your identity, we may refuse your rights request.
Authorized agents.
You may use an authorized agent to submit a rights request. If you do so, the authorized agent must present signed written authorization to act on your behalf, and you will also be required to independently verify your own identity directly with us and confirm with us that you provided the authorized agent permission to submit the rights request. This verification process is not necessary if your authorized agent provides documentation showing that the authorized agent has power of attorney to act on your behalf under Cal. Prob. Code §§ 4121 to 4130.
Learn more about instructions for authorized agents.
We may deny a request from an agent that does not submit adequate proof that they have been authorized by you to act on your behalf.
Transparency matters.
Learn more about the requests we process by viewing our
Privacy Rights Transparency Report
.
Colorado, Connecticut, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah, Virginia Residents
Scope.
This section applies only to the residents of Colorado, Connecticut, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah, and Virginia. It describes how we collect, use, and share Personal Data of state residents described in this subsection in our capacity as a business or controller under the corresponding state privacy laws, including Colorado Privacy Rights Act, Connecticut Data Privacy Act, Montana Consumer Data Privacy Act, Oregon Consumer Privacy Act, Texas Data Privacy and Security Act, Utah Consumer Privacy Act, and Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (collectively, “Applicable State Privacy Laws”), and your rights with respect to that Personal Data. For purposes of this section, the term “Personal Data” has the meaning given in the Applicable State Privacy Laws but does not include information or entities exempted from the scope of the Applicable State Privacy Laws, such as those subject to GLBA. Please note that we may claim legal exemptions for certain types of personal information and certain Intuit companies from all or certain parts of the Applicable State Privacy Laws.
Personal Information that we collect, use, and disclose
. The chart
here
summarizes the Personal Information we collect and describes our practices currently and during the 12 months preceding the effective date of this Privacy Statement. Information you voluntarily provide to us, such as in free-form webforms, may contain other categories of personal information not described in this chart.
Your privacy rights.
As a resident of Colorado, Connecticut, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah or Virginia, you may have the rights listed below. However, these rights are not absolute, and in certain cases we may decline your request as permitted by law.
Access
. You may request a copy of the Personal Information in
your Intuit account
or visit our
Intuit Privacy Center
or call us toll-free at 1 (877) 261-6470. If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma, visit the
Credit Karma Help Center
or email us at
CCPArequests@creditkarma.com
.
If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp,visit the
Mailchimp Privacy Rights Request Page
.
Correction
. You can edit and correct your personal information at any time by changing it directly in our products and services.
Deletion
. You may have the right, under certain circumstances, to request that we delete the personal information you have provided to us. You may delete your personal information in the Privacy section of
your Intuit account
or visit our
Intuit Privacy Center
or call us toll-free at 1 (877) 261-6470. If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma, visit the
Credit Karma Help Center
or email us at
CCPArequests@creditkarma.com
.
If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp,visit the
Mailchimp Privacy Rights Request Page
.
Opt-out of tracking for targeted advertising purposes
. You can submit requests to opt-out of tracking for targeted advertising purposes by visiting the “Manage Cookies” or “Privacy Settings” link in the footer of the Intuit website. For Mailchimp, you can submit requests to opt-out of tracking for targeted advertising purposes by visiting the “Cookie Preferences” link in the footer of the
Mailchimp website
. Intuit, Mailchimp and Credit Karma do not otherwise “sell your Personal Data to third parties for monetary consideration.
Opt-out of profiling
. You can opt-out of the automated processing of your Personal Data to evaluate, analyze, or predict personal aspects related to your economic situation, health, personal preferences, interests, reliability, behavior, location, or movements, to the extent this results in decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects.
Sensitive Personal Data
. Some of the personal information that we may collect may be considered sensitive personal information under certain state privacy laws. We will not process your sensitive personal data without your consent.
Non-discrimination
. You have the right to be free from discrimination related to your exercise of any of your privacy rights.
Appeal
. If we decline to take action on any request that you submit in connection with the rights described above, you may ask that we reconsider our response by submitting a written request to us using the contact information provided below. We will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions. If the appeal is denied, we will also provide you with an online mechanism, if available, or other method through which you may contact your state attorney general’s office to submit a complaint.
Authentication.
In order to protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access or deletion, we may require you to verify your credentials before you can submit a rights request. If you do not have an account with us, or if we suspect that your account has been accessed without your authorization, we may ask you to provide additional personal information for verification. For Credit Karma members, we may require that you confirm certain pieces of personal information that we have on file and/or log into your Credit Karma account. If we are subsequently unable to confirm your identity, we may refuse your rights request.
Transparency matters.
Learn more about the requests we process by viewing our
Privacy Rights Transparency Report
.
United States contact information:
Intuit Inc.
Attention: Privacy
2800 E Commerce Center Place
Tucson, AZ 85706
You can contact the Intuit Data Protection Officer
here.
Credit Karma LLC
Attention: Legal Department
PO Box 30963
Oakland CA 94604
legal@creditkarma.com
Mailchimp
The Rocket Science Group LLC d/b/a Mailchimp
Attn: Privacy Officer
405 North Angier Ave. NE,
Atlanta, GA 30308
You can contact the Mailchimp Data Protection Officer
here
.
Australia
If you are a resident of Australia, you may have the following rights and choices:
Update your privacy settings.
You may update your privacy settings by visiting your account settings.
Manage marketing communications from us.
To update your marketing communication preferences, you can go to the marketing preference tools in your account settings.
Access, Correction or Deletion.
You may request to access, to correct or to delete your personal information. You can edit and correct your personal information at any time by changing it directly in our products and services. To make a request for access or deletion of your personal information, contact us through the link below.
Objection and Restriction.
You may object to our processing of your personal information, including for marketing purposes, or ask us to restrict processing of your personal information. To object to data processing or request a restriction, contact us through the link below. If you request that we stop processing some or all of your personal information or you withdraw (where applicable) your consent for our use or disclosure of your personal information for purposes set out in this privacy notice, we might not be able to provide you all of the Services and customer support offered to our users and authorized under this Notice.
Australia contact information:
Visit the QuickBooks Australia website to learn how to contact their support team.
Go to QuickBooks Australia
Intuit Australia Pty. Limited
Level 34, 1 O'Connell St.
Sydney, NSW 2000 Australia
Canada
While we take steps to maintain protection of your personal information, your personal information may be disclosed in response to valid demands or requests from governments, regulators, courts and law enforcement authorities in those other jurisdictions or countries.
If you are a resident of Canada, you may have the following rights and choices:
Update your privacy settings.
You may update your privacy settings by visiting your account settings.
Manage marketing communications from us.
To update your marketing communication preferences, you can go to the marketing preference tools in your account settings. You may also click unsubscribe at the bottom of the marketing emails.
Cookies and other tracking technologies.
You may be able to opt-out of interest based advertising by visiting the
Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada Opt-Out Page
,
NAI Opt-Out Page
and the
Choices Opt-Out Page
.
Access, Correction or Deletion.
You may make a request to access, to correct or to delete your personal information (provided we no longer have a business need to retain your personal information). You may request a copy of the Personal Information or delete the personal information in
your Intuit account
. If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma, visit the
Credit Karma Help Center
. If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp,visit the
Mailchimp Privacy Rights Request Page
. You can edit and correct your personal information at any time by changing it directly in our products and services. Even if you request for your personal information to be deleted, certain aspects may be retained for us to: meet our legal or regulatory compliance (e.g. maintaining records of transactions you have made with us); exercise, establish or defend legal claims; and to protect against fraudulent or abusive activity on the Intuit Platform. Data retained for these purposes will be handled as described in “Data Retention”.
Withdraw consent.
You can withdraw your consent at any time to collection, use and disclosure of your personal information. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
File a complaint.
You have the right to file a complaint with the applicable Privacy Commissioner about our collection and processing of your personal information.
Canada contact information:
Intuit Canada
Attention: Privacy
8 Spadina Ave.
Suite 1900
Toronto, Ontario
M5V 0S8
You can contact the Intuit Data Protection Officer
here
.
Credit Karma LLC
Attention: Privacy Officer
PO Box 30963
Oakland CA 94604
legal@creditkarma.com
If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma, you can visit the
Credit Karma Help Centre
.
You can also email the Credit Karma Canada Privacy Officer by writing to
legal@creditkarma.ca
.
The Rocket Science Group LLC d/b/a Mailchimp
Attn: Privacy Officer
405 North Angier Ave. NE,
Atlanta, GA 30308 USA
If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp, you can visit the
Mailchimp Help Centre
,
or submit a question
here
.
India
Where data of Indian individuals are involved, you hereby agree that the “reasonable security practices and procedures” under section 43A Explanation (ii) of the Information Technology Act, 2000 means this Intuit’s Privacy Statement and such data security procedures that Intuit may implement from time to time and which may, in Intuit’s discretion, be informed to you from time to time.
What you can do to manage your privacy
You have choices when it comes to managing the privacy of your personal information.
Update your privacy settings.
You may update your privacy settings by visiting your account settings.
Manage marketing communications from us.
To update your marketing communication preferences, you can go to the marketing preference tools in your account settings.
Correct your personal information.
You can edit and correct your personal information at any time by changing it directly in our products and services.
India contact information
Visit the QuickBooks India website to learn how to contact their support team.
Go to QuickBooks India
Intuit Technology Services Private Limited
Campus 4A, PrITech Park (Ecospace)
7th and 8th Floor, Belandur Village
Varthur Hobli, Bangalore East Taluk
Bangalore - 560 103 India
United Kingdom (and Gibraltar)(UK), European Economic Area (EEA), and Switzerland
Personal Information
References to “personal information” in this Privacy Statement are equivalent to “personal data” governed by EU and UK data protection laws. Essentially, “personal data” is information about an individual, where that individual is either directly identified or can be identified. It does not include ‘anonymous data’ (i.e., information where the identity of an individual has been permanently removed).
Legal Basis of Processing
We use your personal information only as permitted by law. Applicable EEA, UK(and Gibraltar) and Swiss data protection law requires us to have a “legal basis” for each purpose for which we collect your personal information. Our legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this Privacy Statement will depend on the type of personal information and the specific context in which we collect it. However, we will normally process personal information from you when:
We have your consent to do so;
We have a contract with you and it is necessary to process your personal information to perform our contract with you, including to provide you with the benefits of the Intuit Platform and operate our business;
The processing is in our legitimate business interests, such as operating our businesses, improving and developing the Intuit Platform, communicating with you, marketing our offerings and services and personalizing your experience, and to detect illegal activities; and/or
To comply with legal requirements, including applicable laws and regulations.
For residents in the UK searching for financial or other products (including energy, internet, or mobile phone offers) through the Intuit Platform, we may share your personal information, including your contact details, date of birth, as well as the information you give us about your employment, income, and housing and employment expenses with third parties, including HD Decisions, Capital One, Monevo, CarFinance 247, and Decision Tech. You can find more information about their data protection practices in their privacy policies:
HD Decisions
Capital One
Monevo
CarFinance 247
Decision Tech
If you are a resident of the UK(and Gibraltar), the EEA or Switzerland you may have the following rights and choices:
Update your privacy settings.
You may update your privacy settings by visiting your account settings.
Access, Correction or Deletion.
You may request to access, to correct or to delete your personal information.
You may request a copy of your personal information in the Privacy tab of your account or by visiting our
GDPR Centre
(UK) or
GDPR Centre
(FR) or
GDPR Centre
(EU&Switzerland). If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma UK, you may request a copy of your personal information by visiting Credit Karma’s
Help Centre
. If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp, you may request a copy of your personal information by visiting
Mailchimp’s Privacy Rights Request page
.
You can edit and correct your personal information at any time by changing it directly in our products and services.
You may request for us to delete your personal information in the Privacy tab of your account or through our
GDPR Centre
(UK) or
GDPR Centre
(FR) or
GDPR Centre
(EU & Switzerland). If your inquiry is specific to Credit Karma UK, you may request for us to delete your personal information by visiting Credit Karma’s
Help Centre
. If your inquiry is specific to Mailchimp, you may request for us to delete your personal information by visiting
Mailchimp’s Privacy Rights Request page
. Please note that even if you request for your personal information to be deleted, certain aspects may be retained for us to: meet our legal or regulatory compliance (e.g. maintaining records of transactions you have made with us); exercise, establish or defend legal claims; and to protect against fraudulent or abusive activity on our Service. Data retained for these purposes will be handled as described in the section “Data Retention”.
Objection and Restriction.
You may object to our processing of your personal information or ask us to restrict processing of your personal information.
Portability.
You may request portability of your personal information.
Withdraw Consent.
If we process your personal information with your consent, you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
File a complaint.
You have the right to file a complaint with a supervisory authority about our collection and processing of your personal information. You can find your data protection regulator
here
.
Manage marketing communications from us.
To update your marketing communication preferences, you can go to the marketing preference tools in your account settings or visit our
GDPR Centre
(UK) or
GDPR Centre
(FR) or
GDPR Centre
(EU & Switzerland) or
edit your email preferences for Mailchimp using the instructions found here.
. You may also click unsubscribe at the bottom of the marketing emails.
Cookies and other tracking technologies.
You may be able to opt-out of such interest-based advertising by visiting
Network Advertising Initiative
or
Your Online Choices
or by visiting our
GDPR Centre
(UK) or
GDPR Centre
(FR) or
GDPR Centre
(EU & Switzerland). For Mailchimp, you can submit requests to opt-out of tracking for targeted advertising purposes by visiting the “Cookie Preferences” link in the footer of the
Mailchimp website
.
UK, EEA and Swiss Representative
In the EEA: Intuit Inc., Intuit Limited and Mailchimp have each appointed Intuit France SAS as its Representative in the European Union in accordance with Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (the "GDPR") (contact details can be found in the section below).
In the UK: Intuit Inc., and Mailchimp have each appointed Intuit Limited as its Representative in the UK in accordance with UK GDPR (contact details can be found in the section below)
United Kingdom, EEA and Switzerland contact information
Intuit Limited
Attention: Intuit Data Protection Administration,
Cardinal Place, 80 Victoria Street, London,
United Kingdom, SW1E 5JL
https://quickbooks.intuit.com/uk/gdpr/
Credit Karma UK Limited
4th Floor
One New Oxford Street
London WC1A 1NU
Intuit France SAS
Intuit Data Protection Administration
﻿7 Rue Meyerbeer 75009 Paris, France
https://quickbooks.intuit.com/fr/gdpr/
or
https://quickbooks.intuit.com/eu/gdpr/
If you have questions or concerns that have not been addressed by this Privacy Statement, you can contact the Intuit and Mailchimp Data Protection Officer
here
,
the Credit Karma Data Protection Officer by writing to
dpo@creditkarma.com
.
Cookies and Tracking Technologies
Intuit digital properties use cookies, pixels, tags and similar technologies to provide you the best possible experience on and off our sites. You may opt-out of the use of cookies and trackers that may share some limited personal information with our third party advertising partners using the option below. For more information on how we use Cookies and Tracking Technologies, please review our
Cookies Policy.
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with the services and features  available through our site. Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the site, you cannot refuse them without impacting how the site functions.
Advertising (Targeting) Cookies
These cookies are used to make advertising messages more relevant to you and your interests. They also perform functions like preventing the same ad from continuously reappearing, ensuring that ads are properly displayed, and in some cases selecting advertisements that are based on your interests.
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-policy 3
https://developers.google.com/accounts/docs/OAuth2:
Skip to main content
developers.google.com uses cookies from Google to deliver and enhance the quality of its services and to analyze traffic.
Learn more
.
OK, got it
Authentication
More
Authorization
More
OAuth 2.0
Android
Web
Google Account Linking
Credential management
More
Credential verification
More
Overview
Cross-client Identity
OAuth 2.
0 Scopes
OAuth 2.
0 Policies
Access to Google APIs
for Server-side Web Apps
for Java
Script Web Apps
for Mobile & Desktop Apps
for TV & Device Apps
for Service Accounts
Prepare your app for production
Comply with OAuth 2.
0 policies
Submit for brand verification
Sensitive scope verification
Restricted scope verification
Additional considerations for Google Workspace
Resources
Best practices
How to handle granular permissions
Out-of-band (OOB) Migration
Loopback IP Address Migration for Mobile and Chrome Apps
Related topics
Cross-Account Protection (RISC)
Web
Authn
Sign In with Google SDKs
Credential Manager for Android
Sign In with Google for Web (including One Tap)
Google Sign-In for iOS and macOS
Industry standards
Passkeys
OpenID Connect
Legacy Sign In
One Tap sign-up/sign-in for Android
Google Sign-In for Android
Google Sign-In for Web
Call Google APIs
Authorizing for Android
Authorizing for Web
Authorizing for iOS/macOS
Using OAuth 2.0
Share data with Google apps and devices
Google Account Linking
Android
Credential Manager
Blockstore
Digital Asset Links
Android autofill framework
Web
Autocomplete
Cross-platform
Seamless credential sharing
Android
Verify users by SMS
Phone Number Hint
Web
Verify phone numbers on the web
Home
Products
Google Identity
Authorization
OAuth 2.0
Send feedback
Using OAuth 2.
0 to Access Google APIs
bookmark_border
bookmark
Stay organized with collections
Save and categorize content based on your preferences.
On this page
Basic steps
1. Obtain OAuth 2.0 credentials from the Google API Console.
2. Obtain an access token from the Google Authorization Server.
3. Examine scopes of access granted by the user.
4. Send the access token to an API.
5. Refresh the access token, if necessary.
Scenarios
Web server applications
Installed applications
Client-side (JavaScript) applications
Applications on limited-input devices
Service accounts
Token size
Refresh token expiration
Dealing with session control policies for Google Cloud Platform (GCP) organizations
Client libraries
Note:
Use of Google's implementation of OAuth 2.0 is governed by
        the
OAuth 2.0 Policies
.
Google APIs use the
OAuth 2.0 protocol
for authentication and authorization. Google supports common OAuth
        2.0 scenarios such as those for web server, client-side, installed, and limited-input device
        applications.
To begin, obtain OAuth 2.0 client credentials from the
Google API Console
. Then your client application requests an
        access token from the Google Authorization Server, extracts a token from the response, and
        sends the token to the Google API that you want to access. For an interactive demonstration
        of using OAuth 2.0 with Google (including the option to use your own client credentials),
        experiment with the
OAuth 2.0
        Playground
.
This page gives an overview of the OAuth 2.0 authorization scenarios that Google supports,
        and provides links to more detailed content. For details about using OAuth 2.0 for
        authentication, see
OpenID Connect
.
Note:
Given the security implications of getting the implementation
        correct, we strongly encourage you to use OAuth 2.0 libraries when interacting with Google's
        OAuth 2.0 endpoints. It is a best practice to use well-debugged code provided by others, and
        it will help you protect yourself and your users. For more information, see
Client libraries
.
Basic steps
All applications follow a basic pattern when accessing a Google API using OAuth 2.0. At a
        high level, you follow five steps:
1.
Obtain OAuth 2.
0 credentials from the Google API Console.
Visit the
Google API Console
to obtain OAuth 2.0 credentials such as a client
        ID and client secret that are known to both Google and your application. The set of values
        varies based on what type of application you are building. For example, a JavaScript
        application does not require a secret, but a web server application does.
You must create an OAuth client appropriate for the platform on which your app will run,
        for example:
For
server-side
or
JavaScript web apps
use
            the "web" client type. Do not use this client type for any other application, such as
            native or mobile apps.
For
Android apps
, use the
            "Android" client type.
For
iOS and macOS apps
, use
            the "iOS" client type.
For
Universal Windows Platform
            apps
, use the "Universal Windows Platform" client type.
For
limited
            input devices
, such as TV or embedded devices, use the "TVs and Limited Input
            devices" client type.
For
server-to-server
              interactions
, use service accounts.
2.
Obtain an access token from the Google Authorization Server.
Before your application can access private data using a Google API, it must obtain an
        access token that grants access to that API. A single access token can grant varying degrees
        of access to multiple APIs. A variable parameter called
scope
controls the set
        of resources and operations that an access token permits. During the access-token request,
        your application sends one or more values in the
scope
parameter.
There are several ways to make this request, and they vary based on the type of application
        you are building. For example, a JavaScript application might request an access token using
        a browser redirect to Google, while an application installed on a device that has no browser
        uses web service requests.
Some requests require an authentication step where the user logs in with their Google
        account. After logging in, the user is asked whether they are willing to grant one or more
        permissions that your application is requesting. This process is called
user consent
.
If the user grants at least one permission, the Google Authorization Server sends your
        application an access token (or an authorization code that your application can use to
        obtain an access token) and a list of scopes of access granted by that token. If the user
        does not grant the permission, the server returns an error.
It is generally a best practice to request scopes incrementally, at the time access is required,
  rather than up front. For example, an app that wants to support saving an event to a calendar
  should not request Google Calendar access until the user presses the "Add to Calendar" button; see
Incremental authorization
.
3.
Examine scopes of access granted by the user.
Compare the scopes included in the access token response to the scopes required to access
        features and functionality of your application dependent upon access to a related Google
        API. Disable any features of your app unable to function without access to the related
        API.
The scope included in your request may not match the scope included in your response, even
        if the user granted all requested scopes. Refer to the documentation for each Google API for
        the scopes required for access. An API may map multiple scope string values to a single
        scope of access, returning the same scope string for all values allowed in the request.
        Example: the Google People API may return a scope of
https://www.googleapis.com/auth/contacts
when an app requested a user authorize
        a scope of
https://www.google.com/m8/feeds/
; the Google People API method
people.updateContact
requires a granted scope of
https://www.googleapis.com/auth/contacts
.
4. Send the access token to an API.
After an application obtains an access token, it sends the token to a Google API in an
HTTP Authorization request header
.
        It is possible to send tokens as URI query-string parameters, but we don't recommend it,
        because URI parameters can end up in log files that are not completely secure. Also, it is
        good REST practice to avoid creating unnecessary URI parameter names.
Access tokens are valid only for the set of operations and resources described in the
scope
of the token request. For example, if an access token is issued for the
        Google Calendar API, it does not grant access to the Google Contacts API. You can, however,
        send that access token to the Google Calendar API multiple times for similar operations.
5. Refresh the access token, if necessary.
Access tokens have limited lifetimes. If your application needs access to a Google API
        beyond the lifetime of a single access token, it can obtain a refresh token. A refresh
        token allows your application to obtain new access tokens.
Note:
Save refresh tokens in secure long-term storage and
        continue to use them as long as they remain valid. Limits apply to the number of refresh
        tokens that are issued per client-user combination, and per user across all clients, and
        these limits are different. If your application requests enough refresh tokens to go over
        one of the limits, older refresh tokens stop working.
Scenarios
Web server applications
The Google OAuth 2.0 endpoint supports web server applications that use languages and
        frameworks such as PHP, Java, Go, Python, Ruby, and ASP.NET.
The authorization sequence begins when your application redirects a browser to a Google
        URL; the URL includes query parameters that indicate the type of access being requested.
        Google handles the user authentication, session selection, and user consent. The result is
        an authorization code, which the application can exchange for an access token and a refresh
        token.
The application should store the refresh token for future use and use the access token to
        access a Google API. Once the access token expires, the application uses the refresh token
        to obtain a new one.
For details, see
Using OAuth 2.0 for Web
        Server Applications
.
Installed applications
The Google OAuth 2.0 endpoint supports applications that are installed on devices such as
        computers, mobile devices, and tablets. When you create a client ID through the
Google API Console
,
        specify that this is an Installed application, then select Android, Chrome app, iOS,
        Universal Windows Platform (UWP), or Desktop app as the application type.
The process results in a client ID and, in some cases, a client secret, which you embed in
        the source code of your application. (In this context, the client secret is obviously not
        treated as a secret.)
The authorization sequence begins when your application redirects a browser to a Google
        URL; the URL includes query parameters that indicate the type of access being requested.
        Google handles the user authentication, session selection, and user consent. The result is
        an authorization code, which the application can exchange for an access token and a refresh
        token.
The application should store the refresh token for future use and use the access token to
        access a Google API. Once the access token expires, the application uses the refresh token
        to obtain a new one.
For details, see
Using OAuth 2.0 for Installed Applications
.
Client-side (JavaScript) applications
The Google OAuth 2.0 endpoint supports JavaScript applications that run in a browser.
The authorization sequence begins when your application redirects a browser to a Google
        URL; the URL includes query parameters that indicate the type of access being requested.
        Google handles the user authentication, session selection, and user consent.
The result is an access token, which the client should validate before including it in a
        Google API request. When the token expires, the application repeats the process.
For details, see
Using
        OAuth 2.0 for Client-side Applications
.
Applications on limited-input devices
The Google OAuth 2.0 endpoint supports applications that run on limited-input devices such
        as game consoles, video cameras, and printers.
The authorization sequence begins with the application making a web service request to a
        Google URL for an authorization code. The response contains several parameters, including a
        URL and a code that the application shows to the user.
The user obtains the URL and code from the device, then switches to a separate device or
        computer with richer input capabilities. The user launches a browser, navigates to the
        specified URL, logs in, and enters the code.
Meanwhile, the application polls a Google URL at a specified interval. After the user
        approves access, the response from the Google server contains an access token and refresh
        token. The application should store the refresh token for future use and use the access
        token to access a Google API. Once the access token expires, the application uses the
        refresh token to obtain a new one.
For details, see
Using OAuth 2.0
        for Devices
.
Service accounts
Google APIs such as the Prediction API and Google Cloud Storage can act on behalf of your
        application without accessing user information. In these situations your application needs
        to prove its own identity to the API, but no user consent is necessary. Similarly, in
        enterprise scenarios, your application can request delegated access to some resources.
For these types of server-to-server interactions you need a
service account
, which
        is an account that belongs to your application instead of to an individual end-user. Your
        application calls Google APIs on behalf of the service account, and user consent is not
        required. (In non-service-account scenarios, your application calls Google APIs on behalf of
        end-users, and user consent is sometimes required.)
Note:
These service-account scenarios require applications to
        create and cryptographically sign JSON Web Tokens (JWTs). We strongly encourage you to use a
        library to perform these tasks. If you write this code without using a library that
        abstracts token creation and signing, you might make errors that would have a severe impact
        on the security of your application. For a list of libraries that support this scenario, see
        the
service-account
        documentation
.
A service account's credentials, which you obtain from the
        Google API Console, include a generated email address that is unique,
        a client ID, and at least one public/private key pair. You use the client ID and one private
        key to create a signed JWT and construct an access-token request in the appropriate format.
        Your application then sends the token request to the Google OAuth 2.0 Authorization Server,
        which returns an access token. The application uses the token to access a Google API. When
        the token expires, the application repeats the process.
For details, see the
service-account documentation
.
Note:
Although you can use service accounts in
        applications that run from a Google Workspace domain, service accounts are not members of
        your Google Workspace account and aren’t subject to domain policies set by Google Workspace
        administrators. For example, a policy set in the Google Workspace admin console to restrict
        the ability of Google Workspace end users to share documents outside of the domain would not
        apply to service accounts.
Token size
Tokens can vary in size, up to the following limits:
Authorization codes: 256 bytes
Access tokens: 2048 bytes
Refresh tokens: 512 bytes
Access tokens returned by Google Cloud's
Security Token Service API
are structured similarly to Google API OAuth 2.0 access tokens but have different token size
        limits. For details, see the
API documentation
.
Google reserves the right to change token size within these limits, and your application
        must support variable token sizes accordingly.
Refresh token expiration
You must write your code to anticipate the possibility that a granted refresh token might
        no longer work. A refresh token might stop working for one of these reasons:
The user has
revoked your app's access
.
The refresh token has not been used for six months.
The user changed passwords and the refresh token contains Gmail scopes.
The user account has exceeded a maximum number of granted (live) refresh tokens.
If an admin
set any of the services requested in your app's scopes to Restricted
(the error
            is
admin_policy_enforced
).
For
Google Cloud Platform APIs
- the session length set by the admin
          could have been exceeded.
A Google Cloud Platform project with an OAuth consent screen configured for an external
        user type and a publishing status of "Testing" is issued a refresh token expiring in
        7 days, unless the only OAuth scopes requested are a subset of name, email address, and
        user profile (through the
userinfo.email, userinfo.profile, openid
scopes, or their
OpenID Connect equivalents
).
There is currently a limit of 100 refresh tokens per Google Account per OAuth 2.0 client ID.
        If the limit is reached, creating a new refresh token automatically invalidates the oldest
        refresh token without warning. This limit does not apply to
service accounts
.
There is also a larger limit on the total number of refresh tokens a user account or
        service account can have across all clients. Most normal users won't exceed this limit but a
        developer's account used to test an implementation might.
If you need to authorize multiple programs, machines, or devices, one workaround is to
        limit the number of clients that you authorize per Google Account to 15 or 20. If you are a
Google Workspace admin
,
        you can create additional users with administrative privileges and use them to authorize
        some of the clients.
Dealing with session control policies for Google Cloud Platform (GCP) organizations
Administrators of GCP organizations might require frequent reauthentication of users while
        they access GCP resources, using the
Google Cloud session control
          feature
. This policy impacts access to Google Cloud Console, the
Google Cloud SDK
(also known as the gcloud
        CLI), and any third party OAuth application that requires the Cloud Platform scope. If a
        user has a session control policy in place then on the expiry of the session duration, your
        API calls will error out similar to what would happen if the refresh token was revoked - the
        call will fail with an error type
invalid_grant
; the
error_subtype
field can be used to distinguish between a revoked token and a failure due to a session
        control policy (for example,
"error_subtype": "invalid_rapt"
). As session
        durations can be very limited (between 1 hour to 24 hours), this scenario must be handled
        gracefully by restarting an auth session.
Equally, you must not use, or encourage the use of, user credentials for server-to-server
        deployment. If user credentials are deployed on a server for long running jobs or operations
        and a customer applies session control policies on such users, the server application will
        fail as there will be no way to re-authenticate the user when the session duration expires.
For more information on how to help your customers deploy this feature, refer to this
admin-focussed help article.
Client libraries
The following client libraries integrate with popular frameworks, which makes implementing
        OAuth 2.0 simpler. More features will be added to the libraries over time.
Google API Client Library for Java
Google API Client Library for Python
Google API Client Library for Go
Google API Client Library for .NET
Google API Client Library for Ruby
Google API Client Library for PHP
Google API Client Library for JavaScript
GTMAppAuth - OAuth Client Library for Mac and iOS
Send feedback
Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 License
, and code samples are licensed under the
Apache 2.0 License
. For details, see the
Google Developers Site Policies
. Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates.
Last updated 2025-01-13 UTC.
Info
Chat
API
Sub-policy 4
https://www.iubenda.com/en/privacy-and-cookie-policy-generator:
×
Notice
We and selected third parties use cookies or similar technologies for technical purposes and, with your consent, for other purposes as specified in the
cookie policy
.
Use the “Accept” button to consent. Use the “Reject” button or close this notice to continue without accepting.
Press again to continue 0/1
Learn more and customize
Reject
Accept
×
The easiest way to
get Google Consent Mode
. Start measuring Google Analytics traffic and Google Ads conversions even when the consent banner is rejected.
Set up Google Consent Mode
Set up Google Consent Mode
×
IUBENDA PRIVACY AND COOKIE POLICY GENERATOR
The solution to draft, update and maintain your Privacy and Cookie Policy
for GDPR
FOR CPRA
for LGPD
for FADP
Easily generate and manage a Privacy and Cookie Policy that is professional, self-updating and customizable from 2000+ clauses, available in up to 27 languages, drafted by an international legal team and up to date with the main international legislations.
Features
Legal overview
Pricing
Not sure what you need?
Getting started guide
Start generating
Trusted by over 140,000 clients in 100+ countries
Watch our video overview
It's a requirement
Most countries have privacy laws that require you to include a
privacy policy
. iubenda makes it easy to comply with legal requirements across multiple countries' legislations (including the GDPR).
Policies are invalid if they're missing the right information
In order to be compliant, your policy must describe the personal data collected and the purposes of their collection and list all the third parties the data is shared with.
"Is my legislation covered?"
We make every effort to cover every country’s laws by adopting the strictest data privacy guidelines implemented in each country. We also regularly monitor all major global privacy laws (including the GDPR, the US's CPRA (CCPA amendment) & CalOPPA, the ePrivacy and Australia's APPs) to ensure that our solutions continue to meet necessary requirements.
Full legal overview
How it works
1. Customize
Create your Privacy and Cookie Policy by customizing from 2000+ clauses or by adding your own custom legal text. Our solution will guide you through.
Some popular clauses:
Google Analytics
Google AdSense
Facebook conversion tracking
Newsletter
2. Integrate easily
Integrate with your site or app by using one of our widgets or by integrating straight into the body via JS or API. The policy is hosted on our servers so that both you and our international legal team can keep it updated.
5 reasons why we host your policy
3. Manage and auto-update
Need to add a new analytics service or advertising network to your policy? Launching a newsletter or expanding to a new language? Use our dashboard to make changes in one click, while relying on our legal team pushing updates when the law changes.
Privacy and Cookie Policy Generator for the GDPR, ePrivacy and CPRA
We help you meet complex legislation-specific requirements at the click of a button.
For the GDPR and ePrivacy (EU Cookie Law)
More on 360° GDPR Compliance
The GDPR can apply to you whether or not you reside in the EU or have EU users and consequences of non-compliance can be quite serious. Our
generator
takes the guesswork out of compliance and allows you to create GDPR and
ePrivacy
compliant Privacy and Cookie Policies in minutes!
Displaying GDPR related language, disclosures, and instructions as legally required
Readily accessible from every page of your site (as legally required)
Seamless integration with the Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution for IAB integrated Cookie consent management once activated within the generator + more
For the CPRA
More on 360° US Compliance
The often compared to the EU's GDPR, the Californian Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA/CPRA) grants additional rights to Californian consumers and places several new requirements on businesses, including disclosure and
opt-out requirements
. Our solution makes it easy for you to create CPRA (
CCPA amendments
) Compliant Privacy Policies by:
Displaying CPRA (CCPA amendment) related language, disclosures, and instructions as legally required
Indicating services active on your site which might constitute a sale under the CPRA (CCPA amendment) definition (as legally required)
Automatically updating your embedded privacy policy with the CPRA (CCPA amendment) text once activated within the generator — no need to re-integrate the code on your site
Features and benefits
Customizable
Choose from 2000+ pre-crafted clauses in up to 27 languages or, if you can't find what you're looking for, add your own custom clauses using the built-in form or place a request. You can even add a cookie policy in just one click.
GDPR, CPRA and LGPD ready
All of iubenda's documents help you comply with international laws like the GDPR, ePrivacy, CPRA, and
LGPD
.
Self-updating
Our team of lawyers constantly work to keep your documents up-to-date with the main international legislations, to notify you of major upcoming changes and to present you with one-click solutions.
Customizable
Choose from 2000+ pre-crafted clauses in up to 27 languages or, if you can't find what you're looking for, add your own custom clauses using the built-in form or place a request. You can even add a cookie policy in just one click.
GDPR, CPRA and LGPD ready
All of iubenda's documents help you comply with international laws like the GDPR, ePrivacy, CPRA, and
LGPD
.
Self-updating
Our team of lawyers constantly work to keep your documents up-to-date with the main international legislations, to notify you of major upcoming changes and to present you with one-click solutions.
Customize from 2000+ clauses
The quality of an international legal team at the convenience of an online software solution
Updated when the law changes
Generate in up to 27 languages
White label
A dashboard to manage and make changes
App developer? We're optimized for the mobile store specific requirements
Redesigned legal documents for increased transparency, understanding, and clarity
Site scanner to auto-detect services in use on your website
Explore all features and benefits
Trusted by over 140,000 clients in 100+ countries
“If you, like me, are part of a smart team and hate updating your privacy policy every time you add some code to your site, then iubenda is for you. It's ridiculously affordable, and super easy to use.”
Start generating
TRY BEFORE YOU BUY or STAY WITH THE FREE OPTION
3111100 self-updating documents already generated
FAQ
Should my email newsletters contain a privacy policy?
Yes. Email newsletters should contain a reference to your
privacy policy
. You must also show a link to your privacy policy when users subscribe to your newsletter in order to inform the user about your data use/collection practices.
More on newsletter legal requirements
Can I just copy and paste the generated legal text?
From time to time laws and third-party requirements are amended and updated; it's important to ensure that your policies meet these latest requirements. For this reason, we use embedding and NOT copy & paste. With this method, you can rest assured that your policy is up to date and being maintained remotely by our legal team.
More on why we host your documents
Documentation and Guides
Getting Started Guide
How to Generate a Policy
Mobile Guide
Email/Newsletter Guide
See all Guides
Not sure what you need?
Read our
Getting Started Guide
Chat with us live
or
contact support
Or join us at
our next webinar
to get an overview of the legal requirements and ask live questions
All our products are
WCAG Level AAA Compliant
Part of a 360° compliance solution
A complete set of solutions to make your website or app compliant with the law, across multiple languages and legislations
Overview
Pricing
For websites/apps
Privacy and Cookie Policy Generator
Create your privacy and cookie policy in minutes.
Customizable from 2000+ clauses, available in up to 27 languages and automatically updated if the law changes, our generator allows you to create a legal document in minutes and seamlessly integrate it with your website or app.
Explore
Features
Documentation and guides
For websites/apps
Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution
Manage consent preferences for the ePrivacy, GDPR, CPRA (CCPA amendment) and LGPD. Integrated with the IAB TCF and CCPA Compliance Framework.
Our solution allows you to display a fully customizable cookie banner/consent banner, collect cookie consent, implement prior blocking (including auto-blocking), set advertising preferences, and more.
Explore
Features
Documentation and guides
iubenda is a Google certified CMP with TCF and Google Consent Mode support
For websites/apps
Terms and Conditions Generator
Create your terms and conditions in minutes.
Customizable from hundreds of combinations, available in up to 15 languages, powerful and precise — our solution is capable of handling even the most complex, individual scenarios. Optimized for e-commerce, marketplace, SaaS, apps and more.
Explore
Features
Documentation and guides
For organizations
Whistleblowing Management Tool
Provide an easy-to-use internal reporting channel as required by the EU Whistleblower Directive for organizations with 50+ employees. Instantly generate your forms to embed or print.
Collect and manage whistleblower reports from employees and other individuals connected to your organization while safeguarding their identities and ensuring confidentiality. Tailored for EU businesses and global organizations dedicated to ethical transparency.
Explore
Features
Documentation and guides
For websites/apps
For organizations
Consent Database
Collect GDPR & LGPD consent, document opt-ins and
CPRA (CCPA amendment) opt-outs
via your web forms.
Our solution smoothly integrates with your consent collection forms, syncs with your legal documents and includes a user-friendly dashboard for reviewing consent records of your activities.
Explore
Features
Documentation and guides
For websites/apps
For organizations
Register of Data Processing Activities
Document all the data processing activity within your organization.
To comply with privacy laws, and particularly the GDPR, companies need to record how they store and use the data they collect from their users. Our solution allows you to easily document all the data processing activities within your organization.
Explore
Features
Documentation and guides
Enterprise
Hundreds of enterprises rely on iubenda for their online compliance throughout multiple properties and legislations.
Get in touch
Looking for custom documents?
Our international network of lawyers can provide you with tailored documents and a full compliance review.
Get in touch
Become a Certified Partner
iubenda's Partner Program is designed for agencies and web professionals seeking to expand their expertise and assist their clients in making their websites, apps and data processing activities compliant with the law.
More on the partner program →
;
Content is blocked
You denied the use of cookies or similar technologies for the purpose of functionality. To view this content, please update your consent preferences.