Egal Net
Privacy policy
Home
Privacy Policy App
Egal Net (“us” or “we”) has created this Policy to explain our privacy practices so that you will understand what information about you is collected, used and disclosed with respect to the Applications, the Services and the Site.
We take the privacy of our customers seriously and are committed to safeguarding your privacy while you use our Software, Services or the Site.
Ad serving Technology
Advertisers and advertising networks use tracking technologies to collect information about users’ computers or mobile devices and their online activities (for example, web pages visited and searches made) as well as general geographic location and use that information to display targeted ads to users (these don’t include your name, your address, e-mail address or phone number) and a Device ID such as the device’s advertising identifier or other app-bounded device identifiers. We sometimes allow these ad companies to collect such information when you use our sites and apps to enable them to display targeted ads to you.
In the European Economic Area (EEA) we ask for consent to use cookies  or other local storage, where legally required, and to use personal data (such as AdID) to serve ads. This policy reflects the requirements of the EU ePrivacy Directive and the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
If you would like more information, please follow the links below:
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
https://privacy.google.com/businesses/processorterms/
Applications published on the AppGallery Store can show ads managed by HUAWEI:
https://consumer.huawei.com/en/privacy/privacy-policy/
Applications with mediation can show ads managed by Facebook Audience Network:
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/policy/
Analytics
Firebase Analytics is a analysis service provided by Google. Firebase utilizes the Data collected to track and examine the use of this Application, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services.
User-associated performance data such as app launch time, hang rate, or energy usage, may be used to evaluate user behavior, understand the effectiveness of existing product features, and plan new features.
IP address, may be used to estimate the general location of a device.
Google may use the Data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
If you would like more information, please follow the link below:
https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy
Diagnosis
Non-user related crash logs and performance data, may be used to diagnose problems and improve the app.
Firebase Crashlytics:
https://firebase.google.com/terms/crashlytics-app-distribution-data-processing-terms/
User Communications (Information You Provide)
When you use our email support services, we may retain those communications in order to process your inquiries, respond to your requests, personalize your experience, notify you of promotional offers, and improve our services, assist with our product and service development.
We collect and store Personal data you provide only to to send emails to you with informative content about the apps, such as new features and services, order issues and updated information.
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information.
We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
Non-personal Data for debug (Information You Provide)
You may send your Non-personal data (information that, by itself, does not personally identify you). We may collect Non-personal data such as your device model number, operating system version, country code and other properties for purposes of managing the apps and communicating with you.
Android App – Permissions and sensitive data
The applications has such permissions:
Access to the Internet: used to display ads and check updates
View network status: used to verify access to the Internet
Wake lock: used to keep the display on during some operations
Billing and Check License: used to make and verify In-App purchases
Access coarse/fine location (Only Photovoltaic Calculations app): used to obtain the latitude and longitude in order to calculate the correct position of the sun and the correct inclination of the solar panels
Accelerometer sensor data (Only Photovoltaic Calculations app): used to show the correct position of the compass
Application does not collect, transmit or store any personal information. Any personal information accessed is used locally on the device and solely for the application to provide suitable functionality
iOS App – Permissions
The application has such permissions:
Photo Library Usage: used to save the application screenshots
Traking Usage: used to deliver personalized ads
Locations When In Use (Only Photovoltaic Calculations app): used to obtain the latitude and longitude in order to calculate the correct position of the sun and the correct inclination of the solar panels
Local network usage (Only RaspController app): required to connect with Raspberry Pi via SSH
Additional information
We may link to other sites or have third party services on our site we don’t control.  If you click on a link to a third party site, you will be taken to websites we do not control. This policy does not apply to the privacy practices of that website. Read the privacy policy of other websites carefully. We are not responsible for these third party sites.
We may present links in a format that enables us to keep track of whether these links have been followed. We use this information to improve the quality of our search technology, customized content, and advertising.
All trademarks, trade names, and logos of third parties featured on the Applications or the Site belong to their respective owners.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We aim to meet high standards and our policies and procedures are, therefore, constantly under review. We may, therefore, change this privacy policy in the future. For example, if we offer a new type of product or service that collects different types of information, we might outline our use of that information here. As a result, please check back with this page regularly to see if anything’s changed.
Your Consent
By using Application, the Services or the Site, you agree to this privacy policy and give an explicit and informed consent to the processing.
Contact Us
If you want to find out more, you can contact us at:
Egal Net di Ettore Gallina
Via Emilia, 18
90024 Gangi (PA)
Italy
info@egalnetsoftwares.com
Last update: November 27, 2024 16:52:09
We only use cookies for statistical purposes only for site optimization (and not for profiling or marketing). If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.
Ok
Privacy policy