Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
INKL Pty Ltd (ACN 167 159 819) (“
INKL
”) is committed to keeping your information safe and secure in accordance with the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) (the “
Privacy Act
”) and the Australian Privacy Principles contained therein. By engaging INKL’s services or using INKL’s Website (the “
Website
”), you are giving consent to INKL to use your Personal Information in the manner set out in this Privacy Policy.
“
Personal Information
” is information we hold which is identifiable as being about you.
Collection of Personal Information
INKL may collect and use the following kinds of information:
information about your use of the Website (including operating system; version and language; pages viewed while browsing the Website; page access times; and referring website address);
information about your personal details (including, but not limited to, name; package details; phone contact details; address information; email; date of birth; username; password; and payment information); and
information about the kinds of products that you are purchasing through the Website (including the type, quantity, price range and how often you make purchases).
Personal Information and your personal details may be collected from you in a variety of ways, including but not limited to: when you register for the services; when you interact with INKL electronically or in person; when you access the Website; and when INKL provides services to you.
Use and Disclosure of Your Personal Information
INKL may use your Personal Information to:
enable your access to the Website;
provide to you the services that you purchase or request as a customer;
track usage and measure traffic statistics of the Website;
receive and/or access information from third party providers for the provision of our services to you;
contact you regarding your use of the services or services offered by INKL;
contact you in relation to comments, complaints, enquiries or dispute resolution;
collect payments from you;
communicate with third party providers or associate parties with respect to the provision of the services; and
send you marketing communications.
INKL will not disclose Personal Information about you, unless it is required, incidental or otherwise related to the primary purpose of providing services to you or a third party for which you have consented to by engaging INKL’s services, or using the Website. However, INKL may disclose your Personal Information to its business partners who assist in providing services to you as a customer.
In the event that you are a subscriber to a third party that is providing content to INKL as part of the services (the “
Content Provider
”), you acknowledge and agree that Personal Information accrued during the course of your use of the services may be sent to the Content Provider for the purposes of data analysis and marketing. This Personal Information can include, but is not limited to, the following:
articles you have read;
pages you have visited;
key content of the articles/pages that you have read/visited;
time that you read/visited the articles/pages;
duration of time you spent looking at an article/page; and
your general location when using the services.
INKL in its sole discretion, may disclose your Personal Information to the extent that it is required to do so by law, in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings, and in order to establish, exercise or defend its legal rights.
INKL is not liable for how a third party uses your Personal Information if the Personal Information has been disclosed in accordance with this policy.
Disclosure of Your Personal Information Overseas
INKL will transfer Personal Information to someone who is in a foreign country where:
INKL reasonably believes that the recipient of the information is subject to a law, binding scheme or contract which effectively upholds principles for fair handling of the information that are substantially similar to the Australian Privacy Principles;
the transfer is required for INKL to provide you the services you requested;
all of the following apply:
the transfer is for your benefit;
it is impracticable to obtain your consent to that transfer; and
if it were practicable to obtain such consent, you would be likely to give it; or
INKL has taken reasonable steps to ensure that the information which it has transferred will not be held, used or disclosed by the recipient of the information inconsistently with the Australian Privacy Principles.
Security of Your Personal Information
It is important that you advise INKL of changes to your Personal Information that you have provided to INKL as it is essential that your Personal Information is accurate, complete, and up-to-date in order for INKL to provide services to you.
INKL uses reasonable technical precautions and has implemented business processes to protect your Personal Information from misuse, loss, unauthorised access, modification and disclosure. However INKL is not liable for any unauthorised access to, or dissemination of, this information.
INKL will take all reasonable steps to destroy or permanently de-identify Personal Information if it is no longer needed for the purposes of providing our services to you and where INKL is not required to retain that information by law.
Access to Your Personal Information
You are responsible to ensure that the information you provide to INKL is accurate, complete and up-to-date.
By request, you may contact INKL at
support@inkl.com
and ask to know what sort of Personal Information is held about you, for what purposes, and how it is collected, held, used and disclosed and you may also request access to the information held or permanent deletion of information held. INKL may charge, in its discretion, a reasonable administration fee for this access.
INKL in its sole discretion may consider that there is a sound reason under the Privacy Act, Freedom of Information Act 1982 (Cth) or other relevant law to withhold Personal Information, or not make the requested changes.
Identifiers and Anonymity
You acknowledge that INKL retains, collects and maintains your Personal Information for statistical analysis purposes (whether for commercial or non-commercial purposes). You agree that INKL may share, distribute and/or transfer information which you have provided to INKL to third parties, after that information has been de-identified.
INKL may use cookies on its Website. Cookies are very small files which a Website uses to identify you when you come back to the site and to store details about your use of the Website. Cookies are not malicious programs that access or damage your computer. INKL uses cookies to improve the experience of people using its Website. If you do not or are unable to accept cookies from INKL, you may not be able to access the full functionality of the Website.
List of Cookies Stored by inkl
The following list of cookies are mandatory and required for the site to function:
_inkl
- Stores user authentication details and session information.
_stripe_mid
,
_string_sid
- Required for processing payment information through our payment gateway (Stripe).
The following list of cookies are stored upon consent:
_ga
- Google Analytics: used for statistical analysis of the website usage and for marketing campaign optimisation.
Sensitive Information
Sensitive information is defined in the Privacy Act to include information or opinion about such things as an individual's racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, membership of a political association, religious or philosophical beliefs, membership of a trade union or other professional body, criminal record or health information.
Sensitive information will be used by INKL only:
for the primary purpose for which it was obtained;
for a secondary purpose that is directly related to the primary purpose;
with your consent; or
where required or authorised by law.
Complaints About Privacy
As a valuable customer, if you have any complaints in relation to this Privacy Policy or privacy practice, please contact INKL at
support@inkl.com
A complaint should identify whether it is about:
the collection of Personal Information;
the use of Personal Information;
the disclosure of Personal Information;
the security or storage of Personal Information;
the accuracy of Personal Information;
a refusal to give access to or provide information about their Personal Information; or
a refusal to change or delete Personal Information.
INKL values your opinions and takes complaints very seriously. Upon receiving written notice of your complaint about privacy, INKL will respond quickly to advise you of the outcome following its enquiring into the same. You will also be invited to respond to its outcome. If a response is received, INKL will assess it and advise if it has changed its view or outcome. If you are unsatisfied with the final outcome, INKL will advise further options including, if appropriate, making a complaint with the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner.
Miscellaneous
No partnership or agency
Nothing contained or implied in this Privacy Policy will create or constitute, or be deemed to create or constitute, a partnership between you and INKL. A party must not act, represent or hold itself out as having authority to act as the agent of the other party or in any way bind or commit the other parties to any obligation.
Waivers
In limited circumstances, INKL may allow you to waive application of this Privacy Policy. A waiver of this Privacy Policy must be in writing and signed by INKL. INKL anticipates that the waiver of this Privacy Policy would only be in exceptional circumstances, and INKL encourages that you consider the circumstances leading to the waiver request prior to submitting such a request.
Venue and Jurisdiction
The services offered by INKL on the Website are intended to be viewed by residents of Australia. In the event of any dispute arising out of or in relation to the Website, you agree that the exclusive venue for resolving any dispute shall be Victoria, Australia.
Governing Law
This agreement is governed by the laws of Victoria, Australia. Any dispute, controversy, proceeding or claim of whatever nature arising out of or in any way relating to this agreement and the rights created hereby shall be governed, interpreted and construed by, under and pursuant to the laws of Victoria, Australia, without reference to conflict of law principles, notwithstanding mandatory rules. The validity of this governing law clause is not contested. This agreement shall be binding to the benefit of the parties hereto and their successors and assigns.
Variations to this Policy
This Privacy Policy is available online via
www.inkl.com
and by clicking the “Privacy Policy” link located in the Website. INKL reserves the right to modify or amend this Privacy Policy at any time and for any reason, without notification.
INKL updates this Privacy Policy from time to time by posting a new version on the Website. You shall be taken to agree to the Privacy Policy from the time the new policy is posted on the Website.
Contact
Please contact INKL if you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy.
Email:
support@inkl.com