ACCEPTANCE
OF AppToCloud PRIVACY TERMS
Last
Updated: October 08, 2019
Thank you
for your interest in the AppToCloud mobile application, as well as the
AppToCloud website (the “Site”), all related websites, applications, and
services provided by us and on which a link to this Privacy Policy (this
“Policy”) is displayed (collectively, the “Service”).
Information We Collect on the
Service
Information
Automatically Collected When You Use Our Service and Site:  We collect
certain information automatically when you use the Service in order to provide
the service and to improve this app. This information includes:
- Usage Information. We collect information about your activity and the cloud
providers you select through the Service. We collect information about when you
launch the app. We collect information about the size (in KB) and quantity
(file count) of uploaded files, warnings and errors.
- Device Information. We collect information about your device, including the
device model, screen size, mobile network information, device identifiers
(including IDFA for iOS devices and IMEI for Android devices), operating system
and version, browser type and language.
- Location Information. With your consent, we may obtain information about your
approximate device location by inference from the information we collect (for
example, your IP address indicates the general geographic region from which you
are connecting to the Internet).
Information
We Collect When You Contact Us:  In order to provide a better support, we
collect in-app purchase information and device information including the device
model, operating system, operating system version and language.
How We
Use the Information We Collect
We use
information we collect on the Service and Site to provide you with and to
improve and innovate the Service and Site. We also use the information to:
- Operate, maintain, enhance and provide all features of the Service, to
provide services and information that you request;
- Understand and analyze the usage trends and preferences of our users;
- Provide better support;
- Provide customized advertisements, content, and information;
- Monitor and analyze the effectiveness of marketing activities;
- Verify your identity and prevent fraud or other unauthorized or illegal
activity.
Usage and
transferring of information received from Google APIs to any other app will
adhere to
Google API
Services User Data Policy
, including the Limited Use requirements.
How We
Share Information
Any
personal information you provide to us will not be shared, released, sold, or
rented to any entities or individuals outside of AppToCloud.
Third
Party Analytics and Advertising Services
We may let
other companies use cookies, web beacons, and other technologies on the Site
and Service. These companies may collect information about how you use the
Service and other websites and online services over time and across different
services. We use various analytics tools to understand your use of the Service.
Data
Security
We use
certain physical, managerial, and technical safeguards that are designed to
improve the integrity and security of information that we collect and maintain.
Please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. We
cannot and do not guarantee that your information will not be accessed, viewed,
disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical,
or managerial safeguards.
Our
Contact Information
Please
contact us with any questions or comments about this Policy, your Personal
Information, our use and disclosure practices, or your consent choices by email
at
web@qaqee.com
.