Sarrada Software
Privacy Policy
Introduction
This Privacy Policy describes our collection and use of personal data when using our apps, websites or services.
 For simplicity we refer to all of these as our "services" or "apps".
 "Personal data" or "Personal information" is data that can be used to identify a natural person.
Consent
By using our services you acknowledge you have read, understood and agree to be bound by these terms.
 If you are using our services for an organization you're agreeing to be bound by these terms on behalf of that organization.
Collection & Use
Documents and photos you create or import when using our apps are stored on your device (not on our servers) and are never sent to a third-party unless you choose to. Examples of sending documents from our apps are: Email, send to another app, upload to cloud, backup device, etc.) Our apps may collect personal information; name or email address. The primary purpose of collecting data is to help us deliver and improve features and functionality in our apps. Contact information we collect allows us to provide support and keep you posted on the latest product announcements.
Disclosure
We do not rent or sell personal information to third parties. We may provide information to external service providers that help us provide products, services and marketing. 
In the event of a change of ownership or control of the business entity "Sarrada Software Inc", we may transfer all information we collect to the relevant third party.
Access, Retention and Deletion
You can view, edit and delete your personal data from within our apps. Insofar as your data is no longer required for the above purposes, it is deleted.
Children
We do not produce our apps for, nor market our services directly to children. We do not knowingly collect or solicit information from children. If you are under the legal age of majority in your country of residence, review this agreement with your parent or guardian.
Changes to this policy
We reserve the right to amend this Privacy Policy. The latest version of the Privacy Policy can be found at: https://sarrada.com/app/privacy.htm
If you have any questions about the Privacy Policy contact support@sarrada.com.
Last Updated February 27, 2019