JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.
Home
>
Delivery & Return Policy
Delivery & Return Policy
At Taw9eel.com & Tawseel eCommerce Group believe that customer service is the corner stone of our entire business. We try our best to avoid any issues that may arise during your shopping experience with us, therefore we made sure that all our policies are transparent and simple to understand and if you need any clarification please do not hesitate to contact us directly.
Return & Exchange Policy
You have the right to return or exchange items purchased from Taw9eel.com, a division of Tawseel General Trading W.L.L. within 14 days of recieving under the following conditions:
Returned or exchanged items must have a manufacturing defect that cannot be repaired without compromising the items quality, fake, fiddle or does not match the specifications stated on Taw9eel.com.
Returned items must be in their original packaging with all its original content, including, but not limited to, accessories, manuals and/or digital content.
Returned items (unless defective, fake or fiddle) must be in resalable condition.
Food (unless expired at time of delivery) and personal products such as, but not limited to, swimwear, underwear, newspapers, magazines, shaving equipment and hygiene products are not eligible for returns or exchanges.
You have the right to receive your refund against returned items in the same form of payment made at time of original purchase. For example, if you bought items in cash you will receive your refund in cash.
You have the right to receive your refund in full. We will not deduct any kind of transactions fees, such as Visa/Mastercard/Knet fees or processing fees, from your refund amount.
You have the right to receive your refund within 10 calendar days of your original request.
You have the right to exchange items purchased within 14 calendar days of purchase. Exchanged items must be in their original sealed packaging. We will offer you the value of the item with in­store credit that will be valid for 6 months.
How to Process your Return or Exchange
If you would like to return or exchange an eligible item within 48 hours of purchase, you can contact our customer service center and we will arrange for pickup from your address stated in your invoice. When we collect your item, please provide us with the original invoice at time of purchase.
If you would like to return or exchange an eligible item after 48 hours of your purchase, please return the item with the original invoice to Warsha.com (our authorized service center) at one of their following locations:
Shuwaikh, Industrial Zone, iCity Building, Behind Al Seyassah Building.
Please allow us 10 business days to finalize your return or exchange request.
Warranties
Only items that specify a warranty provider and a warranty time frame on the item's product page at time of purchase are eligible for warranty.
Warranties do not cover faults caused by misuse, physical damage, water damage, software viruses or the use of operating systems, programs or accessories that are not genuine and/or not approved by manufacturer.
To benefit from any existing warranty, please provide the original invoice to the specified service center detailed below.
If you were not satisfied with the response of any of the service centers, please get in touch with us and we will make sure you get the treatment you deserve.
Delivery Policy
Taw9eel.com ships orders in Kuwait by Company's own delivery network and, from time to time, we will use 3rd party logistics partners.
Orders are delivered according to the delivery method you choose when you place the order from (Standard delivery within 5 hours, Express delivery within 2 hours & scheduled delivery in Kuwait).
Once you have received the order, we will provide you the order invoice, and it will be a confirmation that you have received all items purchased in the order.
If you are not present at the specified delivery address, we can deliver the order to any person at the specified address and receiving the order will be a confirmation that you have received all items purchased in the order.
If we reach your address and fail to deliver the order, please contact our customer service department to arrange an alternative delivery time. We will not be responsible for any orders that are not delivered within a period of 30 days after the date of purchase.
How to Contact Us
We are available to serve you and reply to your queries everyday including holidays from 9 am to 11 pm. Here is how you can contact us:
Phone:
+965 1821010
Email:
cs@taw9eel.com
Twitter:
@Taw9eel
Instagram :
@Taw9eel
WhatsApp :
+965 1821010
Select your area for 30 mins delivery
(if you cannot see your area we are working hard to add your area)
Please Select Area
Please Select Area
Abbasiya
Abdullah Al-Mubarak - West Jleeb
Abdullah Al-Salem
Abraq Khaitan
Abu Ftaira
Abu Halifa
Adailiya
Adan
Al Julayah - Az Zour Sulah
Al Masayel
Al Naeem
Al-Ahmadi
Al-Bedae
Al-Qurain
Al-Qusour
Ali Sabah Al-Salem - Umm Al Hayman
Amgarah Industrial
Andalous
Ardhiya
Ardiya Small Industrial
Ardiya Storage Zone
Ashbeliah
Bayan
Bneid Al Qar
Daiya
Dasma
Dasman
Dhaher
Dhajeej
Doha
Egaila
Fahad Al Ahmed
Fahaheel
Faiha
Farwaniya
Ferdous
Fnaitess
Ghornata
Hadiya
Hawally
Hitteen
Jaber Al Ahmed
Jaber Al Ali
Jabriya
Jahra
Jleeb Al-Shiyoukh
Kaifan
Khairan
Khaitan
Khaldiya
Kuwait City
Mahboula
Maidan Hawally
Mangaf
Mansouriya
Messila
Mirqab
Mishrif
Mubarak Al-Abdullah - West Mishref
Mubarak Al-Kabir
Nahda
Nasseem
North West Sulaibikhat
Nuwaiseeb
Nuzha
Omariya
Oyoun
Qadsiya
Qairawan - South Doha
Qasr
Qibla
Qortuba
Rabiya
Rai
Rawda
Reggai
Rehab
Riqqa
Rumaithiya
Saad Al Abdullah
Sabah AL Ahmad residential
Sabah Al Ahmad Marine City
Sabah Al-Nasser
Sabah Al-Salem
Sabahiya
Sabhan Industrial
Salam
Salmiya
Salwa
Shaab
Shamiya
Shuhada
Shuwaikh
Shuwaikh - Free Zone
Shuwaikh Industrial
Siddiq
South Abdullah Al-Mubarak
Sulaibikhat
Surra
Taima
Wafra farms
Wafra residential
Waha
West Abdullah Almubarak
Yarmouk
Zahra
Save Area & continue