Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Privacy Policy
Privacy policy
Last updated: March 29, 2022
This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the App. We have tried to keep this as simple as possible.
Interpretation and Definitions
Definitions
Account
means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service.
App
means the software program provided by Rocketware downloaded by You on any electronic device.
Personal Data
is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.
Third-party Social Media Service
refers to any website or any social network website through which a User can log in or create an account to use the Service.
Usage Data
refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
You
means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.
Collecting and Using Your Personal Data
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using the
App
, We may ask
You
to provide certain personally identifiable information that can be used to identify
You
. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Third-party Social Media Service
unique user reference for the purpose of authentication
An email address (optional) for the purpose of notifying you when required (eg: when you match with someone)
Your name / username / alias for the purpose of creating your profile
Phone number for the purpose of account verification and authentication
Your date of birth for the purpose of matching you with similarly aged users
Your profile information for the purpose of creating your profile and providing you with with dating services
Usage Data for the purpose of security, analytics and helping us improve our service
Usage Data
Usage Data is collected automatically when using the Service.
Usage Data may include information such as Your Device's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that You visit, the time and date of Your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
When You access the Service by or through a mobile device, We may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device You use, Your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of Your mobile device, Your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser You use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
We may also collect information that Your browser sends whenever You visit our Service or when You access the Service by or through a mobile device.
Information from Third-Party Social Media Services
We allow You to create an account and log in to use the Service through the following Third-party Social Media Services:
Google
Facebook
Apple (if accessing using an iPhone)
When you sign in with a Third-Party Social Media Service, we collect minimal Personal data that is already associated with Your Third-Party Social Media Service's account. This is limited to:
Third-party Social Media Service unique user reference
Your name (if available) for the purpose of pre-filling in the registration form
Your email address (if available) for the purpose of authentication & authenticity verification
Your phone number (if available) for the purpose of pre-filling the phone verification screen
We do not access your activities, contacts, friends list or any other information that is not listed above -we respect and value your privacy. The data listed above is used for the purpose of Authentication and
authenticity v
erification only. This information does not leave our system and is not shared with any third-parties.
Information Collected while Using the Application
While using Our Application, in order to provide features of Our Application, We may collect, with Your prior permission:
Information regarding your location, we need your location at time of account registration to ensure we can match you with nearby users. We will request your location permission as you use the app to ensure we only show you relevant nearby matches however this is optional, if you refuse to share your location with the App we will continue using your last-known location.
We use this information to provide features of Our Service, to improve and customize Our Service. The information may be uploaded to the Company's servers and/or a Service Provider's server or it may be simply stored on Your device.
You can enable or disable access to this information at any time, through Your Device settings.
Retention of Your Personal Data
The Company will retain Your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use Your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
The Company will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of Our Service, or We are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.
You can read about how to delete your personal data here.
Disclosure of Your Personal Data
Business Transactions
If the Company is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, Your Personal Data may be transferred. We will provide notice before Your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.
Law enforcement
Under certain circumstances, we may be required to disclose Your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency). We will only provide customer information when we believe there is a risk to someone's safety and by providing the information will prevent harm.
Other legal requirements
The Company may disclose Your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
Comply with a legal obligation
Protect and defend the rights or property of the Company
Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
Protect the personal safety of Users of the Service or the public
Protect against legal liability
Security of Your Personal Data
The security of Your Personal Data is important to Us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While We strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect Your Personal Data, We cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let You know via email and/or a prominent notice on Our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "Last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:
- By email: support@onescene.com
We resepct and value your privacy
This is one of the reasons our apps are used and trusted by millions of people
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it