Search:
↓
↑
×
Close
ELLENWHITE.ORG
EGWWRITINGS.ORG
AUA, Kenya
AU, Michigan, US
LLU, California, US
FR
KR
PT
SUBSCRIBE
GIVE
Toggle Navigation
Ellen G. White
®
Estate
Sharing the Vision
Ellen White Bio
About the Estate
Issues and Answers
EGW Writings
EGW Writings book list
Abbreviations
Current publications
EGW eBooks
Books
Devotionals
Biography
Modern English
Testimonies for the Church
Conflict of the Ages
Conflict of the Ages Collection
The Life of Faith Collection
EGW Audiobooks
Daily Devotional
Thought for the Day
Subscriptions
EGW Writings Apps
Android
iOS
Windows
macOS
Web
Resources
Study Guides
GC session
EGW Prayer
Afrikaans
Bulgarian
Chinese
Czech
English
French
German
Haitian Creole
Indonesian
Italian
Japanese
Korean
Macedonian
Papiamentu
Polish
Portuguese
Romanian
Russian
Serbian
Slovak
Spanish
Swahili
Xhosa
Research Center Videos
EGW Writings Tutorials
Android
EGW Writings Apps
Android
iOS
Windows
macOS
Web
Legacy EGW 1 App
CD-ROM info
Archives
Photos
Links
Pioneers
William Miller
James White
Ellen G. White
Joseph Bates
John N. Andrews
John H. Kellogg
Uriah Smith
Goodloe H. Bell
Pioneers stories CDs
SOP Day
2015 Centennial
2015 Centennial Plans
EGW Centennial 1915-2015
Contacts
EGW Writings Applications
are owned and operated by the Ellen G. White
®
Estate, Inc. All the information contained within the Websites and Applications (apps) are
copyrighted
by the Ellen G. White
®
Estate, a nonprofit corporation (“the White Estate, Inc.”).  All rights are reserved. The White Estate respects the privacy of every individual that uses our services. The following statement is for both your and our protection.
What Personal Information We Collect and Why
The White Estate uses several Third-party services to provide an enhanced user experience for all our Websites and Apps.
CDN:
Cloudflare
tracking cookies are used to deliver your content requests from EGW Writings Websites to you via the closest geographically located EGW Writings cloud server. This also enables us to deliver your content requests using the fastest route possible to your location over Cloudflares global edge networks. These session cookies are not permanently stored.
Websites
:
Google Analytics
is used for all our Websites to help us build better websites for our users.
Mobile Device Time Zone
is for users who have subscribed to our EGW Writings subscription service and you’re logged into our EGW Writings app on a mobile device. This is so your Subscription can be delivered at your requested time at your current location.
Disclosure:
The White Estate does not sell or distribute any information, including personal or identifying information, which is obtained through your use of our websites or applications.  Nor is the White Estate gathering such information to share with non-affiliated organizations.
Your location
When you use the EGW Writings Website we log your IP, OS, browser version, and language. This stores a browser cookie to help with your experience when using EGW Writiings Websites.  Setting your language, screen resolution for layout on your device, login information, and preferences while your're using EGW Writings Websites. This information is not shared with any third parties and it is stored for only one week before it is automatically deleted.
Content delivered retention policy
The content that you search and read on our websites is held in memcache on our servers for two days to speed up your access to the EGW Writings. We do not permanently store or share any of this information. Cloudflare also caches this content on their servers for 24 hours to speed up delivery of EGW Writings content to users.
User communications policy
Personal information or requests that you submit via email to
android@ellenwhite.org
,
egwwritings@ellenwhite.org
,
ios@ellenwhite.org
,
macos@elllenwhite.org
,
windows@ellenwhite.org
,
egwhelp@whiteestate.org
,
estate@ellenwhite.org
,
visit@ellenwhite.org
, and
mail@whiteestate.org
, will be sent to a White Estate employee to answer. The White Estate employee assigned to answer questions from any of our email addresses will have access to the information you wrote in your email. When you send an email or other communication to the Ellen G. White
®
Estate we retain those communications to process your inquiries, respond to your requests and improve our services. We may add your email to ellenwhite.org or our egwwritings.org support knowledgebase to help other users with similar questions or problems. Your name or email address will not be displayed.
How do we protect your information?
Ellen G. White
®
Estate does not share your personal information with other organization outside of the Ellen G. White
®
Estate without your explicit consent. The White Estate may share your personal information only if it has a good faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to (a) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request, (b) enforce applicable Terms Of Use, including investigation of potential violations thereof, (c) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, or (d) protect against imminent harm to the rights, property or safety of the Ellen G. White
®
Estate, its users or the public as required or permitted by law. The White Estate takes appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of data. Including monitoring of our servers, storage and processing practices and security measures, as well as physical security measures to guard against unauthorized access to our systems where we store your personal data. Unless explicit permission is obtained from you, the White Estate restricts access to personal information by its employees and contractors who need to know that information to operate, develop or improve our services. These individuals are bound by confidentiality agreements and may be subject to discipline, including termination and criminal prosecution, if they fail to meet these obligations.
How to Delete My Personal Account and Information
Your right to privacy is our top concern. If you desire to suspend using our EGW Writings services at any time and wish to have all your personal data deleted from our servers, please visit our customer panel
cpanel.egwwritings.org
to initiate the delete my account process.
Enforcement
The White Estate periodically reviews its compliance with this Privacy Policy. When we receive formal written complaints regarding privacy issues, it is our policy to contact the complaining user regarding his or her concerns. We will cooperate with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of personal data that cannot be resolved between Ellen G. White
®
Estate, Inc., and an individual.
Questions
Any questions about the privacy policy can be directed to:
egwwritings@ellenwhite.org
End User License Agreement
(EULA)
To read about your rights and correct usage of this software, please read the
EULA.
Copyright Notice
See Ellen G. White
®
Estate
Copyright Notice
for EGW Writings Apps and Ellen White Estate Websites
×
Close
Thought for the Day
The great conflict now being waged is not merely a strife of man against man. – RH February 6, 1900