Overview
Architect Apps takes the privacy of our customers and users seriously. We recognize that privacy is an important issue, so we design and operate our services with the protection of your privacy in mind. This Privacy Policy explains what kind of information we collect, use, and the security of your information in relation to our mobile services. By using our services, you consent to this privacy policy.
What kind of information we collect
Our primary purpose in collecting information is to provide you with a safe, smooth, efficient, and customized experience. We may collect information about you, including information in the following categories:
Personal Information
We do not collect any Personal Information about you. Personal Information includes your name, physical address, social numbers, email address and geographic location information. We never collect any language Modeling Data with your name, phone number, email address and any other personal identifier. Language Modeling Data such as common phrases or words that you use when typing with our app.
Non-Personal Information Collected Automatically:
We collect Non-Personal Information. “Non-Personal Information” is information that does not identify you or any other individual, and includes Session and Usage Data, Log Data and Aggregate Information.
How we use your information
Personal Information
Since we do not collect Personal Information, we may not use your Personal Information in any way.
Non-Personal Information
Generally we may use Non-Personal information and message data for internal purposes only, such as to provide you with Architect Apps Services, to notify you of new products or services, and for promotion and marketing purposes. We do not combine Non-Personal Information with Personal Information.
We do not disclose your information to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes, unless you first affirmatively agree to that disclosure.
Face Data
We do not collect any face data from photos.  Any photos you take in or upload to the app are solely for the purpose of your personal use while using the app and we do not collect, use, store, share or retain any of this information or photos in any way.
Third-party keyboard warnings
When you allow full access in the settings under “add new keyboard” tab, you will encounter a warning message stating “full access allows the developer to transmit anything you type, including things you have previously typed with this keyboard. This could include sensitive information such as your credit card number or street address.”
Architect Apps products are designed not to receive, store or transmit any such sensitive data.
Security
Architect Apps is concerned with safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We do not collect Personal Information, and we employ administrative, physical and electronic measures designed to protect your Non-Personal Information from unauthorized access and use. Please be aware that no security measures that we take to protect your information is absolutely guaranteed to avoid unauthorized access or use of your Non-Personal Information or is impenetrable.
Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement
We cooperate with government and law enforcement officials to enforce and comply with the law. We may therefore disclose Session, Usage Data, Message Data, and any other information about you, if we have a good faith belief that it is reasonably necessary to (1) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request, (2) enforce our Terms of Use, including investigation of potential violations thereof, (3) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, or (4) protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Architect Apps, its users or the public as required or permitted by law.
Children’s privacy
Architect Apps does not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the age of 13. If you are under 13, please do not attempt to register or send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. By using our Site or Services, you promise that you are at least 13 years old. If we become aware that we have inadvertently received Personal Information from a child under the age of 13, we will delete such information from our records. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at owen@totoventures.com. In addition, we recommend that minors 13 years of age or older ask their parents for permission before sending any information about themselves to anyone over the Internet.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy may change from time to time. If we decide to change this private policy, we will provide you additional forms of notice of modifications or updates as appropriate under the circumstances. Your continued use of Architect Apps products following the posting of changes will mean you accept those changes.
Contact us
If you have any questions or concerns regarding privacy using Architect Apps services, please send a detailed message to: owen@totoventures.com
We will make every effort to resolve your concerns.