Privacy Policy
Information you provide to us
How we disclose your information
EEA/UK (GDPR)
US State Privacy Notices
Make a Privacy Request
Your Privacy Choices
Expand All
Introduction
This Privacy Policy explains how information about you is collected, used and disclosed by Joy, Inc., and its subsidiaries and affiliated companies ("Joy"). This Privacy Policy applies to information we collect when you use our website, mobile application and other online products and services that link to this Privacy Policy (collectively, the "Service").
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of the policy and, in some cases, we may provide you with additional notice (such as adding a statement to our homepage or sending you an email notification). We encourage you to review the Privacy Policy whenever you access the Service to stay informed about our information practices and the ways yo​u can help protect your privacy.
Collection of Information:
Information You Provide to Us
​We collect information you provide directly to us. For example, we may collect information when you create or join an event, fill out a form, submit photos or videos, comments or other content, participate in interactive features of the Service, participate in a contest or promotion, communicate with us via third party social media sites, request customer support or otherwise communicate with us. The types of information we may collect include:
personal identifiers, such as your name, email address, postal address, and telephone number;
event details, including event location information;
online identifiers, such as unique personal identifier, device identifier, IP address, and account login information as well as profile data, such as the username and password that you may set to establish an online account on the Service with us, biographical details, photograph, links to your profiles on social networks, interests, preferences, information about your participation in our contests, promotions, or surveys, and any other information that you add to your account profile;
communications that we exchange with you, including when you contact us through the Service, social media, or otherwise;
visual information, such as photos, videos, other visual information and other user-generated content, such as profile pictures, photos, images, music, videos, comments, questions, messages, works of authorship, and other content or information that you generate, transmit, or otherwise make available on the Service, as well as associated metadata.  Metadata includes information on how, when, where and by whom a piece of content was collected and how that content has been formatted or edited.  Metadata also includes information that users can add or can have added to their content, such as keywords, geographical or location information, and other similar data; and
other information you choose to provide, which we will use as described in this Privacy Policy or as otherwise disclosed at the time of collection.
Information We Collect Automatically When You Use the Services
When you access or use our Services, we automatically collect information about you, including:
Log Information: We log information about your use of the Services, including the type of browser you use, access times, pages viewed, links clicked, non-sensitive text entered when responding to an invitation, mouse movements, your IP address and the page you visited before navigating to our Services. For more information, see Analytics Services Provided by Third Parties.
Device Information: We collect information about the computer or mobile device you use to access our Services, including the hardware model, operating system and version, device identifiers and mobile network information.
Information About Your Contacts: When you give your permission, we may collect certain information  from your contacts on your mobile device and social media accounts, such as your contacts’ name, email addresses and phone numbers.
Information Collected by Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
We use various technologies to collect information, and this may include sending cookies to your computer or mobile device. Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive or in device memory that helps us to improve our Service and your experience, see which areas and features of our Service are popular and count visits. We may also collect information using web beacons (also known as "tracking pixels"). Web beacons are electronic images that may be used in our Service or emails and help deliver cookies, count visits, understand usage and campaign effectiveness and determine whether an email has been opened and acted upon. We use tracking technologies to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, and better understand your activity when using our Services. For more information about cookies, and how to disable them, please see "Your Choices" below.
Information We Collect From Other Sources
We may also obtain information from other sources and combine that with information we collect through our Services. For example, if you create or log into your account through a social media site, we will have access to certain information from that site, such as your name, account information and friends lists, in accordance with the authorization procedures determined by such social media site.
Use of Information:
We may use information we collect for various purposes, including to:
Provide, maintain and improve our Service;
Enable you to invite and share information with your friends, family and other guests;
Provide and deliver the products and services you request, process transactions and send you related information;
Send you notifications, technical notices, updates, security alerts and support and administrative messages;
Respond to your comments, questions and requests and provide customer service;
Communicate with you about product and service offerings and features;
Monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities in connection with our Services;
Personalize and improve the Services and provide information, content or features that match Couple's profiles or interests or that are relevant to the Couple's event location;
Process and deliver contest entries and rewards;
Create anonymous, aggregated, or de-identified data;
Link or combine with information we get from others to help understand your needs and provide you with better service; and
Carry out any other purpose for which the information was collected or for which you provided your consent or direction.
Joy is based in the United States and the information we collect is governed by U.S. law.
We generally retain personal information to fulfill the purposes for which we collected it, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements, to establish or defend legal claims, or for fraud prevention purposes.  To determine the appropriate retention period for personal information, we may consider factors such as the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal information, the purposes for which we process your personal information and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
When we no longer require the personal information we have collected about you, we may either delete it, anonymize it, or isolate it from further processing.
Sharing of Information:
We may share information about you as follows or as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy:
With vendors, consultants and other service providers who need access to such information to carry out work on our behalf;
In response to a request for information if we believe disclosure is in accordance with any applicable law, regulation or legal process, or as otherwise required by any applicable law, rule or regulation;
If we believe your actions are inconsistent with the spirit or language of our user agreements or policies, or to protect the rights, property and safety of Joy or others;
In connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company; and
With your consent or at your direction, including if we notify you through our Services that the information you provide will be shared in a particular manner and you provide such information.
We may also share with third parties aggregated or anonymized information that does not directly identify you.
When you create an event, certain information about you and your event is publicly available on the public page of the event, including the host names, event date, colors, themes, and welcome messages. In addition, when you post comments, photos or content on the Service with respect to an event, it will be available to other users in accordance with the privacy settings established by the user who created the applicable event page.
We make commercially reasonable efforts to verify that the parties with whom our mobile application shares personal information provide a level of protection of personal information consistent with the practices described in this Privacy Policy, except that all such parties described above other than service providers and affiliates may, to the extent permitted by law, use personal information as described in their own privacy policies.
Social Sharing Features:
The Service may offer social sharing features and other integrated tools (such as the Facebook "Like" button), which let you share actions you take on our Services with other media, and vice versa. The use of such features enables the sharing of information with your friends or the public, depending on the settings you establish with the entity that provides the social sharing feature. For more information about the purpose and scope of data collection and processing in connection with social sharing features, please visit the privacy policies of the entities that provide these features.
Analytics Services Provided by Third Parties:
We engage third parties to provide analytics services across our website and in our mobile applications. These entities may use cookies, web beacons, device identifiers, and other technologies to collect information about your use of our Services and other websites and applications, including your IP address, web browser, mobile network information, pages viewed, time spent on pages or in mobile applications, links clicked, and conversion information. This information may be used by us and others to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, and better understand your online activity.
For example, we use third party services provided by FullStory that employ software code to record users’ interactions with the Services in a manner that allows us to watch DVR-like replays of those user sessions. The replays include users’ clicks, mobile app touches, mouse movements, and scrolls during those sessions.  These replays help us diagnose usability problems and identify areas for improvement.  You can learn more about FullStory at
https://www.fullstory.com/legal/privacy-policy
, and you can opt-out of session recording by FullStory at
https://www.fullstory.com/optout/
.
As another example, we partner with Microsoft Clarity and Microsoft Advertising to capture how you use and interact with our website through behavioral metrics, heatmaps, and session replay to improve and market our products/services. Website usage data is captured using first and third-party cookies and other tracking technologies to determine the popularity of products/services and online activity. Additionally, we use this information for site optimization, fraud/security purposes, and advertising. For more information about how Microsoft collects and uses your data, visit
https://privacy.microsoft.com/privacystatement
. If you’d like to opt-out of Microsoft Clarity visit
https://optout.aboutads.info/
.
Security:
We employ safeguards designed to protect the personal information we collect.  However, security risk is inherent in all internet and information technologies, and we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information
Your Choices:
Account Information.
You may update, correct or delete information from your account at any time through your account or emailing us at
moc.yojhtiw@ycavirpatad
. Such deletion will not affect any information or content associated with the event page of another user. If you wish to delete or deactivate your account, please email us at
moc.yojhtiw@ycavirpatad
, but note that we may retain certain information as required by law or for legitimate business purposes. We may also retain backup or archived copies of information about you for a certain period of time.
Contact Information.
When you launch the Service, you will be asked to consent to the application's collection of contact information. If you initially consent to our collection of contact information, you can subsequently stop the collection of this information at any time by changing the settings/preferences on your mobile device. You may also stop our collection of this information by following the standard uninstall process to remove our mobile applications from your device.
Cookies.
Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject browser cookies. Removing or rejecting browser cookies does not necessarily affect third party flash cookies used in connection with our Services. To delete or disable flash cookies please visit www.adobe.com/products/flashplayer/security for more information. Please note that if you choose to remove or reject cookies, this could affect the availability and functionality of our Services.
Contact Us:
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
moc.yojhtiw@ycavirpatad
.
Information you provide to us
We collect the personal information you provide to us when you purchase our products or visit our website. The categories of information we may collect include:
Personal Identifiers, including name, email address, postal address, telephone number, and online Identifiers
Internet Activity
Commercial Information, including purchases
Financial Information, including credit or debit card number and account security or access credentials
Location Information, including general location data
Physical and Audio Data, including photos and video recordings
Financial Information, including account security or access credentials
Browser Cookies
We use cookies to create a better experience for you on our site. For example, cookies prevent you from having to login repeatedly, and they help us remember items you've added to your cart. We also use third-party cookies, which are cookies placed by third parties for advertising and analytics purposes. You can control these cookies through your browser settings.
How long we keep your data
We do not retain data for any longer than is necessary for the purposes described in this Policy.
We generally retain data according to the guidelines below.
Data Retention Periods
Type of Data
Retention Period
Cookies and online data we collect while you use our website, including Online Identifiers, Internet Activity
We store your data in an anonymized manner with regard to the  data concerning your use of our website
Data we collect in order to process and ship orders you place with us, including Name, Email address, Postal address, Telephone number, Purchases, Credit or debit card number
We keep personal information related to products and services you purchase for as long as the personal data is required for us to fulfill our contract with you.
Data we collect when you contact us for customer support and other inquiries, including Name, Email address
We keep customer feedback and correspondence with our customer service to help us respond to any questions or complaints .
Data we collect when you sign up for promotional and marketing communications, including Name, Email address, Online Identifiers, Purchases
Where you have signed up to receive promotional and marketing communications from us, we will retain any data collected until you opt out or request its deletion. We may keep data beyond this period in anonymized form. We will further retain a record of any opt-outs in order to prevent sending you future communications.
Data we collect when you review our products, answer surveys, or send feedback, including Name, Email address, Purchases
We retain review, survey, and feedback data to help improve our products and services.
Data we collect in connection with privacy requests, including Name, Email address, Purchases, Photos, Video recordings
We retain records related to privacy requests as long as necessary to comply with our legal obligations.
Why we process your information
We process personal information for the following business and commercial purposes:
Analyzing Data
Conducting Surveys
Creating Customer Profiles
Data Storage
Delivering Targeted Ads
Fulfilling Customer Orders
Improving our Products & Services
Marketing Our Products & Services
Operating our Website or Mobile Apps
Processing Payments
Providing Customer Support
Sending Promotional Communications
Tracking Purchases & Customer Data
How we disclose your information
We may disclose personal information about you for business and commercial purposes when you purchase our products or visit our website:
Personal Information Sharing Categories
Personal Information Category
Categories of Service Providers
Categories of Third Parties
Personal Identifiers
Business Operations Tool, Commerce Software Tools, Customer Support Tools, Cybersecurity Providers, Data Analytics Providers, Governance, Risk & Compliance Software, IT Infrastructure Services, Payment Processors, and Sales & Marketing Tools
Ad Networks, Affiliates, Data Analytics Providers, Shipping Services, and None
Internet Activity
Business Operations Tool, Commerce Software Tools, Customer Support Tools, IT Infrastructure Services, and Sales & Marketing Tools
Ad Networks and Data Analytics Providers
Commercial Information
Commerce Software Tools and Payment Processors
None
Financial Information
Commerce Software Tools, Cybersecurity Providers, Governance, Risk & Compliance Software, IT Infrastructure Services, and Payment Processors
Ad Networks and None
Physical and Audio Data
Business Operations Tool, IT Infrastructure Services, and Sales & Marketing Tools
None
EEA/UK (GDPR)
This section provides additional information for people in the European Economic Area (EEA) or United Kingdom (UK). The terms used in this section have the same meaning as in the General Data Protection Regulation and the UK Data Protection Act (GDPR). The term “personal information”  as used in this notice has the same meaning as “personal data” in the GDPR.
Collection and Disclosure of Personal Data
The personal data we collect and how we share it is described above in our Privacy Policy.
We may disclose your personal information to the following third party controllers for business purposes:Facebook Ads, Travel Affiliates, Domain Affiliates, Registry Affiliates, Google Ads, Criteo Dynamic Retargeting, Microsoft Ads. To understand how these parties handle your data, please refer to their respectiveprivacy policies.
Cookie Notice
We use cookies to improve your experience on our site and to allow us and third parties to personalize the marketing content you see on other websites and social media. Website visitors from European Privacy Law regions can control cookie settings.
Manage your region specific consent settings here
.
Essential Cookies
We use these cookies for things like security, logins, site errors, and processing payments. We can't turn these necessary cookies off, but you can control them in your browser.
List of Essential Cookies
Cookie Name
Provider
Duration
Analytics Cookies
These cookies tell us how you use our sites and apps, and provide information to help us improve your experience.
List of Analytics Cookies
Cookie Name
Provider
Duration
joyWsid
Segment
Session
Personalization Cookies
We do not use cookies to personalize content for you.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies help us decide which products, services and offers may be relevant for you. We use this data to customize the marketing content you see on websites, apps and social media, and to measure your interactions with that content. We might use these cookies to advertise our products to you when you visit other websites.
List of Advertising Cookies
Cookie Name
Provider
Duration
joyWsid
Segment
Session
Lawful Bases and Legitimate Interests
We process personal data on the following lawful bases:
Complying with legal obligations
Fulfilling contracts
Consent
Legitimate interests
Where we process personal data on the basis of our legitimate interests, we pursue the following interests: Creating Customer Profiles, Improving our Products & Services, Operating our Website or Mobile Apps, Providing Customer Support, Data Storage, Sending Promotional Communications, Tracking Purchases & Customer Data, Delivering Targeted Ads, Marketing Our Products & Services, Processing Payments, Fulfilling Customer Orders, Analyzing Data, and Conducting Surveys.
International Data Transfers
We may send the personal data of individuals in the EEA/UK to third countries, including the United States, where it may be stored or processed, for example on our service providers’ cloud servers. When we transfer personal data, we rely either on Adequacy Decisions as adopted by the European Commission (EC) or the UK Information Commissioner's Office (ICO) on the basis of Article 45 of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (GDPR), the EU-US Data Privacy Framework and UK-US Data Bridge agreements, Standard Contractual Clauses (SCCs) issued by the EC or International Data Transfer Agreements (IDTAs) approved by the ICO. Data protection authorities have determined that the SCCs and IDTAs provide sufficient safeguards to protect personal data transferred outside the EEA/UK. You may read more about international data transfer mechanisms at the following links:
https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/international-dimension-data-protection/standard-contractual-clauses-scc_en
https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/guide-to-data-protection/guide-to-the-general-data-protection-regulation-gdpr/international-data-transfer-agreement-and-guidance/
Privacy Rights
Individuals in the EEA/UK have the following rights regarding their personal data.
Make a Privacy Request by clicking here
. Once you submit a request, we will verify your identity and process your request in most cases within 30 days.
Right to access.
You have the right to request a copy of the personal data we hold about you.
Right of portability.
You have the right to ask us to transfer your data to another party.
Right to rectification.
You have the right to request that we rectify any incorrect information we have about you.
Right of erasure.
You have the right to request that we erase (delete) any personal information we hold about you.
Right to withdraw consent.
You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time when we rely on your permission to process your personal data.
Right to object.
You have the right to object to our use of data about you.
Right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
You have a right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority. For more information, you can visit theInformation Commissioner’s Office website at
https://ico.org.uk/
, or see a list of EU Data Protection Authorities at
https://www.gdprregister.eu/gdpr/dpa-gdpr/
.
Inquiries
Controller contact information
Joy
moc.yojhtiw@ycavirpatad