Privacy Policy of Shift Calendar
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Shift Calendar collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User”) of Shift Calendar.
Non-personal identification information
When you send emails to the developer, the App version will be included. This is used for the developer to know what version you use. This information helps the developer to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from users in a variety of ways. When you send an email to the developer, your email address will be known by the developer. (However, the develop will not store your email.) When you leave some comments on the Facebook fans page, your Facebook name will be known by the developer. When you use the cloud shift function, you have to register an account with your email address. Thus, your email address will also be known by the developer. (The cloud function is disabled for users in EEA now.) Note that Shift Calendar will NOT know your password of your Gmail account. When you use the cloud shift function, you need an ID. This ID can be searched by anyone so that your friends can use this ID to find you and your Gmail account can be protected that is nobody will know your Gmail account.
Shift Calendar will protect your personal information. Your personal information will NOT be known by any third-party.
Advertising
Non-personalized ads are targeted using contextual information rather than the past behavior of you. Although these ads don’t use cookies for ads personalization, they do use cookies to allow for frequency capping, aggregated ad reporting, and to combat fraud and abuse. Consent is therefore required to use cookies for those purposes. Ads appearing in our Apps, a consent dialog will be displayed for European Economic Area (EEA) users to select personalized or non-personalized ads type. Ads appearing on our Apps may be delivered to Users by advertising partners, who may use of an advertising id on your mobile device. These ids allow the ad server to recognize your computer or mobile device each time they send you an online advertisement to compile non personal identification information about you or others who use your computer or mobile device. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This privacy policy does not cover the use of ids by any advertisers. Apps published on Google Play may make use of the advertising identifier on your mobile device for advertising purposes in accordance with Google Play Policy. The advertising identifier may be used by advertisers to track user interaction with ads unless the user opts out of this capability using their device’s advertising identifier settings. Apps published on Google Play on or after August 1st 2014, will make exclusive use of the advertising identifier on your mobile device for all advertising purposes.
Users may find advertising in Shift Calendar that link to the sites and services of advertisers or other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from Shift Calendar. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to Shift Calendar, is subject to that website’s own terms and policies.
Changes to this privacy policy
Shift Calendar may update this privacy policy at any time. It is suggested that you can check this page frequently for any changes.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using Shift Calendar, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use Shift Calendar Your continued use of the Shift Calendar following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can contact the develop by kigurumi.shia@gmail.com
Updated Date: May 30, 2018