4 GEN BILGI TEKNOLOJILERI SANAYI TICARET LIMITED SIRKETI : PRIVACY & COOKIES POLICY
This is the Privacy & Cookies Policy of 4 GEN BILGI TEKNOLOJILERI SANAYI TICARET LIMITED SIRKETI.All Rights Reserved.

If you have any queries about this Policy, please contact 4 GEN BILGI TEKNOLOJILERI SANAYI TICARET LIMITED SIRKETI using the contact details below.

Who this Policy applies to : By playing the Games or visiting the Website you are agreeing to be bound by this Policy in respect of the information collected about you. 4 GEN BILGI TEKNOLOJILERI SANAYI TICARET LIMITED SIRKETI may change this Policy at any time.This Policy applies to the following people: people who use the Games and job applicants and former employees
People who use the Games:

4 GEN BILGI TEKNOLOJILERI SANAYI TICARET LIMITED SIRKETI will collect the following information from you when you use the Games:

-If you sign into one of the Games through a social network information that network may allow information about you to be accessed by 4 GEN BILGI TEKNOLOJILERI SANAYI TICARET LIMITED SIRKETI. For example on Facebook, your Facebook ID, email address, information relating to your friends, profile picture, gender, language, geo-location or the device you are using. However, you can change what information 4 GEN BILGI TEKNOLOJILERI SANAYI TICARET LIMITED SIRKETI can access by changing your privacy features on such social networks;
-If you sign up to one of the Games, we may collect your name, your e-mail address and device you are using; 
-information in relation to your purchases 
-information collected by 4 GEN BILGI TEKNOLOJILERI SANAYI TICARET LIMITED SIRKETI use of cookies (Detailed Below Table 1)
What if 4 GEN BILGI TEKNOLOJILERI SANAYI TICARET LIMITED SIRKETI cannot collect this information:

-You can use privacy settings on your social networks to prevent us collecting certain of the above information about you. If you still have concerns about the information we collect please contact us at any time by sending an e-mail to 4genbt(at)gmail.com
Financial Information:

-Your purchase and in-app purchases within the Games are handled through the platform on which you purchased the Game or through other payment processors (e.g. the Apple App Store, Google Play). 4 GEN BILGI TEKNOLOJILERI SANAYI TICARET LIMITED SIRKETI does not retain any card or payment details, although 4 GEN BILGI TEKNOLOJILERI SANAYI TICARET LIMITED SIRKETI does keep a record of your purchases and your aggregate spending.
People who contact to 4 GEN BILGI TEKNOLOJILERI SANAYI TICARET LIMITED SIRKETI by email

-4 GEN BILGI TEKNOLOJILERI SANAYI TICARET LIMITED SIRKETI will only use this information to process the complaint and to check on 4 GEN BILGI TEKNOLOJILERI SANAYI TICARET LIMITED SIRKETI services and staff.
How 4 GEN BILGI TEKNOLOJILERI SANAYI TICARET LIMITED SIRKETI uses collected information from people who play the Games:

4 GEN BILGI TEKNOLOJILERI SANAYI TICARET LIMITED SIRKETI may use your information to:
facilitate the improvement of the Games and your experience of the Games;
prevent fraud or illegal activities;
provide technical support in relation to player enquires, resolving disputes, collecting fees and troubleshooting;
complete your transactions;
share with third parties for the purposes as described in paragraph below.
Sharing information with third parties :

-4 GEN BILGI TEKNOLOJILERI SANAYI TICARET LIMITED SIRKETI will not pass your information to third party advertisers for them to market to you other than as described in this paragraph. subject to its obligations to comply with applicable data protection legislation, share your information with third parties including:

as part of the Games your information (for example your name, profile picture or user ID) may be posted on a Leaderboard of top scorers within the Game to be shared with other players and your social networks. You may also share elements of your performance or participation in the Games (e.g. your personal car design) with other players and your social networks;
in anonymised form with data aggregators and service providers as part of an analysis of player metrics or sales performance; or
with law enforcement agencies in compliance with law enforcement.
Security:

-4 GEN BILGI TEKNOLOJILERI SANAYI TICARET LIMITED SIRKETI has implemented technology and policies to safeguard your privacy from unauthorised access and improper use.4 GEN BILGI TEKNOLOJILERI SANAYI TICARET LIMITED SIRKETI has implemented technology and policies to safeguard your privacy from unauthorised access and improper use
Third Party Cookies:

-Third Party advertisers may place or read cookies on your browser or device in the Games. This Policy is applicable only to the use of cookies by 4 GEN BILGI TEKNOLOJILERI SANAYI TICARET LIMITED SIRKETI and does not cover the use of cookie by any third parties (including advertisers ).
4 GEN BILGI TEKNOLOJILERI SANAYI TICARET LIMITED SIRKETI's Policy towards children:

-4 GEN BILGI TEKNOLOJILERI SANAYI TICARET LIMITED SIRKETI's Games are intended for anyone who is legally entitled to own a device that access them and play them and anyone who is legally entitled to make in-app purchases by the payment functionality the Games provide. However, 4 GEN BILGI TEKNOLOJILERI SANAYI TICARET LIMITED SIRKETI does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information in relation to children under the age of 13.
Cookies:

What are Cookies? Cookies are small text files that are placed on your device when you play a Game. 4 GEN BILGI TEKNOLOJILERI SANAYI TICARET LIMITED SIRKETI's use of cookies is detailed below. Session cookies enable you to move from page to page within websites, Facebook or Games and any information you enter will be remembered but is deleted when you close your browser or after a short time. Persistent cookies allow us to remember your preferences and settings when you play the Games in the future, in different browser sessions.
Contact details:

Google, one of our third-party advertisers, may add a cookie to determine targeted advertisements based on your preferences and your visit to our site and other sites on the internet. You can choose to opt out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.

Google Analytics 4 GEN BILGI TEKNOLOJILERI SANAYI TICARET LIMITED SIRKETI uses Google Analytics cookies to collect information about how visitors use the Website, which 4 GEN BILGI TEKNOLOJILERI SANAYI TICARET LIMITED SIRKETI use to help improve it. These cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the Website, where visitors have come to the Website from and the pages they visited.
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/

Performance Cookies 4 GEN BILGI TEKNOLOJILERI SANAYI TICARET LIMITED SIRKETI uses persistent cookies and session cookies to, for example, assist in the navigation around the Games, to enhance your use of the Games and to support graphic and video features;

Analytics Cookies 4 GEN BILGI TEKNOLOJILERI SANAYI TICARET LIMITED SIRKETI uses cookies to collect information about how you use our games including information such as how long you are on particular pages, how often you use our games, what you do, what you view and what you buy in our games

We respect your privacy. We won’t use your E-mail id and name other than sending you news letter ( if you have subscribed ) or contact you in reference to any issue which is currently open or was open in past between you and 4 GEN BILGI TEKNOLOJILERI SANAYI TICARET LIMITED SIRKETI.

We won’t share your personal data e.g. E-mail id, Contact Number with any third party which is not related with 4 GEN BILGI TEKNOLOJILERI SANAYI TICARET LIMITED SIRKETI.

We display some paid advertisement on the website,which may lead you to some external website. We are not responsible for the content of the external website.

Google, one of our third-party advertisers, may add a cookie to determine targeted advertisements based on your preferences and your visit to our site and other sites on the internet. You can choose to opt out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting the
Google ad and content network privacy policy
.

We collect the following categories of your personal information and may sell it to third parties: identifiers, commercial information, internet or other electronic network activity information, geolocation data, and inferences drawn from these categories.

http://www.heyzap.com/legal/privacy
https://support.google.com/admob/answer/6128543?hl=en

You can send us an email to 4genbt(at)gmail.com for your personal data deletion requests.

Copyright 2017,
http:/4genit.com
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads/:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Technologies
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
How Google uses cookies
How Google uses location information
How Google uses credit card numbers for payments
How Google Voice works
Google Product Privacy Guide
How Google retains data we collect
Advertising
Advertising keeps Google and many of the websites and services you use free of charge. We work hard to make sure that ads are safe, unobtrusive, and as relevant as possible. For example, you won’t see pop-up ads on Google, and we terminate the accounts of hundreds of thousands of publishers and advertisers that violate our policies each year – including ads containing malware, ads for counterfeit goods, or ads that attempt to misuse your personal information.
Google advertising services are experimenting with new ways of supporting the delivery and measurement of digital advertising in ways that better protect people’s privacy online via the
Privacy Sandbox
initiative on Chrome and Android. Users with the relevant Privacy Sandbox settings enabled in Chrome or Android may see relevant ads from Google’s advertising services based on
Topics
or
Protected Audience
data stored on their browser or mobile device. Google’s advertising services may also measure ad performance using
Attribution Reporting
data stored on their browser or mobile device.
More information on the Privacy Sandbox
.
How Google uses cookies in advertising
Cookies help to make advertising more effective. Without cookies, it’s harder for an advertiser to reach its audience, or to know how many ads were shown and how many clicks they received.
Many websites, such as news sites and blogs, partner with Google to show ads to their visitors. Working with our partners, we may use cookies for a number of purposes, such as to stop you from seeing the same ad over and over again, to detect and stop click fraud, and to show ads that are likely to be more relevant (such as ads based on websites you have visited).
We store a record of the ads we serve in our logs. These
server logs
typically include your web request, IP address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser or, if you are signed-in, that may uniquely identify you. We store this data for a number of reasons, the most important of which are to improve our services and to maintain the security of our systems. We anonymize this log data by removing part of the IP address (after 9 months) and cookie information (after 18 months).
Our advertising cookies
To help our partners manage their advertising and websites, we offer many products, including AdSense, AdWords, Google Analytics, and a range of DoubleClick-branded services. When you visit a page or see an ad that uses one of these products, either on Google services or on other sites and apps, various cookies may be sent to your browser.
These may be set from a few different domains, including google.com, doubleclick.net, googlesyndication.com, or googleadservices.com, or the domain of our partners’ sites. Some of our advertising products enable our partners to use other services in conjunction with ours (like an ad measurement and reporting service), and these services may send their own cookies to your browser. These cookies will be set from their domains.
See more detail about the
types of cookies used by Google
and our partners and
how we use them
.
How you can control advertising cookies
You can use
ad settings
to manage the Google ads you see and turn off personalized ads. Even if you turn off personalized ads, you may still see ads based on factors such as your general location derived from your IP address, your browser type, and your search terms.
You can also manage many companies’ cookies used for online advertising via the consumer choice tools created under self-regulation programs in many countries, such as the US-based
aboutads.info choices
page or the EU-based
Your Online Choices
.
Finally, you can
manage cookies in your web browser
.
Other technologies used in advertising
Google’s advertising systems may use other technologies, including Flash and HTML5, for functions like display of interactive ad formats. We may use the
IP address
, for example, to identify your general location, to measure the effectiveness of ads, and, depending on your settings, to improve the relevance of the ads you see. We may also select advertising based on information about your computer or device, such as the time and date, your device model, browser type, or sensors in your device like the accelerometer.
Location
Google’s ad products may receive or infer information about your location from a variety of sources. For example, we may use the IP address to identify your general location; we may receive precise location from your mobile device; we may infer your location from your search queries; and websites or apps that you use may send information about your location to us.  Google uses location information in our ads products to infer demographic information, to improve the relevance of the ads you see, to measure ad performance and to report aggregate statistics to advertisers.
Advertising identifiers for mobile apps
To serve ads in services where cookie technology may not be available (for example, in mobile applications), we may use technologies that perform similar functions to cookies. Sometimes Google links the identifier used for advertising on mobile applications to an advertising cookie on the same device in order to coordinate ads across your mobile apps and mobile browser. This can happen, for example, when you see an ad within an app that launches a web page in your mobile browser. This also helps us improve the reports we give to our advertisers on the effectiveness of their campaigns.
Ads you see on your device may be personalized based on its Advertising ID. On Android devices, you can:
Reset your device’s advertising ID
, which replaces the current ID with a new one. Apps can still show you personalized ads, but for a while they may not be as relevant or interesting to you.
Delete your device’s advertising ID
, which deletes the advertising ID and doesn't assign a new one. Apps can still show you ads, but they may not be as relevant or interesting to you. You won't see ads based on this advertising ID, but you may still see ads based on other factors, like the information you’ve shared with apps.
To make changes to the advertising ID on your Android device, follow the instructions below.
Android
Reset your device’s advertising ID
To reset your device’s advertising ID:
On your Android device, go to
Settings
.
Tap
Privacy
>
Ads
.
Tap
Reset advertising ID
and confirm your changes.
Delete your device’s advertising ID
To delete your device’s advertising ID:
On your Android device, go to
Settings
.
Tap
Privacy
>
Ads
.
Tap
Delete advertising ID
and confirm your changes.
Your advertising ID will be reset or deleted, but apps may have their own settings using other types of identifiers, which can also affect the types of ads you see.
On some older versions of Android
If your Android device’s version is 4.4 or older:
Open
Settings
Tap
Privacy
>
Advanced
>
Ads
Turn on
Opt out of Ads Personalization
and confirm your changes.
iOS
Devices with iOS use Apple’s Advertising Identifier. To learn more about your choices for use of this identifier, visit the
Settings
app on your device.
Connected TV/Over-the-Top
Advertising identifiers for connected TV
Connected TVs are another area where cookie technology is not available, and, instead, Google will rely on device identifiers designed for use in advertising to serve ads. Many connected TV devices support an identifier for advertising that is similar in function to mobile device identifiers. These identifiers are built to give users the option to reset them or to opt out of personalized advertising entirely.
The following “Ads” settings are available on TVs with the following consistent language:
Reset advertising ID
Delete advertising ID
Opt out of Ads Personalization (on or off)
Ads by Google (links to About Google ad personalization)
Your advertising ID (long string)
These Ads settings are available in the following paths on Google TV and Android TV respectively.
Google TV
Consistent path to Ads:
Settings
Privacy
Ads
Android TV
Ads settings show up in one of two general paths for Android TV depending on the TV manufacturer/model. In Android TV, partners have the freedom to adapt the Settings path. It’s up to the partner which path they use to best fit their custom TV experience but below are the common paths to Ad settings.
Path A:
Settings
About
Legal Information
Ads
Path B:
Settings
Devices Preferences
About
Legal Information
Ads
Non-Google Devices
Many connected TV devices support identifiers for advertising and offer ways for users to opt out of personalized advertising. A full list of those devices, and ways users can opt out, is kept updated on the Network Advertising Initiative’s website here:
https://thenai.org/opt-out/connected-tv-choices/
.
What determines the ads by Google that I see?
Many decisions are made to determine which ad you see.
Sometimes the ad you see is based on your current or past location. Your IP address is usually a good indication of your approximate location. So you might see an ad on the homepage of YouTube.com that promotes a forthcoming movie in your country, or a search for ‘pizza’ might return results for pizza places in your town.
Sometimes the ad you see is based on the context of a page. If you’re looking at a page of gardening tips, you might see ads for gardening equipment.
Sometimes you might also see an ad on the web that’s based on your app activity or activity on Google services; an in-app ad that’s based on your web activity; or an ad based on your activity on another device.
Sometimes the ad you see on a page is served by Google but selected by another company. For example, you might have registered with a newspaper website. From information you’ve given the newspaper, it can make decisions about which ads to show you, and it can use Google’s ad serving products to deliver those ads.
The ad you see on a household device, such as a connected TV (such as a Smart TV), may be related to the web or app activity from devices within the same household.
You may also see ads on Google products and services, including Search, Gmail, and YouTube, based on information, such as your email address, that you provided to advertisers and the advertisers then shared with Google.
Why am I seeing ads by Google for products I’ve viewed?
You may see ads for products you previously viewed. Let’s suppose you visit a website that sells golf clubs, but you don’t buy those clubs on your first visit. The website owner might want to encourage you to return and complete your purchase. Google offers services that let website operators target their ads to people who visited their pages.
For this to work, Google either reads a cookie that’s already in your browser or places a cookie in your browser when you visit the golfing site (assuming your browser lets this happen).
When you visit another site that works with Google, which may have nothing to do with golfing, you might see an ad for those golf clubs. That’s because your browser sends Google the same cookie. In turn, we may use that cookie to serve you an ad that could encourage you to buy those golf clubs.
Your visit to the golfing site may also be used by Google to show you personalized ads when you later search for golf clubs on Google.
We do have restrictions on this type of ad. For example, we prohibit advertisers from selecting an audience based on sensitive information, such as health information or religious beliefs.
Learn more about
Google ads
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語