Privacy Policy
Crossrope, LLC ("Crossrope") respects your privacy, and is committed to safeguarding the information about you (“personal data”) you may share with us.
Crossrope’s Privacy Policy (hereinafter referred to as "The Policy") is designed to help you understand how we collect and use your personal data and help you make informed decisions when providing personal data to Crossrope as a visitor or registered user at
www.crossrope.com
and/or as a user of a Crossrope iOS or Android device application (an “App”).
The Policy also explains your rights in relation to your personal data and how to contact us or a relevant regulator if you have a complaint.
We collect, use and are responsible for certain personal data about you. When we do so we are subject to the data privacy laws of the country where you normally reside. In the European Union, this will be the General Data Protection Regulation ("
GDPR
").
By using this site or an App, you accept this privacy policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use the Crossrope site or an App. Your continued use of the site or an App following the posting of changes to these terms will mean that you accept those changes.
The Policy relates to your use of our website and Apps only.
Our website may provide links to third-party websites that are outside of our control and not covered by The Policy, e.g.
Facebook®
and
Twitter®
. Those third party websites may also gather information about you in accordance with their own separate privacy policies. We encourage you to review the privacy policies posted on these (and all) sites to learn about those sites policies and practices with respect to your personally identifying information.
If you have questions or concerns regarding The Policy, you should first contact us
here
.
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
THROUGH OUR WEBSITE
We only have access to collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We are the sole owners of the information collected on
www.crossrope.com
. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone other than as permitted by The Policy, or specifically authorized by you.
If you choose to register with us and create a user profile you are required to enter your name, email, and create a password. Additionally, you have the option of storing your shipping address.
Guest users are only required to provide as much information as is reasonably necessary to complete any transaction for which they have initiated, including an email address, billing, and shipping information. However, unlike a registered user who may opt to have billing and shipping information stored, guest users billing and shipping information will not be stored and will only be used for purposes of completing the transaction for which it was provided.
We will be using browser session data to store your shopping cart as well as your session while you browse the site. Your data will be stored only for that browser session. However, if you have logged in as registered user, then your activities will be saved by browser session and stored on the server with a session ID.
Additional network and location information collected may include type and version of browser used when you login to the online store, language, OS version, resolution, website operating elements, your web IP address, web browsing information, and geographic location, such as the region contained in the account information you have provided.
Like many companies, we monitor the use of the website by collecting aggregate information. No personal data are collected in this process. Typically, such information comprises customer demographics, traffic patterns, sales, and site usage. This information is used for our commercial purposes, including to improve usability, performance and effectiveness of the website.
We may also collect personal testimonials via surveys, questionnaires, reviews, or through our social media channels (Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, YouTube, Pinterest).
THROUGH APPS
When you use one of our Apps, you will be given the opportunity to create a “User Profile” and when you do so we may ask you to provide information about yourself such as an email address, weight, height, age, and location. Only your email address is required to set up a User Profile; the rest of the information that you may provide is optional. We use your weight, height, and age in order to calculate calorie count while using our products, so should you decline to provide us with that information, we may be unable to provide you with an accurate calorie count.
Once your User Profile is created, anytime you log on to the App, we will collect additional information and add it to your User Profile, such as the number of times you have logged on, the dates you logged on, fitness performance history (calories burned, number of jumps, etc.) and any other information that may be available from time to time. We will also track how you have rated our service so that we can continue to make improvements.
When you create an account and use our services, you acknowledge that some of your user profile information, such as your fitness performance history, may be personal to you, and by providing this information, you allow others, including Crossrope, to identify you and you may not be anonymous.
Our services include a "Community" feature with a "Leaderboard" that displays user achievements and milestones. If you choose to participate in the "Community" feature, you will be prompted to select a public or private profile. For new users, the default setting will be public. However, you will need to take explicit action to activate your public profile by clicking a button. This assures you that your profile won't become public without your knowledge or consent.
For any users who newly start to use “Community”, your profile will be set to public by default, which means that your workout results, which could include heart rate, calories, jumps, duration, time, etc., will be available for anyone to view and your Crossrope "Leaderboard" name will be visible to other participants. If you want to activate a public profile, you will need to do that explicitly. Existing “Community” users who have previously chosen a private profile will not be affected by the new default setting for new users, and will be private unless they explicitly change their profile to public.
If you choose a private profile, your workout results will only be available to people you explicitly invite to follow you and those who have followed you while you were public. Other registered Crossrope users will still be able to view your username and place on the Leaderboard, but they cannot see your fitness performance history unless you approve them as followers.
If you participate in the "Community" feature, you can end your participation at any time. You can also set your profile to private at any time, and you can remove other users from your followers.
Crossrope may offer publicly accessible blogs, social media pages, product review pages, private messages, video chat or community forums. You should be aware that, when you disclose information about yourself on Crossrope’s blogs, social media pages, product review pages, private messages, community forums, and within video chat sessions, Crossrope may collect the information you provide in such submissions, including any personal data.
In addition to information you provide directly, we may receive information about you from other sources, including through third party services and organizations, to supplement information provided by you. For example, when using our App, we will receive standard information analytics, including the device you are using to access the App, its operating system, and your location. In addition, if you access our services through social media sites such as
Facebook®
, we may collect information about you from that third-party application that you have made public via your privacy settings. Information we collect through social media accounts may include your name, your social media site user identification number, your username, location, gender, birth date, email, profile picture and your social media contacts. This supplemental information allows us to verify information that you have provided to Crossrope and to enhance our ability to provide you with information about our business, products and services.
SOCIAL FEATURES AND USER-GENERATED CONTENT
1. Social Features and User-Generated Content
Our app includes social features that allow users to join teams, post comments, and share workout activity with other users. By participating in these features, users may encounter user-generated content, which is not fully controlled by Crossrope. While we provide moderation tools and in-app reporting options, we cannot guarantee that all content will be appropriate for all users at all times.
Comments and Workout Sharing:
Users’ workout activity and comments within teams will be visible to other team members. Public team content may be visible to new members as they join.
Inappropriate Content:
Crossrope takes moderation seriously and provides tools to report inappropriate users and content. We encourage users to report any violations via the app or by contacting
support@crossrope.com
.
User Responsibility:
Users are responsible for their own comments and shared content. We urge users to exercise caution when posting personal information in any public or team-based feature.
2. Children’s Privacy
Crossrope’s app is not intended for children under the age of 13 without parental supervision. We encourage parents and guardians to monitor their child’s use of the app, particularly social features that allow for interaction with other users.
Potential Exposure:
While we strive to maintain a positive and safe environment, children using the app may be exposed to inappropriate content posted by other users.
Parental Guidance:
Parents are responsible for overseeing their child’s participation in teams and reporting any inappropriate content.
Reporting Issues:
If you encounter any inappropriate content, please report it immediately using the in-app reporting feature or by contacting
support@crossrope.com
.
3. Data Use for Moderation
To ensure compliance with our community guidelines and terms of service, Crossrope may review user-generated content for moderation purposes.
Content Moderation:
We reserve the right to review, edit, or remove any user-generated content that violates our terms or community standards.
Data Retention:
Reports of inappropriate content and related data may be retained to ensure compliance and improve our community safety measures.
By participating in teams or social features within the Crossrope app, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agreed to these terms. Failure to comply may result in removal from teams or suspension of social features.
HOW IS THE INFORMATION OBTAINED BY CROSSROPE USED?
Whether you visit
www.crossrope.com
as a guest, register as a user and create a profile, or sign up for service through an App, your information is used to:
provide the service or transaction you requested;
generally manage individual information and accounts;
respond to questions, comments, and other requests;
provide access to certain areas, functionalities, and features of our services;
assist with monitoring your performance, fitness and health related statistics and usage trends, including calorie count, number of jumps, etc.;
personalize exercise and activity goals for you based on your settings and your historical exercise or activity data;
communicate with you about logistical matters, including product deliveries and product servicing visits; and review and contact you to answer requests for technical support. We may also use your information for administrative purposes, including to:
measure interest in our services;
develop new products and services;
ensure quality control;
verify individual identity;
communicate about individual accounts and activities on our services and systems, and, in our discretion, changes to any of our policies;
send emails or text messages to the email address or telephone number you provide to us to verify your account and for informational and operational purposes, such as account management, customer service, delivery updates, or system maintenance;
process payment(s) for products or services purchased; and
maintain and administer our services.
Any comments, statuses, updates, +1, tweets, etc that you voluntarily share on a Crossrope social media page may appear on
www.crossrope.com
in the scrolling bar that shows activity on our pages or profiles.
Personal testimonials shared voluntarily may be used within emails and website pages.
We may collect and share personal data when we have a good faith belief that access, use, or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to satisfy any applicable law, rule, regulation, or enforceable governmental or administrative request, enforce our applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations, detect, prevent, or address fraud, security or technical issues, or protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Crossrope, our users or the public.
Our use of your personal data other than for the purpose of completing a requested transaction or service is on an opt-in basis. This means that you will not receive communications from us regarding, for example, specials, new products or new services, unless you have given us affirmative permission to receive such communications.
If you contact or use our sites by way of an affiliate link of the Jump Rope Dudes or Zen Dude Fitness, LLC, we may share your personal data with that affiliate, who will use your information in accordance with the terms of its privacy policy located at
www.jumpropedudes.com/new-page-28
.
HOW AND WHY WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
Under applicable data privacy law, we can only use your personal data if we have a proper reason (known as a “legal basis”), for example:
where you have given consent
to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations
for the performance of a contract with you or to take steps at your request before entering into a contract, or
for our legitimate interests or those of a third party
In most cases, the legal basis for our processing of your personal data will be to perform our contract with you, or because it is in our legitimate interests, for example to prevent fraud. This is set out in the table below.
What we use your personal data for
Our reasons
Create and manage your account with us
To perform our contract with you or to take steps at your request before entering into a contract]
Providing products and/or services to you
To perform our contract with you or to take steps at your request before entering into a contract
Conducting checks to identify you and verify your identity or to help prevent and detect fraud against you or us
For our legitimate interests or those of a third party, ie to minimise fraud that could be damaging for you and/or us
To enforce legal rights or defend or undertake legal proceedings
Depending on the circumstances:
—to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations
—in other cases, for our legitimate interests or those of a third party, ie to protect our business, interests and rights or those of others
Customise our website and its content to your particular preferences based on a record of your selected preferences or on your use of our website
Depending on the circumstances:
—your consent as gathered. See ‘
Cookies
’ below
—where we are not required to obtain your consent and do not do so, for our legitimate interests or those of a third party, ie to be as efficient as we can so we can deliver the best service to you at the best price
Retaining and evaluating information on your recent visits to our website and how you move around different sections of our website for analytics purposes. This helps us to understand how people use our website so that we can make it more intuitive or to check our website is working as intended
Depending on the circumstances:
—your consent as gathered - see ‘
Cookies
below
—where we are not required to obtain your consent and do not do so, for our legitimate interests or those of a third party, ie to be as efficient as we can so we can deliver the best service to you at the best price
Communications with you not related to marketing, including about changes to our terms or policies or changes to the [products AND/OR services] or other important notices
Depending on the circumstances:
—to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations
—in other cases, for our legitimate interests or those of a third party, ie to be as efficient as we can so we can deliver the best service to you at the best price
Protecting the security of systems and data
To comply with our legal and regulatory obligations
We may also use your personal data to ensure the security of systems and data to a standard that goes beyond our legal obligations, and in those cases our reasons are for our legitimate interests or those of a third party, ie to protect systems and data and to prevent and detect criminal activity that could be damaging for you and/or us
Statistical analysis to help us manage our business, eg in relation to our financial performance, customer base, product range or other efficiency measures
For our legitimate interests or those of a third party, ie to be as efficient as we can so we can deliver the best service to you at the best price
Updating and enhancing customer records
Depending on the circumstances:
—to perform our contract with you or to take steps at your request before entering into a contract
—to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations
—where neither of the above apply, for our legitimate interests or those of a third party, eg making sure that we can keep in touch with our customers about existing orders and new products
Disclosures and other activities necessary to comply with legal and regulatory obligations that apply to our business, eg to record and demonstrate evidence of your consents where relevant
To comply with our legal and regulatory obligations
Marketing our services to existing and former customers
For our legitimate interests or those of a third party, ie to promote our business to existing and former customers
See ‘
Marketing
’ below for further information
External audits and quality checks, eg for the audit of our accounts
For our legitimate interests or a those of a third party, ie to maintain our accreditations so we can demonstrate we operate at the highest standards
To share your personal data with members of our group and third parties in connection with a significant corporate transaction or restructuring, including a merger, acquisition, asset sale, initial public offering or in the event of our insolvency
In such cases information will be anonymised where possible and only shared where necessary
Depending on the circumstances:
—to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations
—in other cases, for our legitimate interests or those of a third party, ie to protect, realise or grow the value in our business and assets
For Android users who choose to give us access through Google Fit, we access the user's height, weight, and age so we can accurately calculate calories burned in a workout. For those users, we also write the information about completed workouts to Google Fit so users can track their activity.
To accurately calculate calories burned in a workout for each user and help users track their workouts in Google Fit
HOW ARE THE PRIVACY RIGHTS OF YOUNGER USERS TREATED?
Our web sites do not target and are not intended to attract children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect information from or about children under the age of 13.
Child Online Privacy Protection Act
.
HOW YOUR INFORMATION MAY BE SHARED WITH ADVERTISERS OR OTHER THIRD PARTIES?
We may share your personal data with authorized third-party agents or contractors in order to provide a requested service or transaction. For example, if we need to ship something to you, we must share your name and address with a shipping company. We may also need to share your details with card payment processors and fraud protection providers. We routinely share personal data with:
third parties we use to help deliver our products and/or services to you, e.g. payment service providers, warehouses and delivery companies
other third parties we use to help us run our business, e.g. marketing agencies or website hosts and website analytics providers
our bank.
We will not share, distribute, or sell your personal data to any third party, except in the ways provided for in this privacy policy.
We only allow those organisations to handle your personal data if we are satisfied they take appropriate measures to protect your personal data. We also impose contractual obligations on them to ensure they can only use your personal data to provide services to us and to you.
We or the third parties mentioned above may occasionally also need to share personal data with:
external auditors, e.g. in relation to the audit of our accounts, in which case the recipient of the information will be bound by confidentiality obligations
professional advisors (such as lawyers and other advisors), in which case the recipient of the information will be bound by confidentiality obligations
law enforcement agencies, courts, tribunals and regulatory bodies to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations
other parties in connection with a significant corporate transaction or restructuring, including a merger, acquisition, asset sale, initial public offering or in the event of our insolvency—usually, information will be anonymised but this may not always be possible, however, the recipient of the information will be bound by confidentiality obligations
If you would like more information about who we share our data with and why, please contact us (see ‘
How to contact us
’ below).
We provide such information to our subsidiaries and affiliated companies who may render services with us or on our behalf. We require that both our affiliate and third parties agree to process such information based on our instructions and in compliance with The Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
We may share non-personal, aggregate information regarding customer demographics, traffic patterns, sales, and site usage with our partners, advertisers or sponsors. We may offer some services on or in collaboration with other Internet web sites. Personal data that you provide to those third-party sites may be sent to us so that we can deliver the requested service. We process such information under The Policy. Similarly, we may provide access to third party applications, such as gadgets or extensions, through our website. Any information when you enable such a third party application is processed under The Policy. Any information collected by a third party application provider is governed by their privacy policies. Except as stated elsewhere in The Policy, we will not disclose personal data about our users to any third party without your prior consent.
HOW CAN YOU ACCESS AND/OR CHANGE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
If you have created an account on
www.crossrope.com
or on an App, you may access the information you have provided
here
.
Regarding your communication preferences, you can control your email communication preferences by selecting the link to update your email preferences in the footer of our email communications. Alternatively, you may contact us
here
to assist you.
You may request access to your personal data and supplementary information by contacting us
here
. We will take reasonable measures to confirm the authenticity of the request. If we have a reasonable basis to believe that your request is fraudulent and/or cannot be verified, or certain personal data rights are not stipulated by law in your country and region, we will reject your request.
WHAT IS CROSSROPE'S SECURITY?
We store your personal data on a secure server that is password protected and shielded from the outside world by a firewall. We have in place policies that are intended to ensure, as far as possible, the security and integrity of all our information, including your personally identifying information. However, no system or information can ever be fully protected against every possible hazard. As a result, we cannot ensure or warrant the security or privacy of any information you provide to us and, accordingly, you do so at your own risk.
Whenever we collect particularly sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way through the third party services of Paypal, Braintree (a Paypal subsidiary), or Amazon.
HOW WILL YOU KNOW OF CHANGES TO THE POLICY?
We may change The Policy from time to time. We therefore ask you to check it occasionally to ensure that you are aware of the most recent version. The Policy was last updated July 16, 2021.
WHAT ABOUT THE RIGHTS OF THOSE IN CROSSROPE'S PLACE OF BUSINESS, NORTH CAROLINA?
Residents of the State of North Carolina have the right to request a list of all third parties to which Crossrope has disclosed certain information during the preceding year for the third parties' direct marketing purposes.
However, it is our policy to neither disclose personal information, nor to sell such information to third parties for direct marketing purposes. In the future if The Policy changes in this respect, you have given us your email address to contact you with any material changes, and you are a North Carolina resident and want such a list, please contact us
here
Marketing
We want to give our customers the best experience online and offline so we may use data to inform our marketing decisions and to market to our database and customers.
We have a legitimate interest in using your personal data for marketing purposes (see above ‘
How and why we use your personal data
’). This means we do not usually need your consent to send you marketing information. However, where consent is needed, we will ask for this separately and clearly.
If you do not wish to be contacted via email, post or SMS, or wish to remove any product reviews you have written or arrange for 3rd party partners to delete your personal data, you have the right to opt out of receiving marketing communications at any time by using the ‘unsubscribe’ link in emails or ‘STOP’ number in texts, or by emailing support@crossrope.com.
We may ask you to confirm or update your marketing preferences if you ask us to provide further products and/or services in the future, or if there are changes in the law, regulation, or the structure of our business.
For more information on your right to object at any time to your personal data being used for marketing purposes, see ‘
Your rights
’ below.
How long your personal data will be kept
We will not keep your personal data for longer than we need it for the purpose for which it is used.
In line with guidance from the United States tax authorities, we must maintain order records for six years from the end of the last financial year to which they relate.
Following the end of the of the relevant retention period, we will delete or anonymise your personal data.
Transferring your personal data out of the European Economic Area (EEA)
Some countries outside the EEA may provide lower levels of protection of privacy than those within it.
As we are based in North Carolina in the USA, any information that you submit to us via this website or an App will be transferred to our data processing facilities in the USA.
Under the GDPR, we can only transfer your personal data to a country outside the EEA, such as the USA, where:
you have consented to the transfer; or
the European Commission has decided that the particular country ensures an adequate level of protection of personal data (known as an ‘"
adequacy decision
"’) under Article 45 of the GDPR; or
there are appropriate safeguards in place, together with enforceable rights and effective legal remedies for you, such as where we use the approved Standard Data Protection Clauses recognised under Article 46(2) of the GDPR. or
a specific exception applies under relevant data protection law.
By submitting any personal data to us via this website or an App, you have consented to the transfer of that personal data to the USA.
Any changes to the destinations to which we send personal data or in the transfer mechanisms we use to transfer personal data internationally will be notified to you in accordance with the section on ‘
Change to this privacy policy
’ below.
For further information about such transfers and the safeguards we employ, please contact us (see ‘
How to contact us
’ below).
Third Party Pixels and Cookies
When you visit our website, log in, register or open an email, cookies, ad beacons, and similar technologies may be used by our online data partners or vendors to associate these activities with information they or others have about you, including your email address. We (or service providers on our behalf) may then send communications and marketing to these email addresses. You may opt out of receiving this advertising by visiting <a href="
https://app.retention.com/optout
" target="_blank">
https://app.retention.com/optout
</a>.
A cookie is a small text file which is placed onto your device (eg computer, smartphone or other electronic device) when you use our website. We use cookies use cookies to store information about your visit. These cookies help us to improve our site and deliver a more personalised service. We use cookies for marketing and data analysis, so we can give you the best service we can with the data available.
We use several products to analyse traffic to our website with the aim of better understanding our visitors and providing them with a continually improving user experience.
We do use cookies in marketing and website optimisation. You may, however, choose to make use of services on our website which require some personal information, for example, when placing an order or asking us to stay in contact with you via email.
We may also use personal information you have shared with us to suggest products and services you may be interested in and to contact you regarding orders you have placed.
Cookies are often used to record your preferences or your activity so that when you return to the website it ‘remembers’ you. This might include ‘remembering’ the actions you took (like which items you added to your shopping bag) or data you entered (so it can do things like automatically fill out your name and email address in a form).
You may refuse to accept cookies by changing the relevant setting in your browser. Please note that by deleting or disabling cookies you may not be able to access certain features on our website.
We'd love to hear feedback on our site, marketing and products directly from you so please email us with your thoughts at support@crossrope.com.
YOUR RIGHTS
If you reside outside the EEA
You may contact us any time at
here
to request any of the following: 1) see what personal data we have about you, if any, 2) change or correct any personal data we have about you, 3) have us delete any personal data we have about you, 4) express any concern you have about our use of your personally identifiable information. It is not technologically possible to change or delete each and every instance of the information we hold on you from our systems, and data may remain in non-erasable or aggregate form. We may retain data for a period in our backup or temporary systems. We may also retain some information for longer periods as required by law, contract, or auditing requirements.
If you are located in the EEA
You have the following rights, which you can usually exercise free of charge:
Access to a copy of your personal data
The right to be provided with a copy of your personal data
Correction (also known as rectification)
The right to require us to correct any mistakes in your personal data
Erasure (also known as the right to be forgotten)
The right to require us to delete your personal data—in certain situations
Restriction of use
The right to require us to restrict use of your personal data in certain circumstances, eg if you contest the accuracy of the data
Data portability
The right to receive the personal data you provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and/or transmit that data to a third party—in certain situations
To object to use
The right to object:
—at any time to your personal data being used for direct marketing (including profiling)
—in certain other situations to our continued use of your personal data, eg where we use your personal data for our legitimate interests.
Not to be subject to decisions without human involvement
The right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing (including profiling) that produces legal effects concerning you or similarly significantly affects you
We do not make any such decisions based on data collected by our website.
For further information on each of those rights, including the circumstances in which they do and do not apply, please contact us (see ‘
How to contact Crossrope
’ below).
When contacting us please:
provide enough information to identify yourself, including your full name, address and customer reference or order number; and
let us know which right(s) you want to exercise and the information to which your request relates
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the data privacy regulator in the place where you normally reside.
HOW CAN YOU CONTACT CROSSROPE
If you have any questions or complaints about The Policy, please contact us
here
. You may also contact us by mail at Crossrope, 6101 Westgate Road, Suite 107 | Raleigh, NC, 27617. Complaints will be resolved internally in accordance with our complaints procedures.
References to "we," "us," and "our" references to Crossrope, LLC and its affiliates.
This Policy does not supersede the
Terms & Conditions
that govern your use of the site. Any conflict between the two shall be resolved in favor of the
Terms & Conditions
.
Contacting Crossrope if you are in the EEA
We have appointed
360 Business Law (Cyprus) Limited
to be our data protection representative within the EEA. They may be contacted at
Representative@360businesslaw.com
.
If you are an in an EEA country you can contact us direct (see above) or via our European representative.
Last Updated: January 13, 2025