Privacy Policy
Modified: December 6, 2023
1. General
Luscii healthtech B.V. (Luscii, we, our, us) is a Dutch company. We are located at Nicolaas Beetsstraat 216 (3511 HG) in Utrecht.
We develop technology for home measurement applications. This enables healthcare providers to monitor their patients and clients remotely. We want good care to be readily available to everyone.
We believe it is important to handle the personal data entrusted to us with care. We have appointed a data protection officer to ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations for the processing of personal data.
In certain cases, we process personal data for our own purposes and, for this, we take responsibility ourselves. For example, personal data that we obtain via our website
https://www.luscii.com
, if you contact us, if you are a business client of ours, if you apply for a job with us, or if you participate in a recruitment event. In this Privacy Policy, you can read how we handle personal data of website visitors, business clients and job applicants.
More information on data processing within the Luscii-application is found here
.
2. Processing personal data of businesses, job applicants and website visitors and users of demo applications
We may process your personal data for our own purposes. We are then responsible for the processing ourselves. We do this in the following cases:
You are a business client of ours, such as a contact person of a healthcare institution, that purchases or wishes to purchase our services.
You contact us by telephone, email, social media or in any other way, because you have a question, comment or complaint.
You are interested in our organisation and would like to apply for a job with us or participate in a recruitment event.
You use our website
http://www.luscii.com
, on which we use cookies.
You have signed up for and use any of our demo applications for demonstration purposes.
Personal data
We process the following types of personal data from you:
Contact details: name, address, gender, email address, telephone number and other necessary company and contact information.
Contents of your correspondence.
Information regarding the services we provide to you, such as quotes, agreements and instructions.
Information regarding invoices and payments, including bank details (of your organisation) and payment history.
What information and documents we have sent to you and, if necessary, whether and when the documents have been opened.
Any (mock) data sent in by you while using our demo applications.
For job applicants and participants in recruitment events, we process the personal data provided before or during the application or participation. This may include contact details (name and address), data included in a CV or motivation letter, diplomas and qualifications, information regarding work experience, references and public profiles on social media, such as LinkedIn, and data provided by you during the procedure. When you participate in a recruitment event, we may record details of your participation and your interests in a report. If you complete an assessment or submit results, we will process these results for your application.
We may send our (business) clients direct marketing emails about our services and relevant developments in the industry. We use common tracking techniques that give insight into the reach and effectiveness of our direct marketing communications. This helps improve our services and focus our information and communication on relevant target groups.
Purpose
We process this personal data for the following purposes:
To offer our services and to handle questions and requests.
To provide you with information, either directly (by telephone or email) or via our website.
To operate and improve our website.
To process payments and maintain thorough administration.
To contact you about our services.
To keep you informed about our organisation and invite you to meetings and events. To monitor and improve the effectiveness of our direct marketing and communication.
To consider your job application or to invite you to a recruitment event and to assess your eligibility for a position within the Luscii team.
To comply with applicable laws and regulations, and to follow the instructions of other supervisors and authorities (such as the Tax and Customs Administration, the Social Affairs and Employment Inspectorate, and the Dutch Data Protection Authority).
Legal grounds
We process your personal data on the grounds of the following legal principles:
We will process your personal data, if you are a contact person at a healthcare institution that purchases or wishes to purchase services from us, as this is necessary for the execution of the agreement we have, or will enter into, with the healthcare institution.
We have a legitimate interest when showing you information via the website or when we send information at your request. We also have a legitimate interest in maintaining contact with you about our services. Furthermore, we have a legitimate interest in recruiting suitable new colleagues. We always weigh our interest against your privacy concerns and keep in mind that we only use your business (contact) data. You can request to find out more about this balance of interests from us.
In certain cases, we ask for your permission, for example, (i) when we wish to send you direct marketing messages, although you are not yet a customer of ours, or (ii) when you sign up for any of our demo applications. If you give us your consent, you can withdraw it again at any time.
In a number of cases, there is a legal obligation placed on us to process personal data, for example, in keeping tax records.
Cookies
We use cookies on our website. You can find more information about this in our
Cookie Policy.
Access to personal data
Your personal data can be accessed by authorised Luscii employees, who need your personal data to perform their tasks. We may also share your personal data with third parties. We make use of, for example, cloud and email service providers. We have signed a processing agreement with these parties. We also share your personal data with parties who qualify as data controllers, such as external advisors, independent auditors and relevant authorities.
Transfers outside the European Economic Area (EEA)
Some of our service providers are based in a country outside the EEA, including the United States. To comply with EU legislation on data protection in international transfers, we establish transfer agreements based on the standard contractual clauses adopted by the European Commission. Please contact us for more information on the safeguards in place for international transfers.
Retention periods
We retain your personal data no longer than is strictly necessary. If an agreement is in place, we will process your personal data for its duration. Thereafter, we may retain your personal data to the extent necessary for the purposes stated in this Privacy Statement or to the extent determined by legal obligations. For example, we are obliged to retain certain tax records for seven years. After that period, we will delete your personal data.
We will process personal data of job applicants up until 4 weeks after the end of the application process or recruitment campaign, unless you have indicated that we may keep your personal data in our file. In that case, we will keep your personal data for another year for the purposes of informing you about interesting vacancies or new recruitment events.
Retention periods for email communications depend on the nature of the messages. For example, if you make a request or a complaint, we will retain your message for two years after the request or complaint has been dealt with. Depending on the type of cookie, we will retain data collected through cookies for the duration of the session until two years thereafter.
With regards to your use of our demo applications, your account information and data associated with your account will be retained up to 30 days after your last account activity. After 30 days of inactivity, all account data will be deleted.
3. Your rights
Under privacy legislation, you have a number of rights regarding your data and its processing.
Right of access
. This is the right to ask us whether we have personal data about you and to inspect this data.
Right of rectification
. You can ask us to change incorrect or incomplete personal data.
Right to be forgotten
. In some cases, you have the right to have your personal data deleted by Luscii, for example, when your personal data is no longer needed for the purposes for which we obtained them.
Right to restriction
. This is the right to have less personal data processed or to stop the processing temporarily. You can request this, for example, if you have disputed the accuracy of your personal data.
Right to data portability
. If we process your personal data on the basis of an agreement or consent, you have the right to data portability. This is the right to receive your personal data from us, so you can forward this data to another party.
Right of objection
. You may object to the processing of your personal data. If your personal data is processed for direct marketing purposes or on the basis of the legitimate interests of Luscii, you may always object to the processing of your personal data.
Withdrawing your consent
. If you have given us your consent to the processing of your personal data, you may withdraw your consent at any time. This withdrawal does not affect the processing of your personal data before your consent was withdrawn.
We are not always obliged to grant your request(s). However, we will always respond to your request, at least within one month. Only in special cases may we take longer, but if so, we will always inform you of the progress.
4. Contact and complaints
You can contact the Data Protection Officer (fg@luscii.com) with regard to questions related to the processing of their personal data and the exercise of your rights under the GDPR. We will be happy to assist you. Please note, for the sake of clarity, that you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory body. In the Netherlands, this is the Dutch Data Protection Authority. In the United Kingdom, this is the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO).
5. Updates and alterations
This Privacy Policy may be amended from time to time. The most recent version of the Privacy Policy can be found on our website. In the event of changes that may affect you significantly, we will endeavour to inform you immediately. The most recent version of this privacy statement dates from January 24, 2023.