Privacy Policy
Admin
2024-06-14T16:44:28+01:00
Click here to jump to the cookie policy
Important information
This privacy notice aims to give you information on how INEQE Group Limited, trading as INEQE Safeguarding Group collects and processes your personal data through use of our websites or Apps, including any data you may provide when you use our website and apps, purchase our products or services, access our free services and contact us over the phone or by email, including our Safer Schools service.
It is important that you read this privacy notice together with any other privacy notice or fair processing notice we may provide on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing personal data about you (for example when we are conducting a safeguarding review or audit), so that you are fully aware how and why we are using your data.
For all our services, the data controller — the organisation that is responsible for personal data — is INEQE Group Limited. If you have any questions about this privacy notice, including any requests to exercise your legal rights, you can contact us using the details set out in this notice.
Changes to the privacy notice
We may change this privacy notice from time to time, to reflect how we are processing your data. If we make significant changes, we will make this clear on our website or by such other means of contact such as email, so that you are able to review the changes before continuing to use our services. This version of the privacy notice was last updated in June 2024.
Third Party Links
Our website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy notice of every website you visit.
The personal data we collect about you
We collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you to enable us to manage and improve the services we provide and, where we are permitted to, to tell you about upcoming activities that we think you may like.
Personal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified. It does not include data where identity has been removed (anonymous data).
We do not proactively collect personal information from children. However, we are sometimes given information about children while conducting independent safeguarding reviews or audits. Therefore, the information in the relevant parts of this notice applies to children as well as adults.
The types of data we may collect include:
Name
Address
Phone numbers
Email addresses
Profession
National Insurance number
Bank and other financial details
Community background
CV
CCTV images
Identification documents needed to establish right to work in the UK
Identification documents needed to complete vetting checks
Copies of educational or professional qualifications
Location Data
Our apps that include our ‘Travel Tracker’ function have the functionality to share a user’s precise location for a limited amount of time.
The user can choose to share their live location for a set amount of time, (updated every 5-10 seconds). When this feature is enabled, the user’s location can be shared with nominated individuals via a web link and will be displayed on the nominated person’s device for the set time.
The feature will not work if the user does not give permission for the app to track their location.
Once the set amount of time has expired, the location data required to operate this feature is reset, and the user’s location is deleted from the servers.
Staff Data
Information regarding the processing of data for our staff and interns is provided separately.
Job Applicants
If you apply for an advertised job, either directly or through a recruitment agency, we are required to collect certain data, including your community background, from which your religious beliefs may be inferred. This is known as Special Category Data. We collect this data to enable us to complete an annual government employment return for the purpose of regulatory requirements and equality of opportunity or treatment.
If You Don’t Provide Personal Data
In some cases, described above, the provision of personal data is a contractual requirement, and/or a statutory requirement if you wish to engage with us. In those and other cases, if you do not provide us with certain personal data, we may not be able to work with you or provide our products or services to you (as applicable). It may therefore adversely affect the provision of our services to you and you may not receive our optimal customer service experience.
Keeping your personal data up-to-date
It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us.
How we collect your personal data
We may collect your personal information in a number of ways, principally:
Directly from you, for example when you sign up for our courses or conference services or make enquiries on our website, and when you interact with us during your participation in our courses and conferences and any other way.
From someone making enquiries or booking services on your behalf.
When you make enquiries on our website, or when you interact with us.
When you sign up to receive a newsletter, download a resource (such as shareables) or enquire about a product or service we may ask you to provide the following personal information:
Name
Email address
Sector you work in
If you contact INEQE Group Ltd by phone, including our dedicated service lines,  be aware that we record all calls for training and quality assurance purposes and to protect the interests of our staff.
How we use your personal data
We will use your personal data where we need to perform a contract with you, where it is necessary for our legitimate interests, where you have asked us to or where we need to comply with a legal obligation.
You will only receive marketing communications from us if you have requested information from us, purchased products or services from us or told us that we can send them to you. You can tell us that you want to stop receiving marketing communications from us at any time.
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:
To supply goods or services you have requested or have otherwise consented to receive.
Where we need to perform the contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you
Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation.
Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.
For certain processing purposes, we may request your consent to authorise the processing. For example, if you are not a customer of INEQE Group Limited and have not enquired about our products or services, we would seek clear consent from you in order to send any communications to you about our products or services.
To process payments using third-party applications.
Using our live chat support function.
To process and access a job application.
To enable third-party contractors, working on our behalf to update, maintain or migrate our customer management system.
Lawful Basis for Processing
Consent:
Where you have given us clear consent to process your personal data for a specific purpose. For example, to send you certain direct marketing communications.
We have a contractual obligation:
We will process your personal data where this is necessary for the performance of a contract with you or to take steps at your request before entering into such a contract.
Compliance with our legal obligations: I
n some cases, Ineqe Group Limited process personal data in order to comply with health and safety legislation and assist with investigations by police and/or other competent authorities.
Vital interests:
Where the processing is necessary to protect someone’s life.
Public task:
Where the processing is necessary to enable us to perform a task in the public interest or for official functions, and the task or function has a clear basis in law.
Legitimate interests:
In other cases, INEQE Group Limited has ‘legitimate interests’ in processing personal information about individuals we interact with.
Where Ineqe Group Limited relies on legitimate interests as the legal basis for processing personal data, it has considered whether or not those interests are overridden by the interests or fundamental rights or freedoms of the individuals whose data are being processed and concluded that the processing is, on balance, fair.
Processing special categories of data:
Where we process sensitive personal data, other legal bases for processing may apply, including where our processing is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims or judicial acts, for provision of medical care and treatment, for the purposes of employment or equal opportunities monitoring, where there is substantial public interest or where you have otherwise given us your explicit consent.
Substantial public interest includes the administration of justice, equality of opportunity, preventing or detecting unlawful acts, protecting the public, safeguarding of children and individuals at risk or for regulatory reasons.
Change of purpose
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
Please note that we may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by law.
Sharing your personal data
We do not sell any of your personal data to any third party.
We do, however share your personal data with certain companies who play an essential part in enabling us to provide our products and services to you, such as payment providers, IT and system administration providers and others who help us run our business. You can be rest assured, however, that we require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law and we do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes.
In addition, we may need to disclose your personal information in the following circumstances:
We are under a legal duty
We need to disclose it to protect our rights, property or safety of our staff, customers or others,
To protect against fraud and for credit risk reduction
Personal information collected and processed by INEQE Group Limited may be shared with the following recipients, or categories of recipients, where necessary:
Someone acting on your behalf;
Our employees and volunteers (as applicable), for the purposes of providing particular products or services to you;
Our contractors and suppliers, where they process personal data on our behalf, for example IT consultants and hosted software providers and professional providers;
HM Revenue and Customs, the police, Social Care and/or other competent authorities as applicable.
Typically, INEQE Group Limited will not transfer your personal data to countries outside the UK or European Economic Area (EEA). On the limited occasions when this might occur, we will ensure that any such transfer meets the requirements of GDPR.
Keeping your personal data secure
We’re committed to keeping your personal data secure and have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed.
In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
How long do we retain your data?
We may retain your personal data for as long as is necessary to fulfil the purposes set out in this privacy notice and/or our reasonable requirements. On expiry of the relevant retention period, your personal data will be deleted, suppressed or anonymised, as applicable.
Your Data Protection Rights
Under the Data Protection Act 2018 you have the right to:
Your right of access
– You have the right to ask us for copies of your personal information.
Your right to rectification
– You have the right to ask us to rectify personal information you think is inaccurate. You also have the right to ask us to complete information you think is incomplete.
Your right to erasure
– You have the right to ask us to erase your personal information in certain circumstances.
Your right to restriction of processing
– You have the right to ask us to restrict the processing of your personal information in certain circumstances.
Your right to object to processing
– You have the the right to object to the processing of your personal information in certain circumstances.
Your right to data portability
– You have the right to ask that we transfer the personal information you gave us to another organisation, or to you, in certain circumstances.
If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us in writing. Please note that these rights are not absolute and we may be entitled (or required) to refuse requests where exceptions apply.
We do not usually charge a fee for access to your data unless the request is excessive or vexatious.
If you are not satisfied with how we are processing your personal data, you can complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO). You can also find out more about your rights under the GDPR (and other data protection legislation) from the Information Commissioner’s Office.
Contact Us
Name:
INEQE Group Ltd
Address:
Ocean House, 13 Edgewater Road, Belfast, BT3 9JQ
Phone Number:
028 90232060
Email:
data-protection@ineqe.com
How to Complain
If you have any concerns about how we are processing your personal data, you can complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO). You can also find out more about your rights under the GDPR (and other data protection legislation) from the
Information Commissioner’s Office.
Information Commissioner’s Office
Wycliffe House
Water Lane
Wilmslow
Cheshire
SK9 5AF
Helpline number: 0303 123 1113
Cookie Policy
Use of Cookies
A cookie is a small piece of information that is placed on your computer or device when you visit our websites. They are used by most websites to make them work efficiently.
They are used to remember the choices you made when visiting our sites.
Our websites store cookies on your computer. These cookies are used to collect information about how you interact with our website and allow us to remember you. We use this information in order to improve and customise your browsing experience and for analytics and metrics about our visitors both on this website and other media.
If you decline, your information won’t be tracked when you visit this website. A single cookie will be used in your browser to remember your preference not to be tracked.
Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Blocking some types of cookies may negatively impact your experience on our sites and limit the services we are able to provide.
Necessary
– These cookies are necessary for websites to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in, or filling in forms. They are always active.
Analytics
– These cookies help us to understand how visitors engage with the website. We may use a set of cookies to collect information and report site usage statistics. In addition to reporting site usage statistics, data collected may also be used, together with some of the advertising cookies described, to help show more relevant ads across the web and to measure interactions with the ads we show.
Advertisement
– We use marketing cookies to make our ads more engaging and valuable to site visitors. Some common applications of cookies are to select advertising based on what’s relevant to a user, to improve reporting on ad campaign performance, and to avoid showing ads the user has already seen.
Functionality – We use a set of cookies that are optional for the website to function. They are usually only set in response to information provided to the website to personalise and optimise your experience as well as remember your chat history.
How to manage cookies
You can manage cookies when you first browse our websites by selecting the cookies you are willing to accept or by disabling them on your device settings.
Contact Us
Name:
INEQE Group Ltd
Address:
Ocean House, 13 Edgewater Road, Belfast, BT3 9JQ
Phone Number:
028 90232060
Email:
data-protection
@ineqe.com
How to Complain
If you have any concerns about how we are processing your personal data, you can complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO). You can also find out more about your rights under the GDPR (and other data protection legislation) from the
Information Commissioner’s Office.
Information Commissioner’s Office
Wycliffe House
Water Lane
Wilmslow
Cheshire
SK9 5AF
Helpline number: 0303 123 1113