PRIVACY POLICY
This privacy policy (“Policy”) describes how Emerald City Games (“Emerald City Games”, “we”, “us” or “our”) collects, protects and uses the personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”) you (“User”, “you” or “your”) may provide in the Lionheart: Dark Moon mobile application and any of its products or services (collectively, “Mobile Application” or “Services”). It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your personal information and how you can access and update this information. This Policy does not apply to the practices of companies that we do not own or control, or to individuals that we do not employ or manage.
Collection of personal information
We receive and store any information you knowingly provide to us when you make a purchase, fill any online forms in the Mobile Application. You can choose not to provide us with certain information, but then you may not be able to take advantage of some of the Mobile Application’s features.
Collection of non-personal information
When you open the Mobile Application our servers automatically record information that your device sends. This data may include information such as your device’s IP address and location, device name and version, operating system type and version, language preferences, information you search for in our Mobile Application, access times and dates, and other statistics.
Use of collected information
Any of the information we collect from you may be used to improve our Mobile Application; improve customer service and respond to queries and emails of our customers; process transactions; run and operate our Mobile Application and Services. Non-personal information collected is used only to identify potential cases of abuse and establish statistical information regarding Mobile Application traffic and usage. This statistical information is not otherwise aggregated in such a way that would identify any particular user of the system.
Billing and Payments
We use third-party payment processors to assist us in processing your payment information securely. Such third-party processors’ use of your Personal Information is governed by their respective privacy policies which may or may not contain privacy protections as protective as this Privacy Policy. We suggest that you review their respective privacy policies.
Children
We do not knowingly collect any personal information from children under the age of 13. If you are under the age of 13, please do not submit any personal information through our Mobile Application or Service. We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children’s Internet usage and to help enforce this Policy by instructing their children never to provide personal information through our Mobile Application or Service without their permission. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided personal information to us through our Mobile Application or Service, please contact us.
Remarketing
We also may permit certain third-party companies to help us tailor advertising that we think may be of interest to users and to collect and use other data about user activities in the Mobile Application. These companies may deliver ads that might place cookies and otherwise track user behavior.
Links to other mobile applications
Our Mobile Application contains links to other mobile applications that are not owned or controlled by us. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other mobile applications or third parties. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our Mobile Application and to read the privacy statements of each and every mobile application that may collect personal information.
Information security
We secure information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. We maintain reasonable administrative, technical, and physical safeguards in an effort to protect against unauthorized access, use, modification, and disclosure of personal information in its control and custody. However, no data transmission over the Internet or wireless network can be guaranteed. Therefore, while we strive to protect your personal information, you acknowledge that (i) there are security and privacy limitations of the Internet which are beyond our control; (ii) the security, integrity, and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and our Mobile Application cannot be guaranteed; and (iii) any such information and data may be viewed or tampered with in transit by a third-party, despite best efforts.
Data breach
In the event we become aware that the security of the Mobile Application has been compromised or users Personal Information has been disclosed to unrelated third parties as a result of external activity, including, but not limited to, security attacks or fraud, we reserve the right to take reasonably appropriate measures, including, but not limited to, investigation and reporting, as well as notification to and cooperation with law enforcement authorities. In the event of a data breach, we will make reasonable efforts to notify affected individuals if we believe that there is a reasonable risk of harm to the user as a result of the breach or if notice is otherwise required by law. When we do we will post a notice in the Mobile Application.
Legal disclosure
We will disclose any information we collect, use or receive if required or permitted by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process, and when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request. In the event we go through a business transition, such as a merger or acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, your user account and personal data will likely be among the assets transferred.
Changes and amendments
We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy relating to the Mobile Application or Services at any time, effective upon posting of an updated version of this Policy in the Mobile Application. When we do we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. Continued use of the Mobile Application after any such changes shall constitute your consent to such changes.
Acceptance of this policy
You acknowledge that you have read this Policy and agree to all its terms and conditions. By using the Mobile Application or its Services you agree to be bound by this Policy. If you do not agree to abide by the terms of this Policy, you are not authorized to use or access the Mobile Application and its Services.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this policy, please contact us via email or through the
contact
section of this website.
This document was last updated on
October 4, 2017