Airmate Privacy Policy
General
Airmate respects your privacy. Myriel Aviation and its affiliates ("Airmate" or the “Company” ) offer flight planning, GPS navigation and community based services to users of
www.airmate.aero
(the "Website") and/or users of Airmate's mobile application (the "Application") (collectively referred to as the “Services").
This Privacy Policy describes:-
the information that Airmate collects from users;
how that information is used by Airmate; and
the rights and options available to users.
This Privacy Policy is incorporated as part of the Airmate Terms of Use  (the "Terms of Use" or the "Terms").
Your use of the Services is subject to the Terms of Use, Copyright Policy and this Privacy Policy and indicates your consent to them.
The Services are not intended for use by persons under the age of 13. If you are under 13, you may not download or use the Application.
In this Privacy Policy, the term "personal information" means any information collected by us or provided by you that, with reasonable efforts, may be used to identify you, which may include first and last name, home address, email address and, in certain circumstances, your location and flight information.
Contact Airmate / Abuse reports
If you believe that your privacy has been compromised by any person, in the course of using the Services, then please contact Airmate at: management@myriel.lu.
You may send Airmate other requests, responses, questions and complaints by email at airmate@airmate.aero.
Information that is being collected
In order to use the Services, you must set up a username for yourself and create an account. Airmate will link all of your information with your account in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Your log-in details are your responsibility. You are fully accountable for any use or misuse of your Account and personal details as a result of conveying your details to someone else. You must maintain your log-in details in absolute confidentiality and avoid disclosing them to others
The categories of information collected by Airmate will include all or just some of the following, depending on how you choose to use the Services.
Whenever you use the Services, Airmate will collect:
information required when setting up a username you have chosen, such as your email, home country, home airport.  Bear in mind that false, incorrect, or out-dated information may impair Airmate's ability to provide you with the Services and to contact you when necessary. Airmate will explicitly indicate the fields for mandatory completion. If you do not enter the requisite data in these fields, you may not be able to set up a username;
information that you choose to share with Airmate, including a username you have chosen, reports associated with your username, your email used to create your account, “home airport”, other “preferred airports”, destinations you may travel to, chat messages, search queries, calendar information, files you have uploaded to the service, phone number.
detailed location and route information, for example in the form of GPS signals and other information sent by your mobile device on which the Application is installed and activated.
Uses of Information
Airmate may use information collected from or provided by you for the following purposes:
to provide you with the Services and to improve and customize your experience with the Services. For example, Airmate may use your location and route information and/or planned flights / search query history to provide navigation services and to provide information and advertisements about sites, shops and other places and attractions in your close vicinity, or that we believe, based on your history, you may find interesting; and
to improve the experience of other users. For example, Airmate may use your navigation error reports to improve the accuracy of its mapping and navigation data;
to provide you with support and handle requests and complaints;
to send you updates, notices, announcements, and additional information related to the Services;
to  display or send to you marketing and advertising material when you are using the Application, in accordance with the section titled "Advertising Campaigns" under this Privacy Policy. For example, Airmate may use your destination airport information to display advertisements for businesses in your close vicinity;
subject to your prior indication of consent, we may also use the email address that you provide when setting up a username to send you marketing material. At any time you may choose not to receive such material by: (i) changing the email preferences in your Account accessed via the Website; or (ii) clicking on the “Unsubscribe” link in the e-mail messages that we may send to you. In any case, Airmate will not knowingly share your personal information with any advertisers;
to create aggregated and/ or anonymous data (where such data does not enable the identification of a specific user). See “Usage of aggregated information”, below;
to conduct surveys and questionnaires;
to share your submissions with other users of the Services and to facilitate communication between you, Airmate and other users;
to enforce the Terms of Use;
to contact you when Airmate believes it to be necessary;
to comply with any applicable law and assist law enforcement agencies under any applicable law, when Airmate has a good faith belief that Airmate’s cooperation with the law enforcement agencies is legally mandated or meets the applicable legal standards and procedures;
to prevent fraud, misappropriation, infringements, identity theft and other illegal activities and misuse of the Services;
to handle breakdowns and malfunctions;
to take any action in any case of dispute, or legal proceeding of any kind between you and the Service, or between you and other users or third parties with respect to, or in relation with the Service;
for  purposes provided under this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use.
Please note that the username you choose will be used to identify you when you use the Services. Your username will be included along with any information you submit for posting (such as feedback or messages). It will therefore be visible to others. Your username will be listed in Airmate directory of users at your home airport. If you prefer not to be listed in the user directory, you should go to the Application Settings Menu and adjust accordingly.
You may also provide additional information that will be used to personalize the Services and enhance your experience with the Services.
Further information may be collected when Airmate exchanges communications with you, for example, if you submit a request, contact Airmate's support team, or report a violation to the abuse team.
Personal information that you share
The Services are based on a community of users publicly sharing information with Airmate and with other members of that community.
In particular, users choose to share personal information such as name, picture, planned flights, reports and other files.  This information may be shared either directly to the Service and to all users, or just to your friends on Airmate. This information may also be shared  via  third party services (such as social networks) which interact with the Service upon such users' choice.
The content that you choose to share with all users is neither private nor confidential and you should not have any expectation of privacy with respect to it
. Information you upload will be posted along with your username. Therefore, you must exercise caution and common sense when submitting information. At the very least you should demonstrate the same degree of caution as when publishing personal information by means other than the Internet and cellular services.
You can decide whether or not to upload content to the Services. However any content that you submit for posting, may be viewed by all users of the Services and by Airmate.
In any event, your email address will not be visible to others through any reports or user posts that you share or upload.
We, at Airmate, take great measures to provide you with the best experience you can have while using the Service. However, Airmate has no control over the conduct of any user and disclaims all liability in this regard. Users are advised to carefully and thoroughly consider whether or not to make public or available any information and carefully examine all necessary details related to any communication with other users prior to any engagement or communication being made.
Participating in any user's activities (such renting a plane or sharing a flight) as a result, directly or indirectly, from using Airmate, is entirely at your own risk. Airmate is not a party to any agreement entered into between the users in any circumstances. The user has the sole and ultimate responsibility regarding compliance with all laws, regulation or any other duty. We do not accept any liability for any loss, damage, cost or expense that you may suffer or incur as a result of or in connection with your participation in any activity or event initiated, held or conducted by a user or a third party nor in connection to any agreement between the users or third parties, including any activity or event related in any way, directly or indirectly, the Services or the use thereof.
Meta-data that we collect
Airmate collects information about the use of the Services and information from the device(s) you have Airmate installed on.  For example, Airmate may record the frequency and scope of your use of the Services, the duration of your sessions, device name, operation system type, operating system version, battery usage, the web pages that you visit via the Application, information that you read, content that you use or create, advertisements that you view or click on, your communications with other users and third parties, the Internet protocol (IP) address and the name of the domain that serve you to access the Services, and the geographic location of the device that you are using to log-in and use Airmate on.
Sharing information with others
Airmate does not sell, rent or lease your personal information to third parties.
Airmate will not share your personal information with others, without your consent, except for the following purposes and to the extent necessary in Airmate's good-faith discretion:
as necessary for the operation of the Services.
If Airmate reasonably believes that you have breached the Terms of Use, or abused your rights to use the Services, or performed any act or omission that Airmate reasonably believes to be violating any applicable law, rules, or regulations. Airmate may share your information in these cases, with law enforcement agencies and other competent authorities and with any third party as may be required to handle any result of your wrongdoing;
If Airmate is required, or reasonably believes that it is required by law to share or disclose your information;
In any case of dispute, or legal proceeding of any kind between you and Airmate, or between you and other users with respect to, or in relation with the Services;
In any case where Airmate reasonably believes that sharing information is necessary to prevent imminent physical damage or damage to property;
If Airmate organizes the operation of the Services within a different framework, or through another legal structure or entity, or if Airmate is acquired by, or merged into or with another entity, or if Airmate enters bankruptcy, provided however, that those entities agree to be bound by the provisions of this Privacy Policy, with respective changes taken into consideration;
For facilitating the Service and to store your data on servers located in the U.S.A and the European Union.
To collect, hold and manage your personal information through cloud based or hosting services or a third party or a party affiliated or connected to Airmate, as reasonable for business purposes, which may be located in countries outside of your jurisdiction, including but not limited to the United States of America.
Airmate may also share personal information with companies or organizations connected or affiliated with Airmate, such as subsidiaries, sister-companies and parent companies. Personal information may also be shared with Airmate's other partners and service providers to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with this policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
Advertising campaigns
Airmate may permit, solicit or contract certain other companies to conduct advertising campaigns on the Services.
The information and advertisements that you see when accessing the Services may be targeted on the basis of:
geographic or contextual information which we collect from you;
information received from third party partners; as well as
your search query history.
You hereby agree that we may provide such information and advertisements targeted on the basis of your search query history. However, if, when accessing the Services, you no longer wish to see information and advertisements from us targeted on the basis of your search query history or on the basis of information received from third party partners, you are able to opt out of such targeting in the settings of the Application.
When you visit a third party website from the Application, such third party may use cookies on your computer. The third party’s use of cookies is subject to their own privacy policies and not to this Privacy Policy.  If you wish to study the privacy policies of those third parties you should visit their services, or contact them directly.
Usage of aggregated information
Airmate may use anonymous, statistical or aggregated information (including anonymous location information), in a form that does not enable the identification of a specific user, to properly operate the Services, to improve the quality of the Services, to enhance your experience, to create new services and features, including customized services, to change or cancel existing content or service, and for further internal, commercial and statistical purposes.
Airmate may also use anonymous, statistical or aggregated information collected on the Services, in a form that does not enable the identification of a specific user, by posting, disseminating, transmitting or otherwise communicating or making available such information to users of the Services, to the Services' providers, partners and any other third party.
Messaging
The Service includes an internal messaging system which provides you the ability to send and receive messages to and from other users, and to receive marketing messages from us.  You hereby agree that we may use the internal messaging system for the purpose of informing you regarding products or services, which may interest you.
Please note however that other Airmate users are not allowed to use your contact details or our internal messaging account for commercial advertising purposes. If you have encountered any user generated advertising material, please inform us through the channels listed on the "About" menu in the Software or through the "Contact Us" page on the Site. Airmate does not accept any liability for any loss, damage, cost or expense that you may suffer or incur as a result of or in connection with any user's advertising material.
It is clarified that we are not responsible for the content of said advertisements and the products delivered or services rendered thereby by third parties and you irrevocably and unconditionally agree that we shall not be held responsible or liable in connection thereof.
Controlling your personal information
You could view your user information using the Application Settings or the user account page on Airmate Web. If you find that the information associated with your Account is not accurate, complete or updated, then you must make all necessary changes to correct it. Please keep in mind that false, incorrect, or outdated information may prevent you from setting up a username and impair the ability to provide you with Services.
If you would like us to delete your Account, your username and your personal information, please send an email to management@myriel.lu indicating the username to be deleted. On receiving such a request, Airmate will delete your account and all your personal information. Please note that the account deletion may take up to 4 weeks to be effective, as the account deletion is processed manually we cannot delete information immediately from our back-up systems.
When supported by Airmate app, it may be possible to delete your account and all personal information from Airmate app Settings. In this case, account deletion is performed automatically.
Information Security
Airmate considers information security to be a top priority. Airmate implements systems, applications and procedures to secure your personal information, to minimize the risks of theft, damage, loss of information, or unauthorized access or use of information. However, these measures are unable to provide absolute assurance. Therefore, although Airmate takes great efforts to protect your personal information, Airmate cannot guarantee and you cannot reasonably expect that Airmate's databases will be immune from any wrongdoings, malfunctions, unlawful interceptions or access, or other kinds of abuse and misuse.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Airmate may from time to time change the terms of this Privacy Policy. Substantial changes will take effect 30 days after Airmate has posted a:
system message to users notifying them of changes to the Privacy Policy; and
notification on the Website's homepage or any other relevant web pages, explaining the changes to the Privacy Policy alongside a comparison of the “old” and “new” versions of the Privacy Policy.
Other changes will take effect 7 days after their initial posting on the Website. However, if Airmate amends this Privacy Policy to comply with legal requirements, the amendments will become effective immediately upon their initial posting, or as required.
You agree to be bound by any of the changes made in the terms of this Privacy Policy. Continuing to use the Services will indicate your acceptance of the amended terms. If you do not agree with any of the amended terms, you must avoid any further use of the Services.
Last Modified: December 6th, 2023