Ginventory Privacy Policy
Ginventory ("Company" or "We") respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it through compliance with this Policy.
This Privacy Policy describes how and when Ginventory collects, uses and shares your information when you use our Services. For example, you send us information when you create an account, save a gin, etc. with the Ginventory app.
Please read this Privacy Policy (together with Ginventory’s “
Terms of Service
”) carefully before using our website and our app.
When using any of our Services you consent to the collection, transfer, manipulation, storage, disclosure and other uses of your information as described in this Privacy Policy.
You can submit inquiries regarding personal data protection, privacy and security matters to Ginventory SRL,
dpo@ginventory.co
.
1. Identity of Ginventory
Ginventory SRL
Boulevard Audent 18
6000 Charleroi
Belgium
Company registration number 0765.415.023
2. Information Collection and Use
We collect and use your information below to provide our Services and to measure and improve them over time.
Information Collected Upon Registration:
When you create or reconfigure a Ginventory account, you provide some personal information, such as your name, username, password, and email address. Some of this information, for example, your name and username, might be listed publicly on our Services, including on your profile page and in search results.
If you email us, we may keep your message, email address and contact information to respond to your request.
Third-Party Service Providers:
Ginventory uses a variety of third-party services to help provide our Services and to help us understand the use of our Services, such as Google Analytics. These third-party service providers may collect information sent by your browser as part of a web page request, such as cookies or your IP address.
Google Analytics
Facebook Connect
Apple Connect
Flurry
Mailgun
IpStack
Newsletter:
When using Ginventory you might receive emails from Ginventory containing news, special offers, etc as a part of the Services. You can unsubscribe from these emails at any time via the unsubscribe link in the mails.
Location Information:
We may use and store information about your location to provide features of our Services, such as creating lists of availability of certain gins.
Cookies:
Like many websites, we use "cookie" technology to collect additional website usage data and to improve our Services, but we do not require cookies for many parts of our Services such as searching and looking at public user profiles.
A cookie is a small data file that is transferred to your computer's hard disk. Ginventory may use both session cookies and persistent cookies to better understand how you interact with our Services, to monitor aggregate usage by our users and web traffic routing on our Services, and to customize and improve our Services. Most Internet browsers automatically accept cookies. You can instruct your browser, by changing its settings, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. However, some Services may not function properly if you disable cookies.
Log Data:
Our servers automatically record information ("Log Data") created by your use of the Services. Log Data may include information such as your IP address, browser type, operating system, the referring web page, pages visited, location, your mobile carrier, device and application IDs, search terms, and cookie information.
We receive Log Data when you interact with our Services, for example, when you visit our website or app, sign into our Services or interact with our email notifications. Ginventory uses Log Data to provide our Services and to measure, customize, and improve them. If not already done earlier, we will either delete Log Data or remove any common account identifiers, such as your username, full IP address, or email address, after 18 months.
3. Information Sharing and Disclosure
Information Disclosed To Outside Parties:
Ginventory does not sell, trade or otherwise transfer to outside parties any personally identifiable information.
Service Providers:
We engage service providers to perform functions and provide services to us in Belgium and abroad. We may share your private personal information with such service providers subject to confidentiality obligations consistent with this Privacy Policy, and on the condition that the third parties use your private personal data only on our behalf and pursuant to our instructions.
Law and Harm:
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Policy, we may preserve or disclose your information if we believe that it is reasonably necessary to comply with a law, regulation or legal request; to protect the safety of any person; to address fraud, security or technical issues; or to protect Ginventory's rights or property. However, nothing in this Privacy Policy is intended to limit any legal defenses or objections that you may have to a third party's, including a government's, request to disclose your information.
Business Transfers:
In the event that Ginventory is involved in a bankruptcy, merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets, your information may be sold or transferred as part of that transaction. The promises in this Privacy Policy will apply to your information as transferred to the new entity.
4. Modifying or Deleting your Personal Information
If you are a registered user of our Services, we provide you with tools and account settings to access, update or delete the personal information you provided to us and associated with your account. If you are unable to perform these actions yourself, please contact us to assist you via
dpo@ginventory.co
.
5. Changes to this Policy
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. The most current version of the policy will govern our use of your information and will always be at
www.ginventory.co/privacy
.
If we make a change to this policy that, in our sole discretion, is material, we will notify you via an @Ginventory  update or email to the email address associated with your account. By continuing to access or use the Services after those changes become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy.
Effective: October 12th, 2021