TERMS OF SERVICE
Last Updated:
December 5 2019
1.
Introduction
TAPPS TECNOLOGIA
DA INFORMAÇÃO LTDA.
(“Tapps,” ”we,” “our,” or
“us”) is dedicated to providing the best services to our users, while
attempting to guarantee their security and integrity.
These terms (“Terms of Service” or “Terms”) govern the relationship
between you and Tapps regarding your use of Tapps’ games (“Games”), websites
including but not limited to
tappsgames.com
(collectively “Websites”), and the services provided on or through the Websites
and/or accessible through various desktop and mobile web browsers, locally
installed mobile web applications including but not limited to Games
(“Applications”), and various API services and other services that we may offer
from time to time, including without being limited to social, online and/or
other games and applications (including mobile applications), community forums
and blogs (collectively, our "Services").
YOUR RIGHT TO USE TAPPS’ SERVICES IS SUBJECT TO YOUR COMPLIANCE WITH
ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH HEREIN. Use of the Services is also
governed by
Tapps’
Privacy Policy
(“Privacy Policy”), which is available online at our
website and complements these Terms of Service.
Before accessing or using our Services, you may also be required to
register an account (“Account”).
BY INSTALLING, USING OR OTHERWISE ACCESSING THE SERVICES, YOU AGREE
TO THESE TERMS OF SERVICE AND TO THE PRIVACY POLICY. If you do not agree to
these Terms of Service or to the Privacy Policy, please do not install, use or
otherwise access our Services.
The Applications are offered only to individuals who possess the legal
capacity to agree to these Terms of Service and to form a binding agreement
under the applicable law, or who have received the required consent from their
legal guardian to enter into these Terms. Therefore, you hereby represent that
you possess the legal authority to enter into these Terms of Service, to use
the Services in accordance with these Terms, and to fully perform your
obligations hereunder. If you are under the age of 18, you represent that your
legal guardian has reviewed and agreed to these Terms.
Tapps reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify
these Terms of Service and the related Privacy Policy at any time by posting
the amended terms on the Services as well as in our app, through a specific
notification.
You will be deemed to have
accepted such changes by continuing to use the Services. If at any point you do
not agree to any part of the then-current version of our Terms of Service, the
Privacy Policy, or any other Tapps policy, rules or codes of conduct
(“Supplemental Policies”), you may not install, access and/or use the Services
and you are requested to promptly stop using them and to erase any Application,
and any part thereof, from your device.
Children’s Privacy
Tapps offers various Applications (such as Games and educational
experiences) which we intend to be used by children under the age of thirteen
(13) (“Children”) as well as certain Applications that are NOT targeted to such
Children.
Note that our Privacy Policy will be available at the landing or
home screen of the Applications, including in some instances by clicking on
“Options” or a settings icon. There, parents and guardians will be informed
about all of our practices regarding Children’s Privacy.
By reading our
Privacy
Policy
, you thereby agree with our process regarding
Children’s Privacy
and agree that you are responsible for any violation of such process made by
you or any of your family members.
2.         Conditions
of License to Users
2.1.      General Conditions
Upon your agreement and continuing compliance with these Terms of
Service, the
Privacy Policy
and the
Supplemental
Policies
(collectively, “Tapps Terms”), Tapps grants you a non-exclusive,
non-transferable, non-sublicensable, revocable and limited license to install,
access and use the Services for your own non-commercial entertainment purposes.
You hereby agree not to use the Services for any other purpose.
The licenses provided by Tapps to the Users of the Services are
subject to the following restrictions:
·
You accept full responsibility
for any unauthorized use of the Service by minors. You are responsible for any
use of your credit card or other payment instrument (e.g. PayPal)
by minors.
·
You shall not sell, rent, share
or give away your Account, nor create an Account using a false identity or
information or on behalf of someone other than yourself;
·
You shall not use the Services
if you have been previously banned from playing or using any Tapps Application;
·
You shall not use the Services
to advertise, or transmit any commercial advertisements to anyone, including
chain letters, junk or spam e-mail or repetitive messages.
2.2.      Account Creation
When creating your Account, you will be required to select a
username and password (“Login Information”), which you will have to enter
whenever you desire to access such Account. You shall not disclose your Login
Information nor let anyone else access your Account or do anything else that
might jeopardize the security or integrity of your Account. If you have any
reason to suspect or become aware of any breach in the security of your
Account, including but not limited to any loss, theft or unauthorized
disclosure of the Login Information, you must immediately notify Tapps and
change your Login Information.
You are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality and
integrity of the Login Information and you will be responsible if it is used or
accessed by others, including but not limited to purposes of in-application
purchases, whether or not authorized by you. In other words, you are
responsible for anything that happens through your Account.
Tapps reserves the right to delete or reclaim any username at any
time and for any reason, including but not limited to claims by a third party that
a username violates such third party’s privacy rights.
Note that the Services support only one Account per game on a
supported device.
2.3       License Restrictions
Any use of the Services that is not in accordance with the
restrictions and rules provided by these Terms of Service is strictly
prohibited. We reserve the right to immediately deny or revoke your license to
the Services if you violate any of the terms described herein and we may also
hold you liable for any violations of the law.
In order to have access to the Services you may not, under any
circumstances:
Engage in any act that
     Tapps considers to be in conflict with the spirit or intent of the
     Services, or make improper use of Tapps’ support services;
Use cheats, exploits,
     automation software, bots, hacks, mods or any unauthorized software
     designed to modify or interfere with the Services, or, without Tapps’
     express consent, modify or alter any portions or sections of the Services;
Interrupt, overburden,
     aid or assist in the interruption or overburdening of any device or server
     dedicated to assist or support the functioning of the Services;
Employ, assist or become
     involved in any type of attack, including but not limited to virus
     distribution, denial-of-service attacks, or other attempts to interfere
     with the Services or to disturb any other person’s use of the Services;
Attempt to gain
     unauthorized access to the Services, to Accounts registered to third
     parties or to the computers, servers, or networks connected to the
     Services, by any means other than the user interface provided by Tapps,
     including but not limited to attempts or actions to circumvent or modify,
     or to encourage or assist third parties to circumvent or modify, any
     security feature, technology, device, or software that is part of the
     Services;
Post anything on the
     Services that is somehow abusive, threatening, obscene, defamatory,
     racist, sexist, religiously intolerant or otherwise offensive;
Post any data on the
     Services that contains nudity or excessive violence, or which contains a
     link to such kind of content;
Harass, abuse or harm,
     or advocate or incite harassment, abuse or harm to another person or
     group, including Tapps’ employees and customer service representatives;
Transmit or post on the
     Services any material or information that infringes any copyright,
     trademark, patent, trade secret, right of privacy, right of publicity or
     any other right of any person or entity, especially through the
     impersonation of such person, including but not limited to a Tapps’ employee;
Reverse engineer,
     decompile, disassemble, decipher or otherwise attempt to derive the source
     code for any underlying software or other intellectual property used for
     the provision of the Services, or to obtain any data from the Services
     using any method not expressly permitted by Tapps;
Transgress, disobey or
     fail to comply with any applicable international or domestic legislation;
Solicit, collect, steal,
     extort or attempt to solicit, collect, steal or extort any personal
     information from other Users or to post anyone’s private information on
     the Services, including personally identifiable information (whether in
     text, image or video form), identification documents and financial data.
TAPPS RESERVES THE SOLE RIGHT TO DETERMINE WHAT CONDUCT IT DEEMS TO
BE IN CONTRADICTION TO THESE TERMS OF SERVICE. TAPPS RESERVES THE RIGHT TO TAKE
ACTION AS A RESULT, WHICH MAY INCLUDE BUT IS NOT LIMITED TO DELETING YOUR
ACCOUNT AND PROHIBITING YOU FROM USING THE SERVICES.
2.4.      License Suspension and
Termination
Without limitation to any other remedies or actions, Tapps
reserves the right to restrict, modify, suspend or delete Accounts or to limit
the access to the Services or portions thereof, with or without notice to you,
if you are, or if Tapps suspects that you are, failing to comply with any of
the Tapps Terms or taking part in any actual or suspected illegal or improper
use of the Services. Tapps may, at its sole discretion, reclaim or delete your
username, display name and avatar as a result of Account termination or
restriction, as well as revoke any benefits, privileges, earned items and
purchased items associated with your use of the Services, and Tapps has no
obligation to compensate you for any loss or damage resulting from such
restrictions or revocations.
Without limitation to any other remedies or actions, Tapps reserves
the right to limit, suspend or terminate the Accounts and Services or portions
thereof, with or without notice to You, prohibit access to our Games and
Websites, delay or remove hosted content and take technical and legal actions
to prevent you from accessing and using the Services if we believe that you are
violating any law, infringing any third parties’ intellectual property rights,
or not acting in accordance with the e Tapps Terms.
Tapps may also terminate any Account that has been inactive for 180
days.
Tapps may, at any time and in its sole discretion, stop offering
and/or supporting the Services or any of its portions thereof, at which point
your license to use the Services or any of its portions thereof will be
automatically terminated. Tapps shall not be liable for providing any refunds,
payments or other compensation to you due to such termination of the Services.
You may delete your Account at any time and for any reason by
contacting Tapps at
data-controller@tapps.com.br
and properly informing Tapps that you wish to terminate your Account.
3.         License
Ownership
3.1.      Services
You have obtained a license to use the Services and your rights are
subject to these Terms of Service, to the Privacy Policy and to the
Supplemental Policies. You acknowledge and agree that all copyright, trademarks
and all other intellectual property rights (collectively, “Intellectual
Property Rights”) related to all material or content supplied as part of the
Services shall remain at all times owned by Tapps or by their respective third
party owners (“Licensors”). You are permitted to use this material only as
expressly authorized by Tapps or by the Licensors. You acknowledge and agree
that the material and content contained within the Services is made available
for your personal non-commercial use only.
3.2.      Copyright & Trademarks
The Intellectual Property Rights related to the Services and the
materials on or accessible via them are owned by Tapps or its Licensors. The
Services and the materials on or accessible via them and the Intellectual
Property Rights therein may not be copied, distributed, published, licensed,
used or reproduced in any way (except to the extent strictly necessary for
accessing and using the Services).
The brand name “Tapps” and the Tapps Logo are trademarks owned by
Tapps, and they may not be used, copied or reproduced in any way without
written consent from Us.
All trademarks not owned by Tapps are the property of their
respective third-party owners and are used with their permission. Nothing
contained on the Services may be construed as granting, by implication,
estoppel or otherwise, any right or license to use any trademark.
For the purposes described above, the Intellectual Property Rights
include but are not limited to any patent, software, trademark, trade name,
service mark, service name, design, design right, copyright, sequence, “look
and feel” and arrangement of items, database rights, moral rights, know-how,
trade secret and other confidential information, rights related to any of these
items in any country, rights in the nature of unfair competition rights and
rights to sue for passing off or other similar intellectual or commercial right
(in each case whether or not registered or registrable) and registrations of
and applications to register any of them.
3.3.      Virtual Items
Tapps owns, has licensed, or otherwise has rights to use all content
featured or originated in the Services. You agree that you have no right or
title to any content featured or originated in the Services, including but not
limited to (a) “Virtual Currency,” whether virtual cash, diamonds or other, and
(b) “Virtual In-Game Items,” (collectively, “Virtual Items”), whether earned in
a game or purchased from Tapps, or any other components associated with an
Account or stored on the Services.
All purchases and redemptions of Virtual Items made through the
Services are final and non-refundable.
You acknowledge and agree that Virtual Items have no cash value and
that neither Tapps nor any other person or entity has any obligation to
exchange your Virtual Items for anything of value, including but not limited to
real currency or goods, and that, if your Account is terminated, suspended or
otherwise modified or if your right to access the Services is terminated, the
virtual items attached to your Account shall have no value.
4.         User Content
4.1. General Terms
“User Content” means any communications, images, sounds, and all the
material, data and information that users transmit through the Services. By
transmitting or submitting any User Content while using the Services, you affirm,
represent and warrant that such transmission or submission is:
(a)
accurate and not confidential;
(b)
not in violation of any laws,
contractual restrictions or third-party rights, and that you have permission
from any third party whose Personal Information or intellectual property is
comprised in the User Content; and
(c)
free of viruses, adware,
spyware, worms or other malicious code.
Tapps may, at any time, at its sole discretion and without prior
notice, review, analyze, edit, delete, disable access to or otherwise make
unavailable any User Content, regardless of its reasons in doing so.
4.2. Content Screening
Tapps will not be held responsible for any submissions of User
Content and assumes no responsibility for monitoring the Services in search of
inappropriate content or material. Tapps is not able and does not possess the
resources necessary to analyze all User Content. Thus, Tapps does not
pre-screen or monitor all such content. By using the Services, you may be
exposed to User Content that is offensive, indecent or otherwise not in line
with your expectations. You bear all risks associated with your use of the
Services and your access to any User Content available in connection with them.
At our discretion and only in terms according the legislation we
follow and respecting the rights established in our Policies, our
representatives or technology may monitor and/or record your interaction with
the Services or communications (including but not limited to chat text) when
you are using the Services.
By entering into these Terms of Service, you hereby provide your
irrevocable consent to such monitoring and recording, except for a COPPA
purposes and regarding Children, where the parental consent will be
obligatorily verified.
If at any time Tapps chooses, at its sole discretion, to monitor the
Services, Tapps nonetheless assumes no responsibility for User Content and
assumes no obligation to modify or remove any inappropriate User Content. We,
after the parental consent, also allow all parents to view information their
children have uploaded and there will be a procedure to delete it, by sending
an e-mail to data-controller@tappsgames.com
We have the right, but not the obligation, at our sole discretion,
to edit, refuse to post or remove any User Content.
4.3.      Display of Information
Through the Services
4.3.1.   User Ideas
Tapps does not accept or take into account any unsolicited ideas
displayed by Users, including ideas for new promotions, products, games,
applications, technologies, processes or other ideas (collectively, "User
Ideas"). You must not transmit to or through the Services or Third-Party
Platforms any User Ideas that you consider to be confidential or proprietary.
You agree that Tapps shall not be required to treat any User Ideas as being
confidential or proprietary. You are responsible and liable for any User Ideas
you submit.
You agree that, by submitting User Ideas to Tapps, including any
concepts, know-how or technologies, you hereby grant Tapps a perpetual,
irrevocable, worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, sublicenseable and
transferable license to use, reproduce, distribute, sell, exploit, prepare
derivative works of and display the User Ideas in connection with the Services,
and with Tapps’ (and its successor’s) business, including but not limited to
promoting and redistributing part or all of the User Ideas (and derivative works
thereof) in any media formats and through any media channels, whether now known
or hereafter developed, without payment or accounting to you or others. Tapps
is under no obligation to evaluate, review, use or remunerate any User Idea.
4.3.2.   Responsibility for Your Own Content
You are solely responsible for the information that you, by any
means, share through our Services or in connection with the Services, and as
well as for the information you provide to third parties. Tapps reserves the
right to reject, refuse to post or delete, at its sole discretion, for any or
no reason, any User Content made available through the Services.
4.4.      Grant of License to Tapps
You hereby grant to Tapps an irrevocable, perpetual, transferable,
fully paid-up, royalty-free, worldwide license (including the right to
sublicense and assign to third party) and right to copy, reproduce, fix, adapt,
modify, create derivative works from, manufacture, commercialize, publish,
distribute, sell, license, sublicense, transfer, lease, transmit, publicly
display, publicly perform, or provide access to electronically, broadcast,
communicate to the public by telecommunication, display, perform, enter into
computer memory, and use and practice, in any way, your User Content as well as
all modified and derivative works thereof in connection with our provision of
the Services, including marketing and promotions of such Services.
You hereby further grant to Tapps the unconditional, irrevocable
right to use and exploit your name, username, display name, avatar and any
other information or material included in any User Content and in connection
with any User Content, without any obligation to you. Except as prohibited by
law, you waive any rights of attribution and/or any moral rights you may have
in connection to your User Content, regardless of whether your User Content is
amended or changed in any manner.
Tapps does not claim any ownership rights over your User Content and
nothing in these Terms of Service is intended to restrict any rights that you
may have to use and exploit your User Content. You hereby acknowledge and agree
that Tapps has no obligation to monitor or enforce your intellectual property
rights in connection to your User Content.
4.5.      User Interactions
You are solely responsible for your interactions with other Users
and any other parties with whom you interact through the Services. Tapps
reserves the right, but has no obligation, to become involved in any way with
these interactions and occasional related disputes. You will fully cooperate
with Tapps to investigate any suspected unlawful, fraudulent or improper
activity, including but not limited to granting Tapps access to any
password-protected sections of your Account.
If you have a dispute with one or more Users, you hereby release
Tapps and any of its officers, directors, agents, subsidiaries, joint ventures
and employees from any liabilities, and you also waive all claims, demands and
damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown,
arising out of or in any way connected with such disputes.
4.6.      User Content from Children
As fully described in our
Privacy Policy
,
Tapps respect the Children’s rights and, consequently, does not collect, use or
disclose or allow any third parties to collect, use or disclose any Personal
Information from children. If we learn that we have collected any Personal
Information from children, we will delete that information as quickly as
possible. Please contact us at
data-controller@tapps.com.br
if you have any reason to suspect that Tapps has collected Personal Information
from Children. Upon your notification, we will investigate it promptly and if
it turns out to be accurate, we will than delete the improper Personal
Information as quickly as possible.
Nevertheless, there in a specific a process for parents to review
all information that can collected only through authorization and for to
require deletion. No personal data in processed without a clear and transparent
parental consent.
5.         Purchase
Terms
5.1.      General Conditions of
Purchases
In the Services, you may purchase, with real currency, a limited,
personal, non-assignable and revocable license to use Virtual Items and other
goods or services (“Merchandise”). You may also obtain a license to use Virtual
Items by redeeming third parties’ virtual currency, including but not limited
to Facebook Credits. You acknowledge that you do not own or have any rights
regarding the Virtual Items or Merchandise that you might acquire.
Tapps reserves the right to manage, control, alter or delete Virtual
Items and/or Merchandise at any time, with or without notice, and without any
liability towards you or any third party.
The display of Virtual Items for use in the Services will begin
immediately upon acceptance of your purchase by Tapps.
Any unauthorized transferring, trading, selling or exchanging of any
Virtual Items or Accounts ("Unauthorized Transactions") with anyone,
including other Users, is strictly forbidden under these Terms. All Users who
engage in such activities do so at their own risk and hereby agree to indemnify
Tapps against any and all consequences, claims and liabilities resulting from
such actions.
You acknowledge that Tapps may suspend, terminate, discontinue, or reverse
any Unauthorized Transaction, regardless of when such Unauthorized Transaction
occurred (or is yet to occur).
You further agree that Tapps may, at its sole discretion, cancel any
transaction that is not in its best interest, or may debit your balance of
Virtual Currency, which may drain your balance to a zero amount. Tapps may
also, at its sole discretion, terminate, suspend, or modify your Account if you
engage or assist in any Unauthorized Transaction.
Verification of certain information applicable to a transaction
involving Virtual Items may be required prior to Tapps’ acceptance thereof. In
addition, as a condition to receiving certain Virtual Items, or other awards
for participating in promotions, you may be required to provide additional information,
to sign a release, or to authorize the use of certain information about you in
Tapps’ marketing materials and other activities related to the Services.
You warrant and agree that Tapps shall have no liability for the use
or loss of such information, or of Virtual Items, due to any unauthorized third
party activity, such as hacking, phishing, password mining, social engineering,
and/or any other unauthorized third party or other Users´ activity. Tapps may
replace such lost Virtual Items under certain circumstances, at its sole
discretion on a case-by-case basis, without incurring in any obligation or
liability.
Tapps or its designated agent may require you to provide your credit
card number or any other billing information that may be deemed as necessary in
order to purchase Virtual Items. You may also be presented with the option of
participating in third party offers to receive Virtual Currency.
Tapps is not responsible or liable to you for any credit card or
bank-related charges and fees related to your transactions in the Services, on
or through Third Party Platforms, or for your participation in any third party
offers. All such transactions are administered by a third-party payment
processor and/or store. Tapps expressly disclaims any liability for those
payment transactions, including fraudulent use of your credit card, bank
account or other type of payment account by third parties, and you agree that
your sole avenue of recourse regarding problems with the payment transactions
is through the respective third party processor and/or store.
You acknowledge and agree:
(a)
that any credit card
transaction-related information will be treated by Tapps as described in our
Privacy Policy and, as applicable, in the privacy policies of the respective
third-party payment processor(s) or stores;
(b)
that all credit card and other
payment related information that you provide to Tapps, its designated payment
processor or store, or a third-party providing offers, is accurate, current and
complete;
(c)
that you will pay any and all
charges incurred by you resulting from your purchase at the rate(s) in effect
when such charges are incurred and
(d)
that you are responsible for
any and all federal, state and local taxes and penalties, if any, relating to
or arising from your purchase.
You further agree to pay all fees and applicable taxes incurred by
you or anyone using an Account registered to you. Tapps reserves the right to
revise, at any time, the prices of all the goods and services offered through
the Services.
You acknowledge that Tapps is not required to provide any refunds,
payments or other compensation if your Account is terminated, whether such
termination was voluntary or involuntary, or whether you made the payment
through Tapps or any other designated agent, as previously described in Section
3.3.
5.2.      Platform Provider Additional
Terms
The Applications will be made available on the platforms
(“Platforms”) provided by third parties (“Platform Providers”).
The respective
Platform Provider Terms of Use, Privacy Policy or any other policy, rules or
codes of conduct relating to the use of the Platform, (collectively, “Platform
Provider Terms”) govern your use of the following Platforms:
(a)
iTunes Store, Mac App Store and
App Store, all provided and maintained by Apple Inc. (iOS Platform);
(b)
Google Play, provided and
maintained by Google Inc. (Android Platform);
(c)
Amazon Appstore provided and
maintained by Amazon Digital Services Inc. (Amazon AppStore Sourced Software).
(d)
Windows Phone Store, provided
and maintained by Microsoft Corporation (Windows Platform)
(e)
Huawei App Store, provided and
maintained by Huawei Device Co., Ltd.
The specific provisions applicable for each Platform Provider are
clearly detailed on their own Platform Provider Terms. By downloading the
Application from a Platform, You acknowledge that you have read, reviewed,
understood and accepted the Platform Provider Terms and that you agree to be
bound by them and to comply with all the applicable laws and regulations regarding
the use of the Platform.
If you do not agree to the Platform Provider Terms, or do not wish
to be bound by them, do not install or use the Services. If any provision of
these Terms of Service conflicts with the Platform Provider Terms, the former
shall prevail.
The Platform Provider may reserve the right, at its discretion, to
change, modify, add or remove portions of its Platform Provider Terms at any
time by posting the respective amendments on the Platform. You will be deemed
to have accepted such changes by continuing to use the Platform and the
Services. If at any point you do not agree to any portion of the then-current
version of the Platform Provider Terms, you must immediately stop using the
Platform and the Services.
These Terms of Service represent the agreement between you and
Tapps, and not with the Platform Provider, whom is not deemed as a party of
these Terms. However, you acknowledge that the Platform Provider and its
subsidiaries are third-party beneficiaries of these Terms of Service and thus
have the right (and are deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce these
Terms of Service.
Tapps is solely responsible for the Applications and any related
content therein. You acknowledge that the Platform Provider has no obligation
whatsoever to provide any maintenance and support services with respect to the
Application.
If you access the Services from any other online market for software
applications not expressly stated herein, you acknowledge that you have
reviewed and accepted such market’s own terms of service and privacy policies.
6.         Services
Updates
You understand that the Services are subject to further
developments, adjustments and updates. you may be required to accept updates to
the Services you have installed in your device in order to continue using them.
You acknowledge and agree that Tapps may, at its sole discretion, unilaterally
update the Services, with or without notifying you. Additionally, you may also
need to update third-party software from time to time in order to keep
accessing and using the Services.
7.         Disclaimer
of Warranties
Further to the limitation of liability described under Section 8
below, the Services are provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis for
your use, without warranties of any kind, expressed or implied, including but
not limited to the warranties of merchantability, completeness, reliability,
fitness for a particular purpose, title, non-infringement, and those arising
from course of dealing or usage of trade. Tapps does not warrant that you will
always, at any time or location, be able to access or use the Services, and
neither warrant that the Services will be provided uninterruptedly or
error-freely, that eventual defects will be corrected, or that the Services are
free of viruses or other harmful components.
8.         Limitations
of Liability and Indemnification
Tapps shall not be held responsible for any indirect, incidental,
consequential, special, punitive or other similar damages suffered by you or
any other users, including but not limited to loss of revenues, lost profits,
lost data or business interruption or other intangible losses (however such
losses are qualified), arising out of or relating in any way to these Terms of
Service or the Services themselves, whether based on contract, tort or any
other legal theory, and whether or not Tapps has been advised of the
possibility of such damages.
Notwithstanding the limitations above, Tapps liability is limited to
the total amount you have paid to Tapps in accordance with these Terms of
Service during the six (6) months immediately preceding the date on which you
first assert a claim. You acknowledge and agree that if you have not paid
anything to Tapps during such time period, your sole and exclusive remedy (and
Tapps’ exclusive liability) for any dispute concerning Tapps or any of its
affiliates or agents is to stop using the Services and to cancel your Account.
Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties
or the limitation or exclusion of liability for certain types of damages.
Accordingly, some of the above disclaimers and limitations may not apply to
you. To the extent that Tapps may not, as a result of law application, disclaim
any warranty or limit its liability as set forth herein, the scope of such
warranty and the extent of Tapps’ liability shall be the minimum permitted
under such applicable law.
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold Tapps harmless from and
against any and all claims, demands, damages or other losses, including
reasonable attorneys’ fees, asserted by any third-party resulting from or
arising out of your use of the Services, or from any breach of these Terms of
Service by you, provided the infringement of rights is attributable to your intentional
or negligent behavior.
9.         Third-Party
Offerings
The Services may include links to other websites or services
(including advertisements and payment providers) solely as a convenience to you
("Linked Sites"), as further detailed in our Privacy Policy. The
display of any Linked Sites on the Services does not imply the endorsement by
Tapps of any content, information, material, products or services provided or
posted by third party through such Linked Sites.
You are responsible for reading and complying with the privacy
statements and terms of use posted by third parties at any Linked Sites before
using or accessing them. Note that Tapps does not have any control over the
content and information posted or transmitted through Linked Sites and may not
be held responsible if they are not functioning properly.
You hereby acknowledge and agree that the access and use of Linked
Sites, including the information, material, products, and services provided by
or available through them, is solely at your own risk, and you acknowledge and
agree that Tapps is not responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any
loss or damage caused or alleged to be caused by your use of any Linked Sites.
Your correspondence or business dealings with, or participation in
promotions of advertisers found on or through the Services are solely between
you and such advertiser and shall not construe any liability or responsibility
whatsoever for Tapps.
10.       General Provisions
10.1.    Assignability of the Terms
Tapps may assign or delegate, at its sole discretion and at any
time, the Tapps Terms, in whole or in part, to any person or entity. You may
not assign or delegate any rights or obligations stipulated under the Tapps
Terms without Tapps’ prior written consent, and any unauthorized assignment and
delegation by you shall be deemed as ineffective.
10.2.    Supplemental Policies
Tapps may enact and publish Supplemental Policies at any time, as
defined under Section 1 above, related to specific services such as forums,
contests or loyalty programs. Your right to use such additional services is
subject to those Supplemental Policies and to these Terms of Service.
10.3.    Hierarchy of Agreements
These Terms of Service contain the entire understanding between you
and Tapps and supersede all prior agreements and understandings of the parties
hereto relating to the subject matter hereof, whether electronic, oral or
written, or whether established by custom, practice, policy or precedent.
10.4.    Severability
You and Tapps agree that if any portion of the Tapps Terms is found
illegal or unenforceable, in whole or in part, by any court of competent
jurisdiction, such provision shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective
solely to the extent of such determination of invalidity or unenforceability,
without affecting the validity or enforceability thereof in any other manner or
jurisdiction and without affecting the remaining provisions of the terms, which
shall continue to be in full force and effect.
10.5.    Waiver and Modification of the Terms
If Tapps fails to require or enforce the strict performance by you
of any provision of the Tapps Terms or fails to exercise any right under them,
such failure shall not be considered as a waiver or relinquishment of Tapps’
right to assert or rely upon any such provision or right in that or any other
instance.
A waiver of any provision of the Tapps Terms will only be valid if
provided in writing and will only be applicable to the specific incident and
occurrence so waived.
Except as expressly and specifically set forth in these Terms of
Service, no representations, statements, consents, waivers, or other acts or
omissions by Tapps shall be deemed as modification of these Terms of Service nor
legally binding, unless documented in physical writing, hand signed by you and
a duly appointed officer of Tapps.
10.6.    Notices
We may send you notifications via postings on our Websites or
through any other communication means that You have provided Us with. All
notices served by you or required from you under the Tapps Terms shall be in
writing and addressed to:
Tapps Tecnologia da Informação Ltda
PO Box 77836
São Paulo, SP - 05503-001
Brazil
Any notices that you may send Us and that is not in accordance with
this Section shall have no legal effect.
10.7.    Legal Remedies
You acknowledge that the rights granted to Tapps and obligations
undertaken by you under these Terms of Service are of a unique and
irreplaceable nature, the loss of which shall irreparably harm Tapps, and that
cannot be replaced by monetary damages alone, so that Tapps shall be entitled
to injunctive or other equitable relief (without the obligations of posting any
bond or surety or proof of damages) in the event of any breach or anticipatory
breach by you.
You irrevocably waive all rights to seek injunctive or other
equitable relief, or to restrain the operation of the Services, exploitation of
any advertising or other materials issued in connection therewith, or exploitation
of the Services or any content or other material used or displayed through the
Services, and agree to limit your claims to claims for monetary damages, in
accordance with the restricted scope of Section 8, if any.
10.8.    Force Majeure
Tapps shall not be liable for any delay or failure to perform
resulting from causes outside its reasonable control, including, but not
limited to, internet and telecommunication failures, acts of God or
governmental action, acts by hackers or other malicious third parties, problems
with the Internet, war, terrorism, riots, embargoes, acts of civil or military
authorities, fire, floods, accidents, strikes, or shortages of transportation
facilities, and fuel, energy, labor or other materials shortage.
11.       Dispute Resolution and
Governing Law
If a dispute arises between you and Tapps, We strongly encourage you
to first contact us directly at
contact@tappsgames.com
in order to seek a mutual agreement. You agree that all disputes between you
and Tapps shall be governed by the laws of Brazil, without regard to any
conflict of law provisions. You agree that any claim or dispute you may have
against Tapps must be resolved exclusively by a court located in the city of
Sao Paulo, Brazil.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://pp.tappsgames.com/privacy-policy.htm:
PRIVACY
POLICY
Last Updated:
December
5
2019
1.
INTRODUCTION
TAPPS TECNOLOGIA
DA INFORMAÇÃO LTDA.
(“
Tapps
,
” “we,” “our” or
“us”) is dedicated to protecting the privacy rights of our users.
Tapps understands that the protection of
individuals regarding the processing of personal data is a fundamental right.
Therefore, the principles and rules on the protection of individuals regarding
the processing of their personal data should respect, regardless of their
nationality or place of residence, their fundamental rights and freedoms,
including the right to the protection of personal data.
Tapps
is
committed
not only to protecting the
privacy of those who use our sites and applications (collectively, our
“Services,” explained in more detail below), but also
to
contribute to the establishment of an area of freedom and security,
environment,
economic and social
progress, the consolidation and convergence of economies in the internal market
and the well-being of natural persons.
This privacy policy (“Privacy
Policy”) governs the relationship between you and
Tapps
and
describes the ways we, under and respecting the specific regulation, collect,
store, use, and manage your “Information,” which includes but is not limited to
your name, profile photo, gender, age or birthday, links to your profiles on
social networking websites and other third party sites, user names, e-mail and
mail addresses, Internet Protocol (IP) address, number of accesses, browser
type and language, referring website addresses, session activity and general
geo-location information that you provide or we collect in connection with our
Services.
This Privacy Policy governs the use
of
Tapps
’ Services by users for teenagers and
adults (meaning people who are above the age of thirteen (13)).
As detailed in
Tapps
’
Terms of Service
, our Services include
games, websites, including but not limited to
tappsgames.com
(collectively, “Websites”), the
Tapps
services
provided on or through the websites and/or accessible through various desktop
and mobile web browsers, locally installed mobile web applications including
but not limited to the games (“Applications”), third-party platforms,
and various API services and other services
that we may offer from time to time.
This Privacy Policy applies whenever you access,
play or use the Services. Your right to use the Services is subject to your
compliance with
all of
the terms and conditions
set forth herein. Use of the Services is also governed by Terms of Service, a
link to which is available in Section 14 and is incorporated herein by
reference.
Before accessing or using the Services, including
browsing the Websites or accessing the Applications, you must verify our
Privacy Policy as well as the
Terms of
Service
, and if you agree, the acceptance must be individually. You may
also be required to register an account (“Account”).
By entering, connecting to, accessing, or using the Services, we
provide you with the data processing options and all information regarding the
lawful basis; if we want
to collect your personal data, we will ask you
for permission. We : a) ask you in a way that is clearly understood, explaining
exactly what it will do, and it is separate from its other terms and conditions;
b) tell you all the organizations that will be relying on your consent; c)
ask you to take an action to give your
permission. This action
has to
be positive
eg
ticking a box.
We
also do not use pre-ticked boxes as well as we give you a genuine free choice
about whether to consent and they need to make you aware that you can take away
your consent at any time.
If you or, as applicable, your legal
guardian, disagree to any term provided herein, you may not
install, access, and/or use the Services and you are requested to
promptly erase the Applications, and any part thereof, from your
mobile device.
If you are under the age of eighteen (18), even if you represent
that your legal guardian has reviewed and agreed to this Privacy Policy , we still
make every reasonable effort to verify that consent has been given or
authorized by the legal guardian, taking into account available technology. In
addition, respecting GDPR
, the
processing of the personal data of a child shall be
lawful where the child is at least 18 years old
.
This Privacy Policy describes:
·
What Information from
users is collected, how it is collected, and why;
·
how that Information is
used and with whom we share it;
·
how you can access and update
that Information;
·
your rights and choices about
how we collect, use, and share your Information and
·
how we protect
the Information we store about you.
2.         COLLECTION
AND USE OF INFORMATION BY TAPPS
2.1.      Information About You that
We can Collect
The possible use of your Information by
Tapps
and its Partners (defined below) is only under
your prior consent and is regulated under the terms of this Privacy Policy, as
further described below.
We can collect your personal information as follows:
·
Advertising
– collection is triggered when the user watches an ad
·
In
game – collection is triggered by the behavior of the user in the game
s.a.
level completion, purchase,
etc
·
Install/
uninstall – collection is triggered when user installs or uninstalls one of our
apps
Tapps
may allow
third parties, including but not limited to ad networks (“Ad
Networks”), advertisers (“Advertisers”), analytics companies (“Analytics
Providers”), payment processors (“Payment Processors”), and platform providers
(“Platform Providers”), collectively “Partners,” to collect your
Information for their own use.
The information that third parties may collect will be always under
the
interests or the fundamental
rights and freedoms of the data subject, taking into consideration the
reasonable expectations of data subjects based on their relationship with the
controller.
The Information that can be collected by third parties may
include the following technical information: type of operation system (e.g.
Android, iOS, etc.), type of browser (e.g. Explorer, Firefox, Chrome, Safari,
etc.), screen resolution (e.g. 800×600, 1024×768, etc.), language (e.g.
English), device type (e.g. Galaxy, HTC, iPhone, etc.) and general
geo-location. In addition,
In
order to enhance transparency and compliance with the Regulations regarding
this Policy, the
information our partners may collect are encompasses:
Device identifiers, such as your IP address, iOS for Advertising Identifier
(IDFA), Android Advertising ID;
information
about your use of applications; Information about the offered, viewed, or
clicked ads such as the type of ad where the ad was offered, whether you
clicked on it, and whether you visited the advertiser's website or downloaded
the advertiser's application.
Partners may also collect a “Persistent Identifier” (such as an IP
address, unique device identifier or advertising identifier) from you.
Tapps
may collect, use and provide access to your
advertising identifier in accordance with the applicable Platform Provider's
policies.
2.2.      Information About You that
We Use
The Information we collect
is compatible with the purposes for which the personal data
were initially collected
as well as is used by us only
to provide a better Service experience, including but not limited to the
following:
·
to operate, improve and
optimize the Services and your experiences;
·
to provide technical support
and respond to your inquiries;
·
to protect your safety and
well-being;
·
to prevent fraud or potentially
illegal activities, and to enforce our Terms of Service;
·
to manage and deliver
advertising;
·
to notify players of in-game
updates, new products or promotional offers;
·
to administer rewards, surveys,
sweepstakes, contests or other promotional activities or events sponsored or
managed by us or by our business partners;
·
to comply with our legal
obligations, resolve any disputes we may have with you or other users and to
enforce our agreements with third parties and
·
to conduct research.
2.3.      Information About You that
We Share
We may share your Information with Partners or allow them to
collect your Information from our Services for the purposes described
herein,
a data subject is,
nevertheless, entitled to object to the processing of any personal data
relating to his or her particular situation.
:
(i)
Only by your previous consent,
we may share your Information with our Partners, which are described
above,
for their own activities
purposes
and subject to their separate
privacy (
for the first time you accesses the game you have an option to
choose whether or not
accept it and
after your choice, you can change it through
game settings at any time
). If you have any doubt, please contact us
at
data-controller@tapps.com.br
. If you no longer wish to receive communications from any of our
Partners, please contact the Partner directly.
(ii)
Tapps
may
engage Partners to perform services on our behalf, like processing payments,
analyzing data, optimizing game play, delivering e-mails, hosting services and
helping us in our marketing efforts, including managing and delivering
advertisements. Such Partners may have access to your Information in
connection with the performance of these services.
(iii)
We may disclose
your Information as required by law, such as to comply with a
subpoena, or when we believe that release is appropriate to comply with the
law, to investigate a fraud, respond to a government request, enforce or apply
our rights or protect the rights, property or safety of us or our users or
others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and
organizations for fraud protection.
Our
Websites are a service from
WordPress
, which may
use cookies and usage data to perform analysis. We also use web services such
as Parse to store usernames and password. To check how
WordPress
and
Parse work and their privacy policies, see Section 14.
If you have any questions about how the Partners
use your Information or for how long they keep it, please refer to their
privacy policies
linked to in Section
14.
3.         COLLECTION
AND USE OF INFORMATION BY THIRD PARTIES
3.1.      Ad Networks
Tapps
publishes
advertising on the Services so that we can continue to offer many of the
Services for free. Such advertisements are provided by Ad Networks, which
are carefully selected to preserve compliance with the applicable privacy
laws as well as such information are clear to all users in an accessible format
that you can decide not to consent, or change your mind later by activating our
specific toll for that purpose.
Nevertheless, we have the necessary tools to formalize your choice,
if you decide not to consent anymore, or change your decision later if you have
already consented
Note that Ad Networks may collect and use your
Information, such as:
·
performance data (like the
number of clicks on an advertisement);
·
aggregated and/or de-identified
information about you and other users collectively that is not intended to
specifically identify you (
e.g.
, a
group of players between the ages of 21 and 25 who live in São Paulo);
·
certain technical information (
e.g.
, IP addresses, MAC address, IMEIs,
non-persistent device identifiers such as IDFAs and de-identified persistent
device identifiers such as a hashed Android ID);
·
geo-location information;
·
and other contextual data about
your game play (
e.g.
, your session
activity);
·
Device
identifiers, such as your IP address, iOS for Advertising Identifier (IDFA),
Android Advertising ID
·
Your
geolocation needs, when location services are enabled;
·
Information
about your device, such as the type, model, manufacturer, operating system (
eg
iOS or Android), carrier name, mobile browser (
eg
Chrome, Safari) and screen size;
·
Information
about your use of applications;
·
Information about the offered,
viewed, or clicked ads such as the type of ad where the ad was offered, whether
you clicked on it, and whether you visited the advertiser's website or
downloaded the advertiser's application.
The Information collected may be used to:
·
measure how effective
advertisements are and/or
·
undertake web analytics (which
are used to analyze traffic and other user activity to improve your
experience).
Ad Networks may collect
this Information
through the use of
tracking
technologies like browser cookies and web beacons, and they may use a single
tracking technology or multiple tracking technologies at the same time. Such
practices are subject to those Ad Networks’ policies, which
we recommend you review before interacting with them.
Please note that after clicking on an advertisement
you may be redirected to a website that is not hosted by
Tapps
.
Moreover, we may, at our discretion, advertise other
Tapps
Services within our Applications. Such
advertisements are not directed towards specific users but are rather broadly
posted on random
Tapps
Applications.
In addition, you may see our Services advertised in other
games, applications, websites and places. After clicking on one
of these advertisements and installing or accessing the Services, you
will become a user of our Services. In order to verify the installation of the
Application, a Persistent Identifier may be shared with the third
party who published our advertisement.
3.2.      Mobile
Analytics
Tapps
allows Analytics Providers to use and collect users’
Information, such as your Persistent Identifier, MAC address, IMEI, locale
(specific location where a given language is spoken), general geo-location
information, your Internet Protocol (IP) address, device type, operating
system, the links and advertisements on our Services that You clicked on, the
amount of time You interact with the Services, the events that occur within the
Services, performance data and other statistics.
We display this Information to
Analytics Providers in order to improve and enhance the Services by expanding
their features and functionalities and tailoring them to our users’ needs and
preferences. We also use the Persistent Identifier to generate and aggregate
non-identifying information about how our Services are used. We do not link the
information we store within the analytics software to any identifying
Information you submit within the Services.
If you want (or not) your Information
to be collected by Analytics Providers, we offer an opt-in and opt-out options
in our game’s settings.
Please refer to our list of Analytics
Providers for more information on how to opt out
in Section 14.
3.3.      Social
Media Features and Game Center Features
Our Websites include
social media features (“Social Features”), such as the Facebook “like button.”
These Social Features may collect your IP address and which page you are visiting;
they may also set a cookie to enable the Social Feature to function properly.
Social Features are hosted by a third party or hosted directly on the
Websites.
Your interactions with these Social
Features are governed by the privacy policy of the respective company providing
them. Links to these privacy policies are provided in Section 14.
Our Applications may enable certain
game center features (“Game Center Features”) and may include Social Features
as well. The Game Center Features and the Social Features are operated or allow
for social integration with certain third-party social networks (“Social
Networks”),
e.g.
, Facebook Connect or
other third-party platforms (“Social Platforms”).
These Social Networks and Social
Platforms are created and maintained by third parties (“Social Partners”) who
are not affiliated with and/or controlled by
Tapps
.
If you enable integration with such
Social Networks and Social Platforms, your use of the Game Center Features
and/or the Social Features is subject to the applicable Social Partners’ terms
of use and privacy policies (collectively, “Social Terms”), for example:
·
Apple Game Center (terms are
available at
https://www.apple.com/legal/internet-services/itunes/gamecenter/us/terms.html
)
;
·
Google Play Games (terms are
available at
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.play.games
)
;
·
Amazon
GameCircle
(terms are available at:
https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=201371550
)
;
and
·
Microsoft Windows Phone (terms
are available at
https://privacy.microsoft.com/privacystatement
)
·
Huawei App Store (terms are
available at
https://consumer.huawei.com/en/privacy/privacy-policy/
)
You should ensure that you have read
the Social Terms in order to comprehend how they treat your information and to
understand the methods for changing the privacy or sharing settings on the
Social Networks and Social Platforms.
If you do not agree to the practices
described in the Social Terms, you should not allow the Applications to
interact with such Social Networks or Social Platforms. However, you may find
that you are not able to enjoy all the features that may be made available by
the Applications.
You understand that where you allow
interaction with any Social Network or Social Platform, we may share data about
you with your contacts which are considered as the user that already has on the
applicable social network or social platform(“Contacts”), and vice versa, so
that you may enjoy Game Features and Social Features. This data may include,
without limitation, your scores and/or progress in our Applications, your name,
your social media profile picture, descriptions of your service activity and
any test that you may upload. Your Contacts will also be able to send you
requests through the related Social Network or Social Platform.
The use of Social Features or Game
Features enables the sharing of information with your Contacts or the public,
depending on the settings you establish with the Social Partner that provides
such features. You hereby understand and agree that when you share content via
Social Networks or Social Platforms your content may become public and any
person may re-post-it. Your interactions with these Social Features or Game
Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing them.
3.4.      Tracking
Technologies
Tapps
may
allow Partners to place or recognize industry-wide technologies such as APIs,
and SDKs and/or other tracking technologies. It is important to mention that
you can choose in advance and at your own discretion whether or not you wish to
make your personal data available in the game and that your decision is not
only respected by Tapps but also is passed on to our partners.
Such Partners’ technologies (“Partners’ Tech”) may be stored on your
device by Partners, rather than by
Tapps
.
Partners’ Tech usually store non-identifying Information such as the
web pages you have visited, the duration of your browsing, etc. This Privacy
Policy does not cover the use of tracking tools by Partners.
Tapps
does not have access or control over its
Partners. In order to understand the functioning of Partners Cookies or related
technologies used in our Services, please visit the links in Section 12.
3.4.1
Opting Out of
Tracking
Technologies
It is easy to prohibit Partners’ Techs. Most browsers and
platforms will allow you to erase Partners’ Cookies from your device’s hard
drive, block acceptance of cookies, limit the type of cookies you allow
or receive a warning before a cookie is stored. However, if you
block or erase Partners’ Cookies, your online experience may be limited,
because Partners Cookies are necessary to track and enhance your Services
activities.
4.         IN-APP
PURCHASES
Although our Applications are free, they
include in-app purchases (“App Purchases”), but we do not collect personal’s
payment information through in-app purchases.
All App Purchases are made through
our Partners’ stores (“Stores”). Therefore, in order to make an App Purchase,
you will need to access your Store account (“Store Account”), which may require
entering the Store password (“Store Password”). You hereby agree and
acknowledge that you are responsible for maintaining the security of your Store
Password.
You should be aware that some Stores may allow for a short window
after the downloading of an Application, during which App Purchases may be made
without inserting your Store Password. You should also
take
into account
that OS 2.1 or older versions of Android mobile phones do
not require the entering of a Store Password to carry out App
Purchases.
Regarding your privacy and in order to prevent accidental or
unwanted purchases, you can create a specific password/PIN to prevent it
from happening at
Apple
,
Google Play
,
Windows
Phone
,
Amazon
and
Huawei
.
Please note that purchases of Stores’ credits or currencies may also
be subject to their own policies.
5.         PURCHASE OF
MERCHANDISE
Some of our Services may contain links that will
redirect you to a third-party website where they may purchase
certain merchandise (“Merchandise”) which are offered for sale or
otherwise distributed by third-party vendors (“Vendors”).
The Vendors are responsible for the Merchandise and the
Merchandise operations. The Vendors may collect Information from users who
wish to purchase Merchandise, which is required in order to enable the purchase
transaction (
e.g.
, the User's address
in order to deliver them the Merchandise, the User's payment
information in order to enable the billing and the processing of payment via
various payment methods, etc.).
Tapps
will
not collect, use or have any access to this Information collected by
Vendors. Such Information will be collected, maintained, shared,
transferred and/or used in accordance with the applicable Vendor’s privacy
policy and terms of use (“Vendors’ Terms”).
6.         LOCAL
NOTIFICATIONS
With your consent, we may send local notifications in order to
inform you about our products and services, to communicate you of Application
updates and to reengage you in use of the Application.
Local
notifications are local to your device, contextual and sent in-app only
and not from a server or in conjunction with other User information.
By
clicking on the “Allow” button, you accept local notifications, but you may
disable these messages at any time by turning off the notifications from the
“Options” or “Settings” page within the Application.
7.         SECURITY
OF YOUR INFORMATION
We implement appropriate security
measures to protect the security of your Information both online and offline.
We will take reasonable steps to ensure that your data is treated securely and
in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Although we make good faith efforts to store the
Information collected on the Services in a secure operating environment that is
not available to the public, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of that Information during
its transmission or its storage on our systems.
Furthermore, while we attempt to ensure the integrity and security
of our network and systems, we cannot guarantee that our security measures will
prevent third-party “hackers" from illegally obtaining access to
this Information.
We do not warrant or represent that your Information will be
protected against loss, misuse, or alteration by third parties. No method of
transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100%
secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Tapps
will not be liable for any harm or damage
suffered by you due to any loss, misuse or alteration of your Information by
third parties.
8.         DATA
RETENTION
We may retain your Information for as long as your Account is active
or as needed to provide you services. If you wish to cancel your Account or
request that we no longer use your Information to provide you services, contact
us at
data-controller@tapps.com.br .
We will
retain and use your Information as necessary to comply with our legal
obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements.
If you want to know for how long our Partners keep your Information,
please refer to their privacy policies, available in Section 14.
9.         POLICY
CONCERNING CHILDREN
Our Policy concerning children is established separately, in
accordance with the laws governing the subject and are available in our
website.
We do not directly collect and store any information from children.
Some information may nonetheless be collected through and maintained by
Tapps’s
third-party
providers of certain products or services, such as Ad Networks, Analytics
Providers,
etc..
You, as a parent or legal guardian of
a Kid, can find a full list of such third-party providers in Section 14.
10
.
CalOPPA
– CALIFORNIA PRIVACY
RIGHTS
California
Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits our Users who are California residents to
request certain information regarding our disclosure of Personal Information to
third parties for their direct marketing purposes. California residents have
the right to receive:
a)
information identifying any third-party company(
ies
)
to whom
Tapps
may have disclosed (within the previous
calendar year) Personal Information pertaining to You and your family for that
company’s direct marketing purposes; and
b) a
description of the categories of Personal Information disclosed.
If You are a California resident and wish to
obtain such information, submit a request here at data-controller@tapps.com.br
with
"Request for California Privacy Information" as the subject line and
in the body of your message. Please be aware that not all information sharing
is covered by requirements and only information on covered sharing will be
included in our response. Please also note that under California law,
businesses are only required to respond to a customer request once during any
calendar yea
11.     GDPR
Users
who are resident in the European Union have the following rights:
a) to access and
receive a copy of the Personal Information Tapps holds about you, free of
charge, with a time limit of one month to respond,
b) to rectify
any Personal Information held about you that is inaccurate or incomplete and
c) to request
the erasure of personal data, in some circumstances, held about you without
undue delay when the use or other processing of such personal data is no longer
necessary for the purposes for which is was collected or otherwise processed,
and in certain other circumstances,
d) to restrict
the processing of your personal data by us, in some circumstances,
e) to request
receipt or transmission to another organization, in a machine-readable form, of
the Personal Information data that the we hold,
f) to object to
the processing of your personal data for marketing purposes and/or on grounds
related to your
particular situation
.
From time to
time we may ask you to confirm the accuracy of your Personal Information. You
may have the right.
You can exercise
your rights by contacting us using the details on section 13.
In the event
that you wish to make a complaint about how we process your Personal
Information, please contact us in the first instance using the details below
and we will endeavor to deal with your request as soon as possible, as it is
our intention that Personal Information will be managed responsibly by us in
accordance with the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. This is without
prejudice to your right to file a complaint with the competent data protection
authority in the EU member state in which you reside, in the event you still
have unresolved concerns about the processing of your Personal Information.
12. CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
Tapps
reserves the right, at its discretion, to change, modify, add
or remove portions of this Privacy Policy at any time by posting the amended
terms on the Services. We will notify you of changes to this privacy policy
trough in app message.
You will be deemed to have accepted such changes by
continuing to use the Services.
If at any point you do not agree to any portion of
the then-current version of our Privacy Policy, the Terms of Service, or any
other
Tapps
policy, rules or codes of
conduct (“Supplemental Policies”), your license to use the Services shall
immediately terminate, and you must immediately stop using the Services.
13.       CONTACT
US
If you have any questions, comments
or concerns regarding our Privacy Policy and/or practices, please send an
e-mail to data-controller@tapps.com.br
.
Tapps Tecnologia da Informação Ltda
Av. Brg. Faria Lima, 1306
Pinheiros, SP – 01451-001
Brazil
14.
PARTNERS TERMS PRIVACY POLICY AND OPT OUT
Partners
Terms
Privacy Policy
Opt
Out
Apps
  Stores
Apple App
  Store and Game center
https://www.apple.com/legal/internet-services/itunes/gamecenter/us/terms.html
https://www.apple.com/privacy/
N/A
Google Play
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.play.games
https://www.google.com/intl/en/privacy/privacy-policy.html
N/A
Amazon
https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=201371550
https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=468496
N/A
Windows
  Phone
https://www.windowsphone.com/en-us/store/terms-of-service
https://www.microsoft.com/privacystatement/
N/A
Huawei App
  Store
https://appstore.huawei.com/useragreement
https://consumer.huawei.com/en/privacy/privacy-policy/
N/A
Ad
  Networks
Admob
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/terms/#subid=latam-semexp3-r3
https://www.admob.com/home/privacy
https://www.google.com/settings/ads
AdColony
https://support.adcolony.com/helpdesk/terms-of-service-for-publishers/
https://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/
Applovin
https://www.applovin.com/terms
https://www.applovin.com/privacy
https://www.applovin.com/privacy
Chartboost
https://answers.chartboost.com/en-us/articles/200780239
https://answers.chartboost.com/en-us/articles/200780269
N/A
Facebook
  Audience Network
https://www.facebook.com/ads/manage/audience_network/publisher_tos/
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
N/A
HyprMX
https://www.hyprmx.com/tou
https://www.hyprmx.com/pp
N/A
IronSource
https://developers.is.com/ironsource-mobile/air/ironsource-platform-online-terms-conditions/
https://developers.ironsrc.com/ironsource-mobile/air/ironsource-mobile-privacy-policy/
N/A
Mopub
https://www.mopub.com/en/legal/tos
https://www.mopub.com/en/legal/privacy
https://www.mopub.com/en/legal/privacy
Tapjoy
https://www.tapjoy.com/legal/players/users-terms-of-service/
https://www.tapjoy.com/legal/general/privacy-policy/
UnityAds
https://unity3d.com/legal/monetization-services-terms-of-service
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Vungle
N/A
https://vungle.com/privacy/
https://vungle.com/privacy/
Online
  Analytics
Appsflyer
https://www.appsflyer.com/terms-of-use/
https://www.appsflyer.com/privacy-policy/
https://www.appsflyer.com/privacy-policy/
Google
  Analytics
https://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html
https://www.google.com/intl/en/analytics/privacyoverview.html
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en
Flurry
https://www.flurry.com/legal-privacy/terms-service
https://www.flurry.com/privacy-policy.html
https://dev.flurry.com/secure/optOut.do
Web and
  Social Media
Facebook
https://www.facebook.com/policies/?ref=pf
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
AWS Amazon
https://aws.amazon.com/pt/agreement/
https://aws.amazon.com/pt/privacy/
N/A
Heroku
https://www.heroku.com/policy/tos
https://www.heroku.com/policy/privacy
N/A
Wordpress
https://br.wordpress.com/tos/
https://automattic.com/privacy/
N/A
Parse
https://www.parse.com/about/terms
https://www.parse.com/about/privacy
N/A
Sub-policy 1
http://pp.tappsgames.com/children-privacy-policy.htm:
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY POLICY
Effective:
December
5
2019
TAPPS TECNOLOGIA
DA INFORMAÇÃO LTDA.
(“
Tapps
,
” “we,” “our” or
“us”) is dedicated to protecting the privacy rights of our users.
1.
         CHILDREN UNDER THE AGE OF
13 YEARS OLD
If you are under the age of 13 years
old and intent to have access or play our games designed for Families, you
have to
pay attention on this Privacy Policy. Tapps is
committed to protecting the privacy of children who use our sites and
applications. This online child privacy policy explains our parental consent,
information gathering, and disclosure practices provided by children under 13
(“child” or “children”) and uses terms set out in our general privacy policy.
We
believe Children need
particular protection
when you
are collecting and processing their personal data because they may be less
aware of the risks involved.
This Children’s
Online Privacy Policy explains our information collection, disclosure, and
parental consent practices with respect to information provided by children
under the age of 13 (“child” or “children”), and uses terms that are defined in
our
general Privacy Policy
.
This policy is in accordance
with the U.S. Children’s Online Privacy
Protection Act (“COPPA”), the California
On Line
Privacy Protection Act (
CalOPPA
) and outlines our
practices in the United States, Latin America and Europe (GDPR) regarding
children’s personal information. For more information about COPPA and general
tips about protecting children’s online privacy, please visit our site.
This Privacy Policy governs the use of
Tapps
’ Services by children’s who are under thirteen (13)
years old and younger. However, if you intent to know about the other general
rules , we recommend you to check our General Privacy Policy, since you have
access to all Information regarding: a) Types of Information we collect; b) how
we collect your Information; c) use of your Information by Tapps and Third
Parties; d) your control and choices, among others.
We are available to clarify any doubt through our
communication’s channels.
2
.         TERMS
AND CONDITONS
Tapps
provides online games for children. Children have
access to its games, but the apps do not collect information from them.
Therefore,
Tapps does not condition a children’s participation on the disclosure of
Information, as well as
we do not directly collect and store any information from children.
Some information may nonetheless be collected through and maintained
by
Tapps’s
third-party
providers of certain products or services, such as Ad Networks, Analytics
Providers,
etc..
You, as a parent or legal guardian of
a Kid, can find a full list of such third-party providers in Section 4.
However, for
chindren’s
directed games
all of
our third parties are set with COPPA compliant
policies, so they will not also collect information that is not allowed under
COPPA.
Our
Websites are a service from
Wordpress
,
which may use cookies and usage data to perform analysis. To check how
Wordpress
and Parse work and
their privacy policies, see Section 4.
If
you have any questions about how the Partners use your
Information or for how long they keep it, please refer to their privacy
policies linked to in Section 4.
2.1
Information
Collected About Children
Tapps does not collect personal contact
information (
eg.
full name, e-mail address, home
address, or phone number) or any geolocation information form children under
the age of 13. We may collect information that is reasonably necessary to
support ten internal operations.
Children’s
non-Personal Information collected by Tapps and its Partners may include
the following technical information: type of operation system (e.g. Android,
iOS, etc.), type of browser (e.g. Explorer, Firefox, Chrome, Safari, etc.),
screen resolution (e.g. 800×600, 1024×768, etc.), language (e.g. English),
device type (e.g. Galaxy, HTC, iPhone, etc.) and only general location may be
collected, no street name or city/town name is collected.
This
data is principally used for internal purposes only, in order to:
provide
children with access to features and activities on our site and applications;
customize
content and improve our sites and applications;
conduct
research and analysis to address the performance of our sites and applications
generate
anonymous reporting for use by Tapps.
In
the event we collect (or allow others to collect) such information from
children on our sites and applications for other purposes, we will notify
parents and obtain consent prior to such collection.
We
strive to ensure that all of our Partners adhere to the same standards for the
collection and usage of your Information as we do, and we recommend to check
the Children’s Partner Policy of our Partners before using the services, in
order to verify the accomplish with COPPA as we do.
Tapps does
not allow any Personal Information to be linked to a child’s Persistent
Identifier.
We
will not require a child to provide more information than is reasonably
necessary in order to participate in an online activity.
In
any instance that we collect information from a child, we will retain that
information only so long as reasonably necessary to fulfill the activity
request or allow the child to continue to participate in the activity, and
ensure the security of our users and our services, or as required by law. In
the event we discover we have collected information from a child in a manner
inconsistent with COPPA’s requirements, we will either delete the information
or immediately seek the parent’s consent for that collection.
Please
contact us at data-controller@tapps.com.br if you have any reason to suspect
that Tapps has collected Personal Information from children. Upon
notification, we will investigate promptly and if it turns out to be accurate,
we will than delete the improper Personal Information as quickly as possible.
To
learn more about how children should interact with Social Features, App
Purchases and purchase of Merchandise, please refer to sections 3.3, 4 and 5 of
our
General Privacy
Policy
.
Tapps
Children’s Policy is in accordance with GDPR,
taking into
account
that, in our Children’s Privacy Policy, we are following these
procedures:
-
Any information and
communication, where processing is addressed to a child, should be in such a
clear and plain language that the child can easily understand.
-
The consent of the holder of
parental responsibility should not be necessary just in the context of
preventive or counselling services offered directly to a child.
-
Take appropriate measures to
provide any information referred to in
Articles 13
and
14
and any
communication under
Articles 15
to
22
and
34
relating to
processing to the data subject in a concise, transparent, intelligible and
easily accessible form, using clear and plain language, in particular for any
information addressed specifically to a children
-
Children merit specific
protection
with regard to
their personal data, as they
may be less aware of the risks, consequences and safeguards concerned and their
rights in relation to the processing of personal data
In
addition, Tapps also follows the
CalOPPA
– California
Privacy Rights and, the California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits our Users
who are California residents to request certain information regarding our
disclosure of Personal Information to third parties for their direct marketing
purposes. California residents have the right to receive:
a)
information identifying any
third-party company(
ies
) to whom
Tapps
may have disclosed (within the previous calendar year) Personal Information
pertaining to You and your family for that company’s direct marketing purposes;
and
b)
a description of the categories
of Personal Information disclosed.
We
may disclose information if permitted or required by law, for example, in
response to a court order or a subpoena. To the extent permitted by applicable
law, we also may disclose personal information collected from children (
i
) in response to a law enforcement or public agency’s
(including schools or children services) request; (ii) if we believe disclosure
may prevent the instigation of a crime, facilitate an investigation related to
public safety or protect the safety of a child using our sites or applications;
(iii) to protect the security or integrity of our sites, applications, and
other technology, as well as the technology of our service providers; or (iv)
enable us to take precautions against liability.
At
any time, parents can refuse to permit us to collect further information from
their children in association with a
particular account
and can request that we delete from our records the information we have
collected in connection with that account. Please keep in mind that a request
to delete records may lead to a termination of service.
3.       CONTACT US
If you have any questions, comments or concerns
regarding our Privacy Policy and/or practices, please send an e-mail to data-controller@tapps.com.br
.
Tapps Tecnologia da Informação Ltda
Av. Brg. Faria Lima, 1306
Pinheiros, SP – 01451-001
Brazil
4.
PARTNERS TERMS PRIVACY POLICY AND OPT OUT
Partners
Terms
Privacy Policy
Opt
Out
Apps
  Stores
Apple App
  Store and Game center
https://www.apple.com/legal/internet-services/itunes/gamecenter/us/terms.html
https://www.apple.com/privacy/
N/A
Google Play
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.play.games
https://www.google.com/intl/en/privacy/privacy-policy.html
N/A
Amazon
https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=201371550
https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=468496
N/A
Windows
  Phone
https://www.windowsphone.com/en-us/store/terms-of-service
https://www.microsoft.com/privacystatement/pt-br/core/default.aspx
N/A
Huawei App
  Store
https://appstore.huawei.com/useragreement
https://consumer.huawei.com/en/privacy/privacy-policy/
N/A
Ad
  Networks
Admob
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/terms/#subid=latam-semexp3-r3
https://www.admob.com/home/privacy
https://www.google.com/settings/ads
AdColony
https://support.adcolony.com/helpdesk/terms-of-service-for-publishers/
https://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/
Applovin
https://www.applovin.com/terms
https://www.applovin.com/privacy
https://www.applovin.com/privacy
Chartboost
https://answers.chartboost.com/en-us/articles/200780239
https://answers.chartboost.com/en-us/articles/200780269
N/A
IronSource
https://developers.is.com/ironsource-mobile/air/ironsource-platform-online-terms-conditions/
https://developers.ironsrc.com/ironsource-mobile/air/ironsource-mobile-privacy-policy/
Mopub
https://www.mopub.com/en/legal/tos
https://www.mopub.com/en/legal/privacy
https://www.mopub.com/en/legal/privacy
Tapjoy
https://www.tapjoy.com/legal/players/users-terms-of-service/
https://www.tapjoy.com/legal/general/privacy-policy/
UnityAds
https://unity3d.com/legal/monetization-services-terms-of-service
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Vungle
N/A
https://vungle.com/privacy/
https://vungle.com/privacy/
Online
  Analytics
Appsflyer
https://www.appsflyer.com/terms-of-use/
https://www.appsflyer.com/privacy-policy/
https://www.appsflyer.com/privacy-policy/
Google
  Analytics
https://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html
https://www.google.com/intl/en/analytics/privacyoverview.html
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en
Flurry
https://www.flurry.com/legal-privacy/terms-service
https://www.flurry.com/privacy-policy.html
https://dev.flurry.com/secure/optOut.do
Web and
  Social Media
Facebook
https://www.facebook.com/policies/?ref=pf
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
AWS Amazon
https://aws.amazon.com/pt/agreement/
https://aws.amazon.com/pt/privacy/
N/A
Heroku
https://www.heroku.com/policy/tos
https://www.heroku.com/policy/privacy
N/A
Wordpress
https://br.wordpress.com/tos/
https://automattic.com/privacy/
N/A
Parse
https://www.parse.com/about/terms
https://www.parse.com/about/privacy
N/A