Privacy Policy
Last Revised:
May 29, 2024
Data controller
DartCounter
Pollaan 48A
7202 BX Zutphen
DartCounter ("Company," "we," or "us") is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy ("Policy") describes our practices regarding the personal information we collect from users of our website (https://dartcounter.net) ( "Site"), our mobile application ("App"), and online services as a whole ("Services") in instances such as when
You visit our website, or any website of ours that links to this privacy notice
When you download our App, DartCounter
Engage with us in other related ways, including any sales marketing or events
Questions or concerns?
Reading this privacy notice will help you understand your privacy rights and choices. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, please do not use our Services. If you still have any questions or concerns, please contact us at
support@dartcounter.net
.
1. Types Of Data We Collect
1.1 Information You Provide
We collect information about you in various ways when you use our Services. By agreeing to our Privacy Policy, you consent to our collection of this information and permit us to use it as described.The information that we collect depends on the context of your interactions with us and our Services, the choices you make, and the features you use. The information we collect may include the following:
Personal Information:
When you register for a personal account, we collect your email address. Optionally you can provide your name, date of birth and a profile picture. If you provide feedback or contact us, we collect the data included in your communication. When participating in promotions, we collect the data you provide related to the promotion.
Sensitive Information:
Though optional at any time, we require you to provide your date of birth when using any camera or chat related features in our Services to adhere to law and protect minors using our Services.
Social Media Login Data:
Our Services offer you the ability to register and log in using your third-party social media account details (Facebook and Google logins). Where you choose to do this, we will receive certain profile information about you from your social media provider. The profile information we receive may vary depending on the social media provider concerned. We will collect your name and email address.
We will use the information we receive only for the purposes that are described in this privacy notice or that are otherwise made clear to you on the relevant Services. Please note that we do not control, and are not responsible for other uses of your personal information by your third-party social media provider. We recommend that you review their privacy notice to understand how they collect, use and share your personal information, and how you can set your privacy preferences on their sites and apps.
Application Data:
if your use our Services, we may collect the following information if you choose to provide us with access or permission:
Geolocation Information:
We may request geolocation information when connecting external devices to our Services. This information is only to create the device connection. We do not store the information.
Mobile Device access:
We may request access or permission to certain features from your mobile device, including your mobile device’s camera, microphone and image library. If you wish to change our access or permissions, you may do so in your device’s settings.
Push Notifications:
We may request to send you push notifications regarding your account or certain features of the application(s). If you wish to opt out from receiving these types of communications, you may turn them off in your device's settings.
This information is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of our Services, for troubleshooting and for our internal analytics and reporting purposes.
1.2 Information Automatically Collected via Technology
When you use our Site, App and thus Services, some information is automatically collected. This information does not reveal your specific identity (like your name or contact information), but may include device and usage information.
Usage Information:
This may include your device’s operating system, IP address, browser type and language preferences, device name, country, location and unique device identifier (UDID).
This information is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of our Services, and for our internal analytics and reporting purposes.
Mobile Device Data:
We automatically collect device information (such as your mobile device ID, model, and manufacturer), operating system, version information and system configuration information, device and application identification numbers, browser type and version, hardware model, Internet service provider and/or mobile carrier, and Internet Protocol (IP) address (or proxy server). If you are using our Services, we may also collect information about the phone network associated with your mobile device, your mobile device’s operating system or platform, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device’s unique device ID, and information about the features of our Services you accessed.
Log and Usage Data:
Log and usage data is service-related, diagnostic, usage, and performance information our servers automatically collect when you access or use our Services and which we record in log files. Depending on how you interact with us, this log data may include your IP address, device information, browser type, and settings and information about your activity in the Services (such as the date/time stamps associated with your usage, pages and files viewed, searches, and other actions you take such as which features you use), device event information (such as system activity, error reports (sometimes called "crash dumps"), and hardware settings). This log and usage data is collected anonymously and cannot be traced to individual users.
Device Data:
We collect device data such as information about your computer, phone, tablet, or other device you use to access the Services. Depending on the device used, this device data may include information such as your IP address (or proxy server), device and application identification numbers, location, browser type, hardware model, Internet service provider and/or mobile carrier, operating system, and system configuration information.
Cookies:
We may use cookies and similar tracking technologies to store and retrieve user session data to improve our Services. More information can be found in our cookie notice.
2. Use of Your Data
We use the personal information collected through our Services for purposes described in this policy or disclosed to you in connection with our Services. We use the data to administer, communicate, for security reasons, for fraud prevention as well as to comply with law. We may also process your information for other purposes with your consent. We process your personal information for a variety of reasons, depending on how you interact with our services, including:
To facilitate account creation and authentication and otherwise manage user accounts.
We may process your information so you can create and log in to your account, as well as keep your account in working order.
To deliver and facilitate delivery of services to the user
We may process your information to provide you with the requested service.
To respond to user inquiries/offer support to users.
We may process your information to respond to your inquiries and solve any potential issues you might have with the requested service.
To send administrative information to you.
We may process your information to send you details about our products and services, changes to our terms and policies, and other similar information.
To fulfill and manage your subscriptions.
We may process your information to fulfill and manage your payments made through the Services.
To enable user-to-user communications.
We may process your information if you choose to use any of our offerings that allow for communication with another user. To request feedback. We may process your information when necessary to request feedback and to contact you about your use of our Services.
To request feedback.
We may process your information when necessary to request feedback and to contact you about your use of our Services.
To send you marketing and promotional communications.
We may process the personal information you send to us for our marketing purposes, if this is in accordance with your marketing preferences. You can opt out of our marketing emails at any time.
To protect our Services.
We may process your information as part of our efforts to keep our Services safe and secure, including fraud monitoring and prevention. To identify usage trends. We may process information about how you use our Services to better understand how they are being used so we can improve them.
To identify usage trends.
We may process information about how you use our Services to better understand how they are being used so we can improve them.
To determine the effectiveness of our marketing and promotional campaigns.
We may process your information to better understand how to provide marketing and promotional campaigns that are most relevant to you.
To save or protect an individual's vital interest.
We may process your information when necessary to save or protect an individual’s vital interest, such as to prevent harm.
We only process your personal information when we believe it is necessary and we have a valid legal reason (i.e., legal basis) to do so under applicable law, like with your consent, to comply with laws, to provide you with services to enter into or fulfill our contractual obligations, to protect your rights, or to fulfill our legitimate business interests.
The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and UK GDPR require us to explain the valid legal bases we rely on in order to process your personal information. As such, we may rely on the following legal bases to process your personal information:
Consent.
We may process your information if you have given us permission (i.e., consent) to use your personal information for a specific purpose. You can withdraw your consent at any time. Please see the data review and deletion section on how consent can be withdrawn.
Performance of a contract.
We may process your personal information when we believe it is necessary to fulfill our contractual obligations to you, including providing our Services or at your request prior to entering into a contract with you.
Legitimate interests.
We may process your information when we believe it is reasonably necessary to achieve our legitimate business interests and those interests do not outweigh your interests and fundamental rights and freedoms. For example, we may process your personal information for some of the purposes described in order to:
Send users information about special offers and discounts on our products and services
Develop and display personalised and relevant advertising content for our users
Analyse how our Services are used so we can improve them to engage and retain users
Support our marketing activities
Diagnose problems and/or prevent fraudulent activities
Understand how our users use our products and services so we can improve user experience
Legal obligations.
We may process your information where we believe it is necessary for compliance with our legal obligations, such as to cooperate with a law enforcement body or regulatory agency, exercise or defend our legal rights, or disclose your information as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.
Vital interests.
We may process your information where we believe it is necessary to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of a third party, such as situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person.
In legal terms, we are generally the “data controller” under European data protection laws of the personal information described in this privacy notice, since we determine the means and/or purposes of the data processing we perform.
3. Payment Data
If you sign up for our Premium Services or make purchases, your payment information may be collected and stored by our payment processors. The collection of this data is necessary to fulfill the payment process. This may include credit or debit card information, postal code, mobile number, and transaction history. Payment processors may provide us with limited information such as a unique token for additional purchases, card type, expiration date, and certain digits of your card number.
4. Sharing Of Personal Information
Vendors, Consultants, and Other Third-Party Service Providers.
We may share your data with third-party vendors, service providers, contractors, or agents (“third parties”) who perform services for us or on our behalf and require access to such information to do that work. We have contracts in place with our third parties, which are designed to help safeguard your personal information. This means that they cannot do anything with your personal information unless we have instructed them to do it. They will also not share your personal information with any organisation apart from us. They also commit to protect the data they hold on our behalf and to retain it for the period we instruct. The categories of third parties we may share personal information with are as follows:
Ad Networks
Affiliate Marketing Programs
Cloud Computing Services
Communication & Collaboration Tools
Data Analytics Services
Data Storage Service Providers
Finance & Accounting Tools
Government Entities
Order Fulfillment Service Providers
Payment Processors
Performance Monitoring Tools
Product Engineering & Design Tools
Retargeting Platforms
Sales & Marketing Tools
Social Networks
Testing Tools
User Account Registration & Authentication Services
Website Hosting Service Providers
We also may need to share your personal information in the following situations:
Business Transfers.
We may share or transfer your information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
When we use Google Analytics.
We may share your information with Google Analytics to track and analyze the use of the Services. To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across the Services, visit
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
. You can opt out of Google Analytics Advertising Features through Ads Settings and Ad Settings for mobile apps. For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms page.
Business Partners.
We may share your information with our business partners to offer you certain products, services, or promotions.
Other Users.
When you share personal information (for example, by posting comments, contributions, or other content to the Services) or otherwise interact with public areas of the Services, such personal information may be viewed by all users and may be publicly made available outside the Services in perpetuity. If you interact with other users of our Services and register for our Services through a social network (such as Facebook), your contacts on the social network will see your name, profile photo, and descriptions of your activity. Similarly, other users will be able to view descriptions of your activity, communicate with you within our Services, and view your profile.
5. Our Stance on Third Party Websites
The Services may link to third-party websites, online services, or mobile applications and/or contain advertisements from third parties. Accordingly, we do not make any guarantee regarding any such third parties, and we will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by the use of such third-party websites, services, or applications. We cannot guarantee the safety and privacy of data you provide to any third parties. Any data collected by third parties is not covered by this privacy notice. We are not responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and policies of any third parties, including other websites, services, or applications that may be linked to or from the Services. You should review the policies of such third parties and contact them directly to respond to your questions.
6. International Data Transfer
Our servers are located in the Netherlands and Germany. If you are accessing our Services from outside the Netherlands and Germany, please be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored, and processed by us in our facilities and by those third parties with whom we may share your personal information.
We have implemented measures to protect your personal information, including by using the European Commission's Standard Contractual Clauses for transfers of personal information between our group companies and between us and our third-party providers. These clauses require all recipients to protect all personal information that they process originating from the EEA or UK in accordance with European data protection laws and regulations. We have implemented similar appropriate safeguards with our third-party service providers and partners.
7. Your Choices Regarding Your Personal Information
You can choose which communications you receive from us, manage your public information, and set your sharing preferences. You may opt out of promotional emails by following the instructions in those emails. Non-promotional emails related to your account or ongoing business relations will still be sent.
Most web browsers and some mobile operating systems and mobile applications include a Do-Not-Track ("DNT") feature or setting you can activate to signal your privacy preference not to have data about your online browsing activities monitored and collected. At this stage no uniform technology standard for recognising and implementing DNT signals has been finalised. As such, we do not currently respond to DNT browser signals or any other mechanism that automatically communicates your choice not to be tracked online. If a standard for online tracking is adopted that we must follow in the future, we will inform you about that practice in a revised version of this privacy notice.
8. Security of Your Personal Information
We use industry-standard security technologies to protect your personal information from unauthorised access, use, or disclosure. However, no security measure is completely secure, and we cannot guarantee the absolute security of your information.
9. Storage and Safety of Your Data
We will only keep your personal information for as long as it is necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy notice, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law (such as tax, accounting, or other legal requirements). No purpose in this notice will require us keeping your personal information for longer than the period for which you have a DartCounter account, unless the retention period by law exceeds that period.
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymise such information.
We have implemented appropriate and reasonable technical and organisational security measures designed to protect the security of any personal information we process. However, despite our safeguards and efforts to secure your information, no electronic transmission over the Internet or information storage technology can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, so we cannot promise or guarantee that hackers, cybercriminals, or other unauthorised third parties will not be able to defeat our security and improperly collect, access, steal, or modify your information. Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, transmission of personal information to and from our Services is at your own risk. You should only access the Services within a secure environment.
10. Data Collection From Minors
To protect minors, active measures are taken to disable the use of camera and chat functionalities for users under the age of 18. Collection and use of data from minors is otherwise not different from other data collection described in this Privacy Policy, with the exception of data from minors being anonymised at all times. If we learn that a user less than the age of 18 years old uses our Services unlawfully as described, the account will be deactivated and reasonable measures will be taken to promptly delete such data from our records. If you become aware of any unlawful Service usage from minors under the age of 18, please contact us at
support@dartcounter.net
.
11. Data Review and Deletion
In some regions (like the EEA, UK, Switzerland, and Canada), you have certain rights under applicable data protection laws. These may include the right (i) to request access and obtain a copy of your personal information, (ii) to request rectification or erasure; (iii) to restrict the processing of your personal information; (iv) if applicable, to data portability; and (v) not to be subject to automated decision-making. In certain circumstances, you may also have the right to object to the processing of your personal information. You can make such a request by contacting us at
support@dartcounter.net
. We will respond within two working days.
Upon your request to terminate your account, we will deactivate or delete your account and information from our active databases. However, we may retain some information in our files to prevent fraud, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigations, enforce our legal terms and/or comply with applicable legal requirements.
You have the right to know:
whether we collect and use your personal information;
the categories of personal information that we collect;
the purposes for which the collected personal information is used;
whether we sell or share our personal information to third parties;
the categories of personal information that we sold, shared or disclosed for a business purpose;
the categories of third parties to whom the personal information was sold, shared, or disclosed for a business purpose;
the business or commercial purpose for collecting, sharing, or selling personal information; and
the specific pieces of personal information we collected about you.
Upon receiving your request, we will need to verify your identity to determine you are the same person about whom we have the information in our system. These verification efforts require us to ask you to provide information so that we can match it with information you have previously provided us. For instance, depending on the type of request you submit, we may ask you to provide certain information so that we can match the information you provide with the information we already have on file, or we may contact you through a communication method (email) that you have previously provided to us. We may also use other verification methods as the circumstances dictate.
We will only use personal information provided in your request to verify your identity or authority to make the request. To the extent possible, we will avoid requesting additional information from you for the purposes of verification. However, if we cannot verify your identity from the information already maintained by us, we may request that you provide additional information for the purposes of verifying your identity and for security or fraud-prevention purposes. We will delete such additionally provided information as soon as we finish verifying you.
You can unsubscribe from our marketing and promotional communications at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link in the emails that we send or by updating your preferences in your user profile. You will then be removed from the marketing lists — however, we may still communicate with you, for example to send you service-related messages that are necessary for the administration and use of your account, to respond to service requests, or for other non-marketing purposes.
12. Contact Information
For questions, concerns, or complaints about our Privacy Policy or data practices, or to report privacy or security violations, contact us at
support@dartcounter.net
13. Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. The updated version will be indicated by an update “Revised” date and the updated version will be effective 30 days after email notification or posting for existing users, and instantaneously for new users. As soon as we make changes, we will notify you via email and/or a prominent notice on our Platforms. It is your responsibility to ensure we have your current email address. Continued use of our Services after notice of changes indicates your agreement to be bound by the updated Policy. We encourage you to review this privacy notice frequently to be informed of how we are protecting your information.
© DartCounter 2025