HOME
MANUAL
FAQ
DOWNLOAD
ADVERTISE
AFFILIATE
Privacy policy of the Poker Bankroll Tracker App
Responsible in terms of data protection laws
Filavision – Fiedler & Langner GbR
Am Judenkirchhof 7
30167 Hannover
Germany
Phone: +49-511-4742398
Email:
info@pokerbankrolltracker.net
Website:
pokerbankrolltracker.net
Managing Directors:
Dipl.-Ing. Vicki Langner & Steven Fiedler
USt.IdNr: DE270460895
Jurisdiction: Hannover, Germany
Collecting general information
We will use general information to:
provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us
notify you about changes to our services
ensure that the content from our app is presented in the most effective manner for you and your device
Collecting data (since App version 5.0.0)
In the PBT app, you can sign up for a free account. As a registered user, you can connect with other PBT users and follow their poker sessions of the last 7 days. When you receive a connection request from another user, you must agree before the requester can see your last sessions. You can undo your consent or delete the connection at any time.
If you create an account, we save your sessions, player notes, hand replays as well as your settings on our server. You can delete this data or even your whole account on the Account page in the app. We also store the unique hardware identifier of your devices on our server to sync your data between your devices.
If you don’t create an account, your data is only stored on your device. If you lost your device or uninstall the PBT app, all your data will also be lost. We highly recommend creating an account to save your data on our server.
If you make a CSV backup, this file will be stored on our server so that you can download it at a later date. Regardless of whether you have created an account or not. These files are automatically deleted after 30 days.
If you create a hand replay without having an account, it will be also saved on our server when you share the replay, add it to a live session, or open it in a web browser. In this case, the replay is not linked to an account and will not delete when you uninstall the app. To delete also these replays, you need to create an account before. This will link all your replays to your account and when you delete your account again, these replays will also be deleted.
Collecting geo location data (since App version 3.2.4)
If you agree, the PBT app will use your geo location data. When you start a live session, the app saves the basic session data like name of the location, buyin, blinds, game type and limit on your device. Next time when you start a live session and you have played at this location before, the app will pre select the game type, buyin, blinds, limits and name of the location for you. In addition, you will be offered tournaments that take place in your area today.
Your geo location data will never be sent to us or to third parties, it will only be stored on your device. To delete this data go to settings, click on “Reset App Data” and choose “Geo locations”.
If you start a live session and your geo location data matches a casino from our database, it will be preselected as your loaction and anonymized session data (game, limit, blinds in cash games and chipcount, place, payout in tournaments) will be sent to our server. This will allow us to show other users running cash games or tournaments. If you don’t agree to send anonymized session data, disable the location detection and don’t start a suggested tournament from our calendar. The anonymized session data contains no personal information and can not be assigned to a user.
Deletion of data
We go hand in hand with the principles of data avoidance and data economy. Therefore, we only store your data as long as is necessary to provide our service or as provided by the various storage periods provided by law.
When you delete your account, we also delete all your data from our server automatically after 30 days. To delete your account, go to the “Account” tab and click on “Delete Account”. Just uninstalling the app from your device doesn’t delete your data on our server. You can undo the deletion of your account and data by logging into your account again within 30 days.
SSL encryption
To protect the security of your data during transmission, we use state-of-the-art encryption techniques (such as SSL) over HTTPS to transfer data between your device and our server.
Your rights to information, correction, suspension, cancellation and opposition
You have the right to receive information about your personal data stored by us at any time. Likewise, you have the right to correction, blocking or, apart from the prescribed data storage for business transactions, deletion of your personal data. Please contact us under our e-mail address.
For a data lock to be taken into account at all times, these data must be stored in a lock file for control purposes. You can also request the deletion of the data, as long as there is no legal archiving obligation. As far as such an obligation exists, we lock your data on request.
You can make changes or revoke your consent by notifying us with effect for the future.
Privacy policy of our Website
Collecting general information
When you access our website (https://pokerbankrolltracker.net), information of a general nature is automatically recorded. This information (server log files) includes for example, the type of web browser, the operating system used, the domain name of your Internet service provider and more. This information does not allow conclusions about your person. This information is technically necessary to correctly deliver the contents of web pages requested by you and is mandatory when using the internet. Anonymous information of this kind is statistically evaluated by us, in order to optimize our Internet appearance and the technology behind it.
Cookies
We only use necessary cookies, no other tracking cookies or cookies from third parties. Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Use of data
Filavision uses the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain the Service
To provide analysis or valuable information so that we can improve the Service
To monitor the usage of the Service
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
Transfer of data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction. If you are located outside Germany and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to Germany and process it there. Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer. Filavision will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Deletion or blocking of data
We go hand in hand with the principles of data avoidance and data economy. Therefore, we only store your personal data as long as is necessary to achieve the purposes mentioned or as provided by the various storage periods provided by law. After discontinuation of the respective purpose or expiration of these deadlines, the corresponding data are routinely blocked and deleted in accordance with the statutory provisions.
SSL encryption
To protect the security of your data during transmission, we use state-of-the-art encryption techniques (such as SSL) over HTTPS.
Your rights to information, correction, suspension, cancellation and opposition
You have the right to receive information about your personal data stored by us at any time. Likewise, you have the right to correction, blocking or, apart from the prescribed data storage for business transactions, deletion of your personal data. Please contact us under our e-mail address. For a data lock to be taken into account at all times, these data must be stored in a lock file for control purposes. You can also request the deletion of the data, as long as there is no legal archiving obligation. As far as such an obligation exists, we lock your data on request. You can make changes or revoke your consent by notifying us with effect for the future.
Change of our privacy policy
We reserve the right to change this privacy policy from time to time so that it always complies with the current legal requirements or to implement any changes to our services in the privacy policy. Your new visit will be subject to the new privacy policy.
Questions to the data protection officer
If you have any questions about privacy, please write us an email: info@pokerbankrolltracker.net
Last Updated on December 7th, 2023
Contact:
Email:
info@pokerbankrolltracker.net
Website:
pokerbankrolltracker.net
Imprint & Terms and conditions
Privacy policy
Release notes
© 2025 by pokerbankrolltracker.net
Download for free: