Home
Privacy policy
Privacy policy
D-ICE Engineering undertakes to comply with the privacy legislation in force in Belgium: the processing of personal data relating to this site is subject to the law of December 8 th 1992 on the protection of life the processing of personal data, as amended by the law of December 11 th 1998 transposing Directive 95/46 / EC of October 24 th 1995 of the European Parliament and of the Council on the protection of individuals with regard to the processing of personal data the processing of personal data and the free movement of such data, as well as the royal decrees relating thereto.
The legal texts can be consulted on the website of the Commission for the Protection of Privacy (
mobilit.belgium.be/fr/privacy
).
Information and data collected and collection methods
The information and personal data that can be collected when you browse the site squid-sailing.com or restricted pages, as in the section "your account", are as follows:
The IP address of the computer from which you access our site;
All the information concerning the pages you have visited on our site and the last actions you have performed through these pages;
Your identification as a user when you access the restricted area of our site;
The history of your orders and your requests for assistance via the after-sales service;
Any other information you have voluntarily given us, for example in the context of 1. a complaint, 2. registrations on our site or 3. the expression of preferences in the information to be communicated to you.
Information and personal data about you may be collected or processed in different ways:
By means of "cookies": a "cookie" is a small file sent by our Internet server, which is registered on the disk of your computer; it keeps track of the website visited and contains a certain amount of information about this visit. You can be informed of the sending of this "cookie" and oppose it by appropriately configuring the browser that you use to access our site / portal.
Through forms to complete to obtain certain services available on our website or extranet portal;
Processing of personal data and purposes
Your data is collected for the purpose of providing you with an efficient service. They are collected and processed only for the purposes mentioned below:
effective management of our site and extranet (for example: improvement of the quality of available information, improvement of ergonomics, improvement of management, optimization of navigation, production of statistics, etc.);
response to user requests ;
The data collected about you may be used for statistical purposes in accordance with the Royal Decree of February 13 th 2001 implementing the law of December 8 th 1992.
If you have identified yourself in order to gain access to a restricted area of our site, we may need to access your personal information stored in our information system in order to provide the requested service.
Security
The D-ICE Engineering ICT Department takes the appropriate security measures to ensure the proper use of personal data according to the purposes for which it was collected.
D-ICE Engineering agrees to take appropriate security measures to protect you from loss, misuse, disclosure to unauthorized third parties or tampering with information and personal data collected as described above.
Right of access and rectification
The person responsible for processing your personal data with respect to the D-ICE Engineering Global Site and Extranet is D-ICE Engineering itself, which you may contact by any of the means set out below under "Contact". In accordance with the legislation in force, you have a right of access to information and personal data concerning you, as well as a right of rectification. Upon request, you therefore have the opportunity to know the personal data about you and to inform us of any inaccuracies. If you wish to exercise these rights, contact us by one of the means mentioned below under "Contact". We will respond to your request as soon as possible after verifying your identity. If you feel that our general or extranet site does not comply with the regulations on the protection of privacy or the provisions of this text, you can contact us via one of the means proposed below under the heading "Contact".
Contact
For any questions or requests concerning our privacy policy on our site, please send yourself by letter or by e-mail to :
The D-ICE Engineering SPRL
Avenue Louise 65 boîte 11
1050 Ixelles, Belgium
e-mail: support@squid.fr
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://mobilit.belgium.be/fr/privacy:
Skip to main content
NL
FR
DE
EN