TERMS OF USE
Terms of Use stipulated hereof (hereinafter: Terms of Use) regulate access to or use of CAR:GO
					services and applications (hereinafter: CAR:GO Application) appertaining to the company DNP GO
					TECHNOLOGIES DOO Beograd-Vračar, with its registered seat at Masarikova ST, registered with the
					Serbian Business Registers Agency, under registration number 21448613 and tax identification number
					111246989, represented by its director, Ivan Levi, or its affiliated companies and branches (DNP GO TECHNOLOGIES or US),
					regarding which you can find out more about on our website
http://appcargo.com
.
We are providing CAR:GO services in accordance with the Electronic Commerce Act, Obligations and
					Torts Act, Consumer Protection Act, Personal Data Protection Act, Advertising Act and other relevant
					regulations in force in the Republic of Serbia (hereinafter: Acts).
Please read these Terms of Use carefully before registering or using the CAR:GO Application. DNP GO
					TECHNOLOGIES allows you to use the CAR:GO Application only in accordance with these Terms of Use
					providing you, as a service user (hereinafter: Service User), certain rights and obligations in
					order for you to connect with individuals who directly provide the innovative roadside assistance
					service (hereinafter: Service Providers) you have requested through the CAR:GO Application
					(hereinafter: CAR:GO Services)
Through CAR: GO Application, the DNP GO TECHNOLOGIES enables Service Users (i) to connect with
					Service Providers and (ii) to have all necessary information related to its use through options
					provided within CAR:GO Application.
These Terms of Use constitute a standard form agreement between us, who are standing behind the
					CAR:GO Application, on one hand, and you, as the User of our and CAR:GO Application Services, on the
					other hand.
If, for any reason, you have not agreed to these Terms of Use, you will not be able to use CAR:GO
					Application or Services. These Terms of Use are not intended nor may be construed as Terms of Use
					relevant to the provision of any other services not explicitly stated hereof.
CAR:GO Application and Services are available and intended exclusively for you as a Service User,
					therefore they are not intended for use or for the benefit of any third party.
These Terms of Use apply to your use of CAR:GO Service except as otherwise specifically stated or
					marked.
Date of the last change of the Terms of use of services: 28/12/2023.
By accessing and using the Services, you are declaring that you have read, understood and accepted
					the Terms of Use, thereby establishing a contractual relationship between you and DNP GO
					TECHNOLOGIES and terminating any prior contracts, agreements or arrangements of any kind, between
					the two parties.
DNP GO TECHNOLOGIES reserves the right to unilaterally change the Terms of Use, suspend the provision
					of Services or any part thereof, at any time and for any reason, in accordance with the procedure
					described in these Terms of Use. Your continued access and use of the Services represents your
					agreement to the amendments of the Terms of Use.
1. SERVICES
CAR:GO Application Accessibility
CAR:GO Application is allowed for personal use only. You must be 18 or over to use the CAR:GO
					Application. Registration and access to the CAR:GO Application is free. You need to create a user
					account and provide payment information to access the CAR:GO Application.
We will make reasonable efforts to ensure that the Services and CAR:GO Application are available
					twenty-four hours a day, seven days a week. However, interruptions in the functioning of the CAR:GO
					Application are possible due to maintenance, upgrades and emergency repairs or due to malfunction of
					telecommunication connections and equipment. For its part, DNP GO TECHNOLOGIES will, under our
					reasonable
					control, take the necessary steps to prevent these types of interruptions from happening. However,
					we do not guarantee the availability, uninterrupted use or use of the CAR:GO Application without any
					errors and cannot be held liable for any damages, loss, claim, or expenses resulting from scheduled
					or unplanned downtime, unavailability or slowness of Services or CAR:GO Applications.
We reserve the right to restrict the use of the Services or CAR:GO Applications at our sole
					discretion at any time with or without notice. We are making your Services available through the
					CAR:GO Application. Nevertheless, you are responsible for the procurement and maintenance of any
					equipment or ancillary services required to connect and use the Services and CAR:GO Application. You
					are also responsible for ensuring that this equipment or additional services are compatible with the
					Services we provide.
Scope of Services
Through CAR: GO Application, DNP GO TECHNOLOGIES allows Service Users to use the Services.
Our Services represent a modern technology platform - a set of software options that allow
					Service Users (i) to connect with Service Providers , i.e. restaurants, suppliers and (ii) to have
					all the necessary information regarding its use through many options of CAR:GO Application. DNP
					NUTRITION (i) is not a business entity registered to perform the transport of persons and things and
					does not perform nor is it engaged in the transport of Service Users; (ii); has not been presenting
					itself in any way as a Service Provider; Only members of the CAR:GO Association (hereinafter: CAR:GO
					Association) can be Service Users. Unless otherwise agreed, it is understood that the Services are
					available only to members of the Association CAR: GO and are not publicly available.
2. REGISTRATION
As a prerequisite for registering on the CAR:GO Application, it is necessary that you become a member
					of the CAR:GO Association. CAR:GO Services and use of the CAR:GO Application is provided exclusively
					to the members of the Association.
In order to be able to use the Services we provide, first you need to register and create your own
					user account, after downloading CAR:GO Application on your phone, tablet or computer from the Google
					Play Store or App Store for free. The precondition for registration is that you are a member of the
					CAR:GO Association and that you are at least 18 years old, i.e. that you have a full legal capacity
					according to the regulations of the Republic of Serbia. In order to be able to register on CAR:GO
					Application, and then to be able to use it, it is necessary to have a device with Internet access.
					When using the Services, you may be charged for the data transfer service according to the price
					list of your mobile operator.
When registering, we reserve the right to collect certain personal data for this purpose, as well as
					information on the valid method of payment for the Services. Taking care of your personal
					information is crucial to our business, and in order to protect your personal information, please
					see our Privacy Notice. It is your responsibility to ensure that your registered information is
					accurate, up to date and complete while using your account. You are solely responsible for all
					personal data you provide to us during the registration process, while we act only as an
					intermediary in receiving data for the purpose of your connection with Service Providers.
After creating a user account, you need to verify your e-mail address by following the link that you
					received via e-mail, after which your user account will be activated. After this step, it is
					necessary to confirm your mobile phone number by entering the verification code that you received
					via the phone number you provided during the registration. Along with registering for CAR:GO
					Application, you become a member of the CAR:GO Association by accepting the application form by
					pressing the accept button, by accepting these Terms of Use. The membership fee for the CAR:GO
					Association is free - you will receive your membership card containing the membership number on your
					e-mail, and you can now start using CAR:GO Application.
When registering for CAR:GO Application, you must provide the required information in order to
					successfully complete the registration process. User accounts created by "bots" or automated login
					attempts by "bots" or other automated methods are not allowed. You are responsible for maintaining
					the security of your user account and password. We cannot and will not be liable for any loss or
					damages resulting from your failure to comply with this security obligation. You are responsible for
					any type of content posted through your user account. Any false, fraudulent or unauthorized use of
					CAR:GO Application or user account may be grounds for revoking your right to access or use CAR:GO
					Application or User Account. You shall not use CAR:GO Application for any illegal or unauthorized
					purpose. You may not, while using the CAR:GO Application, violate any laws to which you are subject
					as a Service User. You shall not modify, change or hack CAR:GO Application or user account or modify
					any other application by falsely implying its association with CAR:GO Application. You are not and
					shall not in any way be authorized to resell the use of CAR:GO Application or our Services to any
					third party by presenting it as your private property or with a fee. If certain aspects of the
					Services are not available due to registered inaccurate data, we shall not be held liable. You shall
					also agree that you will maintain the confidentiality of your user credentials, i.e. that you will
					not reveal your username and password to anyone to access the system. You may not authorize third
					parties to use your account, nor may you otherwise transfer it to a third party. In some cases, you
					will be required to provide proof of identity in order to be provided with the Service, and failure
					to comply with this request may result in denial of the Service.
If you suspect that your user account has been used or accessed by a third party, please notify us
					immediately. You are the only one liable in the event of a breach of the provisions of these Terms
					of Use resulting from an unauthorized access or use of your user account, regardless of your
					awareness thereof.
If there are reasons to believe that the information you have provided to register and use our
					Services violates or is likely to violate any of the provisions of these Terms of Use, we will take
					appropriate actions, including, but not limited to, further refusing our services and/or access and
					use of CAR:GO Application.
3. USE OF CAR:GO APPLICATION AFTER REGISTERING
In order to be able to connect with Service Providers, through CAR:GO Application,
					after becoming a member of the CAR:GO Association and registering, but before sending a request for
					any of the services (hereinafter: Request), it is necessary to enter data from your payment card and
					select the desired payment option. The method of payment and the card remain stored on the CAR:GO
					Application as long as you have a user account. You can add a new card and/or remove an existing one
					at any time. After selecting the desired payment option, set your starting location, i.e., the exact
					address where you are and where you want to start using the Services (hereinafter: Home Location).
					If you have any doubts about your location, you can use another appropriate option - call the
					Service Provider.
CAR:GO Services Distinctions
Just before you choose an end destination for your CAR:GO Services, you also have the option of
					choosing the type of service - MINI, ECO (Economy & Ecology class), BIZ or a service adapted for
					people with disabilities.
Since the safety of you and your youngest is our priority, if you need a service that includes the
					use of child seats, you need to opt for the ECO type of service. Also, as a company with a
					pet-friendly work policy, we have enabled you to use the CAR:GO Service together with your pets if
					you decide for the MINI type of service. After entering your start location and the end point at
					which you want to end your use of the Services (hereinafter: Final Destination), based on the
					information provided, you will be provided with an estimate of the CAR:GO Application Fee. After
					that, if you want to continue with your Request for CAR:GO Services, you need to select the option
					to confirm your Request.
After confirming your Request, you will be connected with our Service Provider who is closest to you,
					in that way completing your Request, and you will be able to track the Service Provider while
					arriving to your location via the CAR:GO Application, notifying you how long it takes for the
					Service Provider to arrive. Selecting the confirmation option at the same time means that you are
					concluding a Service Provision Agreement with the Service Provider, of which you will be provided
					with the exact details via CAR:GO Application. Without any doubt, you are entering into a Service
					Provision Agreement directly with the Service Provider and not with DNP GO TECHNOLOGIES. You
					acknowledge
					and agree that DNP GO TECHNOLOGIES is not and cannot be a party to the contract. Since, when using
					the
					application, the software monitors the GPS geolocation of your mobile device and collects data
					regarding your current location, you are confirming that by accepting these Terms of Use you agree
					that your device must provide data regarding your geolocation in order to provide CAR:GO Services,
					which will be available in the CAR:GO Application and visible to Service Providers after logging in
					to your user account. By accepting these Terms of Use, you agree that this data is collected and
					used exclusively for the purposes of functioning of CAR:GO Application, or the provision of
					Services. After you have finished using the CAR:GO Service, you will receive a notification on your
					phone about the successful completion of the provided CAR:GO Service by the Service Provider.
You have an option to cancel the ordered CAR:GO Service at any time. In case you cancel
					the CAR:GO Service after 15 seconds starting from the moment the Service Provider accepted your
					request, you will be charged a
					Cancellation Fee 495.00 RSD. If you
					cancel the CAR:GO Service at any time before the Service Provider accepts your
					request, or before the expiration of 15 seconds starting from the moment the Service Provider
					accepted your request, you will not be charged the Cancellation Fee. The service you requested will
					be automatically cancelled and you will be charged the Cancellation Fee of 495.00 RSD
					if you do not appear at the Home Location within 15 minutes starting from the
					moment the Service Provider came to the Home Location (automatic service cancellation). The
					Cancellation Fee is charged for the time and effort the Service Provider spends getting to the Home
					Location and waiting for you at the Home Location, that is as a compensation for the costs Service Providers incurred
					getting to the Home Location of the Service User and/or waiting for the Service User at the Home Location.
					In other words, the CAR:GO Service Cancellation Fee is charged because the Service User did not (timely)
					appear at the designated location, thereby permanently preventing the Service Provider from providing the
					CAR:GO Service in accordance with the concluded contract.
We also offer Service Users the opportunity to evaluate Service Providers after the provision of
					CAR:GO Services has been completed. You rate the service provider in the range of one to five stars,
					according to how satisfied you are with the provided CAR:GO Service. If you have decided that you
					want to give your rating, you must provide accurate feedback, based on your objective view of the
					quality of the provided CAR:GO Service. Positive ratings help you as Service Users in choosing a
					Service Provider, and the goal of this evaluation is mutual correction, to help us improve and
					better CAR:GO Services, but also to monitor the quality of services provided to you as Service
					Users.
In addition, we enable Service Providers with low ratings and thus protect you as Service Users.
					After you have evaluated the CAR:GO Service provided by the Service Provider, a notification will be
					sent to your e-mail address stating the exact amount of money deducted from your payment card.
Liabilities of Service Users
You are obligated to use the CAR:GO Application and Services as a Service User in accordance with
					these Terms of Use. You are obligated to behave decently and politely towards the Service Providers
					or any other person who is with you at any time during the use of the Services. You are also
					obligated to reasonably ensure that those who use our Services with you at the same time behave
					decently and politely.
You are obligated to ensure that your use of CAR:GO Application and/or Service, including but not
					limited to providing all necessary information, data, images or any other documents of any format:
is in accordance with applicable laws and regulations;
does not infringe the intellectual property rights or other proprietary rights of any third
						party;
is not viewed in any way as:
offensive, illegal or inappropriate;
inciting racism, arrogance, hatred or violence of any kind against a group or an individual;
harassing or advocating harassment of another person;
showing pornographic or sexually explicit material;
promoting any type of behavior that is violent, threatening, obscene or defamatory;
promoting any illegal activities;
promoting or entering information that you know or believe to be inaccurate, false or
							misleading;
engage in promotions, competitions, sweepstakes or any other activity of this kind without
							our prior written consent;
exploitation of people in a sexual or violent manner;
violating or infringing any third party's right to privacy;
transmitting "unsolicited e-mail" or "chain e-mails", or as unsolicited mass e-mail, or
							sending unsolicited e-mails
influencing other persons, i.e., encouraging other persons to behave in one of the above
							ways;
collecting and processing information on other Service Users without their consent;
disrupting or disturbing the operation of a server or network associated with the Services;
unauthorized access to the Services through other computer systems or networks;
harassment or obstruction in the use of other Service Users, i.e. members of the CAR:GO
							Association;
Otherwise, you are obligated to compensate DNP GO TECHNOLOGIES for all losses, liabilities, expenses
					and
					other damages (including, but not limited to, legal costs) incurred or that result directly or
					indirectly from violations of these provisions. DNP GO TECHNOLOGIES reserves the right to
					investigate
					specific situations and take appropriate measures against you if it is determined that you have
					violated the provisions of these Terms of Use in any way while using CAR:GO Application or Service.
					Appropriate measures include the possibility of temporary suspension or permanent deactivation of
					the user account as well as the initiation of legal proceedings.
4. GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Any form of notice or communication, which is permitted or necessary in accordance with these Terms
					of Use by DNP GO TECHNOLOGIES will be sent to the email address you provided when creating your user
					account. In the event that any party does not exercise their particular right or remedy under these
					Terms of Use or applicable law, this will not be considered a waiver of that right or remedy, and
					such case will not prevent further exercise of another right or remedy under these Terms of Use. The
					Terms of Use represent and establish an understanding and interpretation of the entire relationship
					between you and DNP GO TECHNOLOGIES with respect to the entire content of these Terms of Use, while
					any
					prior agreements between the parties, made in writing or orally, will be considered invalid.
5. PAYMENT
Billing Technology
When creating a user account, you are obligated to provide information on the valid payment method,
					i.e., data from your payment card that you will use to pay for the Services and from which the
					CAR:GO Service fee and Platform Processing Fee will be deducted. Before starting to use the
					Services, it is necessary to connect your user account with the available payment method. After each
					use of the CAR: GO Service, the Platform Processing Fee and the fee for the CAR: GO Service provided
					by the Service Providers will be deducted automatically from your payment card which you registered
					when creating the user account. We emphasize that the payment for the provided CAR: GO Service is
					made exclusively by card, therefore DNP GO TECHNOLOGIES cannot be held responsible under any
					circumstances
					for claiming and/or collection of the fee by the Service Providers in cash.
You will receive a bill to your registered email address each time you use the Service. You can check
					the current balance of funds in your account at any time.
Since the Service Providers are obligated fiscalization entities starting from May 1, 2022, by
					accepting these Terms, the User agrees to have the fiscal invoice delivered to him electronically,
					to an e-mail address, through an electronic fiscal device approved by the Tax Administration of the
					Republic of Serbia.
Credit Cards
In case of card payment, it is necessary for the User to enter the card data in the provided fields.
					We do not have access to user card information. When the user selects the card payment method, iPay
					performs pre-authorization, i.e., checks the card, to determine whether the card is active and
					whether there are sufficient funds for the requested transaction.
When entering card payment data, confidential information is transmitted via public network in a
					protected (encrypted) form. At the time of purchase, data security is guaranteed. No payment card
					information is available to our system at any time.
When adding a payment card, 1.00 RSD will be reserved from your payment card for card verification,
					and after a certain time (up to 7 days) this amount will be reimbursed to you.
					All payments will be made in the local currency of the Republic of Serbia – dinars (RSD). The
					exchange rate of the National Bank of Serbia is used for informative presentation of prices in other
					currencies. The amount charged from your card will be expressed in your local currency through
					conversion at the exchange rate used by card organizations/your issuing bank, which we aware of at
					the time of the transaction. As a result of this conversion, there is a possibility of a slight
					variation from the original price listed on our website and the one you can see in your bank
					statement.
CAR:GO Service Fee
DNP GO TECHNOLOGIES will charge for the use of CAR:GO Service on behalf of Service Providers. The
					price is determined, according to a variety of factors including most notably the type of service,
					geography, traffic density and the time required for providing the service. We reserve the right to
					change the established method of price assessment at any time, but with the obligation to
					immediately post the new method on the CAR:GO Application and Website, as well as to inform all
					Service Users thereof. After entering all relevant information about the service, but before
					requesting the service, the Service Users can check the estimated price of the service and based on
					this estimate decide whether to request the CAR:GO Service or not. The Service User can additionally
					reward the Service Provider, but is not obligated to do that, and it depends solely on the Service
					User's will to do so.
Platform Processing Fee
DNP GO TECHNOLOGIES will charge for the use of the Platform (hereinafter: Platform Processing Fee)
					on behalf of Service Providers in the amount of 189,90 dinars increased by the corresponding VAT per transaction.
					We reserve the right to change the amount of the Platform Processing Fee at any time, but with our obligation to
					immediately publish the new amount on the CAR:GO Application and Website, as well as to inform all
					Service Users. You will receive an invoice at your registered e-mail address, which will state the
					amount of the fee for using the CAR:GO Application, as well as the Platform Processing Fee.
Cancellation Fee
DNP GO TECHNOLOGIES shall, on behalf of Service Providers, charge for the cancellation of the CAR:GO
					Service in accordance with these Terms of Use in the amount of 495,00 dinars per cancellation.
					The CAR:GO Service Cancellation Fee is charged if: 1) the Service User cancels the CAR:GO Service within 15 seconds from the moment the Service Provider accepted the Service User's request to provide the CAR:GO Service; 2) if the Service User does not appear at the Home Location within 10 minutes from the moment the Service Provider arrived at the Home Location (automatic service cancellation).
					The CAR:GO Service Cancellation Fee is charged if: 1) the Service User cancels the CAR:GO Service within
					15 seconds from the moment the Service Provider accepted the Service User's request to provide the CAR:GO Service;
					2) if the Service User does not appear at the Home Location within 15 minutes from the moment the Service
					Provider arrived at the Home Location (automatic service cancellation).
					The Cancellation Fee is charged for the time and effort the Service Providers spend ,that is as a compensation
					for the costs Service Providers incurred getting to the Home Location of the Service User and/or waiting for the
					Service User at the Home Location.
In other words, the CAR:GO Service Cancellation Fee is charged because the Service User did not (timely) appear
					at the designated location, thereby permanently preventing the Service Provider from providing the CAR:GO Service
					in accordance with the concluded contract.
We reserve the right to change the amount of the Cancellation Fee at any time, but with the obligation
					to immediately publish the new amount on the CAR:GO Application and Website, as well as to inform
					all Service Users thereof. You will receive an invoice at your registered e-mail address, which will
					state the amount of the charged Cancellation Fee.
Refunds
In the event of a refund of the amount you have previously paid from one of your payment cards, in
					part or in full, and regardless of the reason for the refund, we are obligated to refund only
					through VISA, EC/MC and Maestro payment methods, which means that, at the request of the seller, the
					bank will refund the amount to the account of the payment card user.
6. Data Protection
Caring for personal data and transparency are the key values on which we base our business. All
					necessary information regarding the use of your personal data for the purposes of CAR:GO Application
					can be found in the Privacy Notice.
7. Quality of our Services
For all questions regarding these Terms of Use (including CAR:GO Butler Annex) and their application,
					you can contact our customer service which is available via email:
support@appcargo.com
. For our part, we will make the
					necessary efforts to respond to all incoming requests for support within a reasonable time and in
					accordance with the law.
8. Warranty Disclaimer
The Service User hereby guarantees: (a) that he has the right and ability to become a Service User
					and undertakes to act in accordance with these Terms of Use; (b) to comply with all applicable laws
					and regulations relating to the use of CARG:GO Applications and Services; and (c) to comply with all
					obligations arising from these Terms of Use.
You agree that you will use the CARG:GO Application or our Services at your own risk. We will take
					all reasonable steps to provide you with a good and quality Services, however we do not guarantee
					that such services will be error-free or uninterrupted at all times. Except as expressly provided
					herein, to the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not guarantee the accuracy of the highlighted
					content, its completeness or suitability for a particular purpose.
9. Liability Disclaimer
All content displayed or used on the CAR:GO Application is displayed without any warranties,
					conditions or guarantees regarding its accuracy on our part. You bear the risks associated with
					using CAR:GO Application, Services and the Internet.
We will not be liable for loss or any damages caused by viruses, distributed denial of service
					attacks or other technologically harmful materials that may infect your electronic and/or mobile
					equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of CAR:GO
					Applications and/or Services, or for downloading any content on it or on any website linked to it.
					You expressly agree that we are cannot under no circumstances be held liable for any damages
					resulting from: (i) use, downtime, failure to CAR:GO Application or Services or any kind of
					incapacity use of CAR:GO Application, i.e., Service at a given moment, if it could not have been
					foreseen or eliminated in a timely manner; (ii) costs of procuring goods and services incurred on
					the basis of any data or information related to the CAR:GO Application or Services, services
					provided, messages received, or notifications or transactions concluded through or from the Service;
					(iii) any inaccuracy, irrelevance or incompleteness of the published information on the CAR:GO
					Application or Services; (iv) statements or conduct of any third party regarding the CAR:GO
					Application or Services; (v) direct transactions between you and a third party or Service Provider;
					(vi) the actions or omissions of any Service Provider, as your service contract is directly linked
					to the Service Provider, and any request you may have in this regard may only be forwarded directly
					to the Service Provider - unless you know exactly who provided it to you. Services, you can contact
					us via user's email address and ask us to provide you with information about the Service Provider;
The limitations set forth in this article apply to: (i) indirect and incidental damages, including,
					but not limited to, damages due to loss of profit or other intangible losses; (ii) all consequences
					of the claim or claim in aggregate, including, without limitation, breach of contract, breach of
					warranty, indemnification, negligence, gross negligence, willful misconduct, misrepresentation and
					other fraudulent practices.
The restrictions set forth in this section are not intended to exclude or alter your rights as a
					consumer guaranteed by law. The restrictions set forth in this section will continue to apply after
					the expiration of these Terms of Use. Restrictions will also apply if any of the remedies listed in
					these Terms of Use are officially found to be inapplicable or discarded.
10. Indemnity
By accepting these Terms of Use, you agree to indemnify DNP GO TECHNOLOGIES or the Service Providers
					for
					all damages, including attorneys' fees and legal proceedings, arising from: a) your use of the
					CAR:GO Application, or Services outside the established rules; b) violation of any provision of
					these Terms of Use; c) misuse of confidential information; d) violation of the rights of any third
					party or other member of the Association; e) infringement of intellectual property over the contents
					of CAR:GO Application.
If, in the course of your use of Services, your misconduct results in damages which excess the
					"usual" damages, you will be liable for compensation for the costs of repairing that damage.
If this situation occurs, the Service Provider or the Retailer will contact us with a request and a
					detailed report on the damage. If we verify the received request and determine that it is justified,
					we reserve a full right to invoice the appropriate amount corresponding to the damage from your user
					account as a member of the CAR:GO Association, i.e., from the reported payment method.
You understand and agree that we cannot be held responsible and liable under any circumstances for
					violations of the provisions by the Service Provider of the law governing consumer protection, and
					the law governing fiscalization, including but not limited to inadequate content of fiscal snippets
					- invoices, non-issuance of fiscal snippets - invoices by the Service Provider etc. as your service
					agreement is bound exclusively and directly to the Service Provider.
The provisions set out in this section will continue to apply after the expiration of these Terms of
					Use.
11. Termination or Modification of the Provided Services
We reserve the full right to change, modify, suspend or terminate CAR:GO Application indefinitely at
					any time and for any reason at our discretion, or to terminate your access to the Services,
					especially when it is for the purpose of improving the Services, and better the performance of
					CAR:GO Applications. We also reserve the full right to restrict access to some or all parts of the
					CAR:GO Application/Service for any reason if necessary.
In the event that the change may have consequences that may affect your use of CAR:GO Application or
					Services, this will be posted on our Website or through the CAR:GO Application within a reasonable
					time and in an adequate manner. Also, all changes related to the protection of your personal data
					will be timely and adequately visible in the Privacy Notice.
We reserve a full right to terminate the provision of our Services at any time, without prior notice
					in case we are prohibited from further providing the Services: a) applicable laws and regulations;
					or b) any statutory regulations of our business partners or service providers.
Until changes take effect, the previously valid Terms of Use will apply. For new users, the latest
					version of the Terms of Use will apply immediately.
12. Third Party Services
The services you use may be provided through the use of various third party products and services as
					well as hosting partners in order to provide you with the necessary hardware and software solutions,
					networking, storage and support for all types of marketing or related technology necessary to run
					CAR:GO Application and Services. We cannot control or regulate the services of third parties in
					these Terms of Use, as third parties are not and under no circumstances cannot be considered a party
					to these Terms of Use. Therefore, you agree that we cannot in any way be held liable for any product
					or service provided by third parties, while at the same time accepting that third parties are not
					responsible for providing any kind of customer support.
Additionally, we do not guarantee the accuracy of any kind of public presentation or information,
					including prices and ratings, displayed by third parties that provide certain services related to
					the use of our Services, or CAR:GO Application.
Please note that for the purpose of these Terms of Use, Apple Inc., Google Inc., Microsoft
					Corporation or BlackBerry Limited will be considered third parties if you use the Services through
					developed mobile applications for Apple iOS, Android, Microsoft Windows or Blackberry mobile
					operating systems.
13. Duration and Termination of Services
Upon acceptance of these Terms of Use, you agree to abide by them. There is no limit to the period
					of validity of the Terms of Use. However, you may terminate the established relationship between you
					and DNP GO TECHNOLOGIES at any time by deactivating your account and sending a deactivation request
					to the
					following email address:
support@appcargo.com
. After
					receiving confirmation from DNP GO TECHNOLOGIES that your account has been deactivated, you can
					permanently delete the CAR:GO Application installed on all devices in your possession.
We reserve a full right to terminate the provision of the Services to you at any time with immediate
					effect, deactivation of your account or otherwise prevent access to or use of the CAR:GO
					Application, in our sole discretion.
14. Copyright and Content Ownership
Subject to these Terms of Use, we grant you a limited, non-exclusive, revocable, non-transferable
					right to use the Services through access and use of CAR:GO Application on your device, or access and
					use of our Website, and through using any content and information that may be made available, and in
					any case for personal and non-commercial purposes only, unless otherwise agreed.
In the course of applying these Terms of Use, you may not: (a) remove the logo, trademark or any
					copyright or related rights mark from any part of the CAR:GO Application; (b) sell, copy,
					distribute, offer, rent or otherwise commercially exploit the Services/CAR: GO Application, unless
					expressly permitted by DNP GO TECHNOLOGIES; (c) modify, change, decompile or disassemble any part of
					the
					CAR:GO Application; (d) use any part of the CAR:GO Application to collect statistics, index,
					research, or interfere with the operation and functionality of any aspect of the Services; (e)
					attempt or make unauthorized access to the Services/CAR:GO Application which may compromise the
					provision of the Services and the functioning of the CAR:GO Application, any part thereof, connected
					system or network.
15. Promotions and Marketing
You agree to make promotions, coupons, promo codes, credit or loyalty programs with various
					functions available to you at our sole discretion when available. We are not responsible for or
					guarantee that you will be able to use any of these benefits. We reserve the full right, agreed with
					you through these Terms of Use, to deduct any of the benefits given to you in the event that we have
					reason to believe, or to determine that there has been any kind of error, forgery, illegality or
					violation of the rules in connection with the benefits previously given to you. We also reserve the
					right to terminate, stop or cancel further opportunities to use the benefits at any time without
					prior notice.
16. Complaints
In the event that you, as a Service User, are billed for services not performed in accordance with
					these Terms of Use, you are authorized to file a complaint by sending an email to our official email
					address:
support@appcargo.com
.
We will act on all complaints within the deadlines prescribed by law.
17. E-mail Notice
You agree that, when necessary, we may electronically provide you with the necessary information,
					documents and other information regarding the use of CAR:GO Application or Service. Also, by using
					the Services, you agree that we are not and cannot be held liable in the event of a failed delivery
					of emails to your email address.
18. Validity of Provisions
In the event that any provision of these Terms of Use is declared invalid or unenforceable by the
					competent court, the remaining provisions shall remain in full force and effect.
					The invalidity of any provision of these Terms of Use shall not invalidate the Terms of Use as a
					whole.
19. Dispute Resolution
By accepting these Terms of Use, you agree that all disputes arising between you and DNP GO
					TECHNOLOGIES during use or in connection with the Services will be resolved amicably. Otherwise, if
					it is not possible to reach an amicable solution, all disputes arising from or in connection with
					these Terms of Use will be referred to the competent court of the Republic of Serbia, in order to
					protect the rights that the party considers endangered or violated.
20. Other
These Terms of Use and which may be modified as necessary from time to time, represent a complete and
					exclusive agreement to govern the relationship between you as a Service User, on one hand and us, as
					DNP GO TECHNOLOGIES DOO Belgrade-Vračar, on the other hand. We will publish new versions of the
					Terms of Use on the CAR:GO Application and Website, if any changes occur (
http://appcargo.com
). In the case of separate agreements on the
					use of CAR:GO Application or Services, these agreements will be added to these Terms of Use as an
					appendix. All questions about these Terms of Use can be sent by email at
support@appcargo.com
.
DNP GO TECHNOLOGIES DOO Beograd-Vračar
Branch office: DNP GO TECHNOLOGIES DOO BEOGRAD OGRANAK GO TECHNOLOGIES BEOGRAD (VRAČAR)
TAX ID 111246989
COMPANY ID 21448613
Activity code: 6202
www.appcargo.com
Tel: +381 11 4032 027
support@appcargo.com