Software for Mac
GarageSale
Make your business on eBay
GaragePay
PayPal at a Glance - on your Mac
GarageBuy
Search and buy eBay items
Apps for iOS
GarageSale Scout
The helper app for GarageSale
GarageBuy Touch
GarageBuy for iOS
Homepage & Blog
User Forum
About iwascoding
Support & Contact
Lost Licenses
Impressum/Imprint
AGB/Terms & Conditions
Datenschutz/Privacy Policy
Press Kit
Admin
Follow Us on Mastodon
Hire Us!
Excellent Software Development
for Mac and iOS
General Terms and Conditions (AGB)
§ 1 Applicability
(1) A contract between the customer and iwascoding GmbH (referred to as iwascoding forthwith), Weserstr. 18, 10247 Berlin (Registrar Berlin-Charlottenburg HRB 97269) is only valid in conjunction with the application of these general terms and conditions.
(2) The customer confirms recognition of this fact and declares their acceptance of the following general terms and conditions.
§ 2 Object of agreement
The object of this agreement is the transfer of a computer program, as well as instructions regarding the installation and the use of that program, referred to jointly as software in the following. The software is transferred permanently to the customer in return for a single license fee payment. In accordance with the agreement the software is proffered via download.
§ 3 Contract conclusion
(1) iwascoding makes the software available for download at the
www.iwascoding.com
Internet site. Depending on the product, the customer can:
a) download software as a demo version allowing test use for a limited period of time. The demo version can be extended/unlocked by inputting a license key;
b) download software without a license key if another software product from iwascoding is already installed with a license key.
(2) When the customer places their order they offer to enter a contract to purchase software from iwascoding. When the contract offer is accepted, the customer immediately receives written confirmation. Depending on the product, the customer will either be sent the license key required to activate the full version of the software via email (the customer carefully retains the license key for later use), or they are provided access to download the software.
§ 4 Delivery / Payment
(1) iwascoding is only obligated, depending on the software product configuration, to deliver the license key or make available the license key-free software once full payment has been received.
(2) When the customer receives their license key or the software is fully downloaded, the contract with iwascoding is fulfilled.
(3) Payments made within the European Economic and Monetary Union are to be made in EURO. Payments made outside the European Economic and Monetary Union are to be made in United States Dollars.
(4) In accordance with German Federal taxation law iwascoding charges the applicable value added tax (currently: 19%). The customer may make purchase without payment of value added tax after entering their valid value added tax identification number.
§ 5 Scope of software use
The use, application and distribution of the software are regulated as per the end user licensing agreement for the respective software. Applicable German Federal copyright laws remain unaffected.
§ 6 Right of revocation
If the customer is a consumer, i.e. every natural person who enters into a legal transaction for a purpose that is outside their trade, business or profession, the following applies:
Revocation instructions:
Right of revocation: You can revoke this contract in writing (e.g. letter, fax, email) within two weeks without providing reason for your wish to revoke. This right of revocation period begins with receipt of these instructions. The revocation period is measured by the time the written revocation is sent.
Revocation is to be addressed to:
iwascoding GmbH, represented by Managing Directors Paul Hecker, Ilja Iwas, Weserstr. 18, 10247 Berlin,
Fax: 030 - 46999-4707
E-Mail:
Consequences of revocation: In the case of an effected revocation, the reciprocal benefits of the purchase exchange are to be returned and where necessary derived benefits (e.g. interest earned) compensated. The customer does not incur any costs for return.
There is no right of revocation and right of return as per the Distance Contracts section of the Federal German Civil Code §§ 312d, 355 (BGB):
a) once the license code has been entered and hence successful activation of the full version of the software is complete.
b) after complete download of the software (in the case of § 3 (1) b) in these general terms and conditions), as these products are no longer suitable for return due to their configuration. (Para. 4 No. 1 BGB).
§ 7 Claims for defects
(1) Defects in the delivered software will be remedied by iwascoding, after corresponding report of defect by the customer, within one year of the activation of the full version or the completion of the download of the software. Remedying will be carried out in the form of provision of non-defect software (replacement delivery).
(2) iwascoding is justified in the provision of a new version of the program with at least the same range of functions, unless this is unacceptable to the customer. The replacement delivery is carried out as per the initial product provision by provision of the software on the iwascoding Internet site and consequent download by the customer.
§ 8 Liability
(1) Liability is limited to direct damages typically applicable to this contract type, those which each party to the contract must take into account due to the circumstances at the time of contract completion.
(2) Liability for loss of data is limited to the typical recovery cost, which would have been incurred in the case of regular creation of backup copies in accordance with existing risk of data loss.
(3) The limitations of liability stated in (1) and (2) do not apply to damages resulting from willful intent or gross negligence, for damages resulting from injury to life, body, health or for any possible arising claims made in accordance with the Product Liability Act.
§ 9 Data protection
(1) Personal data are collected, processed and utilised by iwascoding solely for the purpose of completion of business transactions. iwascoding does not pass on personal data to third parties without the express consent of the customer. The customer has the right to information regarding their data as well as a right to the correction, blocking and deletion of their data.
(2) In addition the regulations specified in the German Federal Data Protection Act and the German Federal Tele Media Act also apply.
(3) The contact for customer rights as per (1) and (2) is:
iwascoding GmbH, Weserstr. 18, 10247 Berlin,
Telefax: 030 - 46999-4707
E-Mail:
§ 10 Applicable law
The parties agree with regard to all legal consequences resulting from this contractual agreement that the law of the Federal Republic of Germany applies under exclusion of the UN Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods.
§ 11 Court of jurisdiction
For all disputes arising within the scope of the completion of this contract the court of jurisdiction is Berlin. If the customer is a consumer the legally applicable court of jurisdiction applies.
Allgemeine Geschäftsbedingungen (AGB)
§ 1 Geltungsbereich
(1) Zwischen dem Kunden und der iwascoding GmbH (im Folgenden iwascoding genannt), Weserstr. 18, 10247 Berlin (Amtsgericht Berlin-Charlottenburg HRB 97269) kommt ein Vertrag nur unter Anwendung dieser Allgemeinen Geschäftsbedingungen zustande.
(2) Der Kunde bestätigt die Kenntnisnahme und erklärt sein Einverständnis mit den folgenden Allgemeinen Geschäftsbedingungen.
§ 2 Vertragsgegenstand
Gegenstand des Vertrages ist die überlassung eines Computerprogrammes, der Anweisungen über die Installation und die Benutzung des Programmmes, nachfolgend zusammenfassend als Software bezeichnet. Die Software wird dem Kunden auf Dauer gegen Zahlung einer einmaligen Lizenzgebühr überlassen. Vereinbarungsgemäß wird die Software mittels Download überlassen.
§ 3 Vertragsschluß
(1) Die Software wird von iwascoding auf der Internetseite
www.iwascoding.com
zum Abruf bereit gestellt. Der Kunde kann die Software produktabhängig
a) als Demoversion herunterladen und zeitlich begrenzt prüfen. Die Erweiterung der Demoversion zur Vollversion erfolgt durch Eingabe eines Lizenzschlüssels;
b) ohne Lizenzschlüssel herunterladen, wenn eine andere Software von iwascoding mit Lizenzschlüssel bereits installiert ist.
(2) Mit seiner Bestellung gibt der Kunde ein Angebot zum Abschluß eines Vertrages über den Erwerb der Software gegenüber iwascoding ab. Bei Annahme des Vertragsangebotes erhält der Kunde umgehend ein Bestätigungsschreiben. Produktabhängig wird dem Kunden entweder der für die Aktivierung der Vollversion erforderliche Lizenzschlüssel per E-Mail übersandt (der Kunde bewahrt den Lizenzschlüssel für spätere Verwendungen sicher auf), oder der Download der Software ermöglicht.
§ 4 Lieferung / Zahlung
(1) iwascoding ist erst nach vollständiger Zahlung je nach Beschaffenheit der Software zur Lieferung des Lizenzschlüssels oder zur Bereitstellung der ohne Lizenzschlüssel nutzbaren Software verpflichtet.
(2) Mit dem Eingang des Lizenzschlüssels bei dem Kunden oder dem Download der vollständigen Software ist der Vertrag von iwascoding erfüllt.
(3) Zahlungen innerhalb der Europäischen Währungsunion erfolgen in EURO. Zahlungen außerhalb der Europäischen Währungsunion erfolgen in US-Dollar.
(4) iwascoding erhebt den nach deutschem Recht jeweils geltenden Umsatzsteuerbetrag (gegenwärtig: 19%). Der Kunde kann durch Eingabe seiner gültigen Umsatzsteueridentifikationsnummer umsatzsteuerfrei einkaufen.
§ 5 Nutzungsumfang
Die Nutzung, Verwendung und Weitergabe der Software ist in der Endnutzerlizenzvereinbarung für die jeweilige Software geregelt. Im übrigen gelten die Bestimmungen des Urheberrechtsgesetzes.
§ 6 Widerrufsrecht
Ist der Kunde Verbraucher, das heißt eine natürliche Person, die ein Rechtsgeschäft zu einem Zweck abschließt, der weder ihrer gewerblichen noch ihrer selbständigen beruflichen Tätigkeit zugerechnet werden kann, gilt folgende
Widerrufsbelehrung:
Widerrufsrecht: Sie können ihre Vertragserklärung innerhalb von zwei Wochen ohne Angabe von Gründen in Textform (z.B. Brief, Fax, E-Mail) widerrufen. Die Frist beginnt nach Erhalt dieser Belehrung in Textform. Zur Wahrung der Widerrufsfrist genügt die rechtzeitige Absendung des Widerrufs.
Der Widerruf ist zu richten an:
iwascoding GmbH, vertreten durch die Geschäftsführer Paul Hecker, Ilja Iwas,
Weserstr. 18, 10247 Berlin,
Telefax: 030 - 46999-4707
E-Mail:
Widerrufsfolgen: Im Falle eines wirksamen Widerrufs sind die beiderseits empfangenen Leistungen zurückzugewähren und ggf. gezogene Nutzungen (z.B. Zinsen) herauszugeben. Die übersendung durch den Kunden erfolgt für diesen kostenfrei.
Ein Widerrufsrecht nach dem Fernabsatzrecht §§ 312d, 355 BGB besteht nicht
a) nach der Eingabe des Lizenzschlüssels und damit erfolgter Aktivierung der Vollversion der Software
b) nach vollständigem Download von Software (im Falle von § 3 (1) b) dieser allgemeinen Geschäftsbedingungen),
da diese aufgrund ihrer Beschaffenheit nicht für eine anschließende Rücksendung geeignet ist (§ 312d Abs. 4 Nr. 1 BGB).
§ 7 Mängelansprüche
(1) Mängel der gelieferten Software werden von iwascoding innerhalb von einem Jahr beginnend mit der Aktivierung der Vollversion, bzw. dem Ende des Downloads der Software nach entsprechender Mitteilung durch den Kunden behoben. Dies geschieht durch Bereitstellung der mangelfreien Software (Ersatzlieferung).
(2) iwascoding ist zur Lieferung einer neuen Programmversion mit mindestens gleichwertigem Funktionsumfang berechtigt, es sei denn dies ist für den Kunden unzumutbar. Die Ersatzlieferung erfolgt wie die Erstlieferung durch Bereitstellen der Software auf der Internetseite von iwascoding und anschließendem Download durch den Kunden.
§ 8 Haftung
(1) Die Haftung ist auf den vertragstypischen Schaden begrenzt, mit dessen Entstehen jeder Vertragspartner bei Vertragschluss aufgrund der ihm zu diesem Zeitpunkt bekannten Umstände rechnen mußte.
(2) Die Haftung für Datenverlust wird auf den typischen Wiederherstellungsaufwand beschränkt, der bei regelmäßiger und gefahrentsprechender Anfertigung von Sicherungskopien eingetreten wäre.
(3) Die in (1) und (2) genannten Haftungsbeschränkungen gelten nicht für Schäden, die auf Vorsatz oder grober Fahrlässigkeit beruhen, für Schäden aus der Verletzung des Lebens, des Körpers oder der Gesundheit und für eventuelle Ansprüche aufgrund des Produkthaftungsgesetzes.
§ 9 Datenschutz
(1) Personenbezogene Daten werden von iwascoding nur zur Erfüllung des Geschäftszweckes erhoben, verarbeitet und genutzt. iwascoding gibt personenbezogene Daten ohne ausdrückliche Einwilligung des Kunden nicht an Dritte weiter. Der Kunde hat ein Recht auf Auskunft (Art. 15 und 20 DSGVO), Berichtigung (Art. 16 DSGVO), Sperrung und Löschung (Art. 17 und 18 DSGVO) seiner Daten.
(2) Im übrigen gelten die Bestimmungen des Bundesdatenschutzgesetzes, der EU-Datenschutzgrundverordnung (DSGVO) und des Telemediengesetzes.
(3) Ansprechpartner für die Rechte des Kunden nach (1) und (2) ist:
iwascoding GmbH, Weserstr. 18, 10247 Berlin,
Telefax: 030 - 46999-4707
E-Mail:
§ 10 Rechtswahl
Die Parteien vereinbaren im Hinblick auf sämtliche Rechtsbeziehungen aus diesem Vertragsverhältnis die Anwendung des Rechts der Bundesrepublik Deutschland unter Ausschluss des UN-Kaufrechts.
§ 11 Gerichtsstand
Gerichtsstand für sämtliche Streitigkeiten, die im Rahmen der Abwicklung dieses Vertragsverhältnisses entstehen, ist Berlin. Ist der Kunde Verbraucher gilt der gesetzliche Gerichtsstand.
Privacy Policy
Customer information we do NOT collect:
eBay Transaction Data
All your eBay communication goes directly from your Mac to eBay's API server, without any of our
servers involved. We don't know what you are selling or buying, so there is nothing to collect for us.
Credit Card Data
As a small company we are trying to focus on what we can do best: creating software. That's why we have
chosen to let specialized companies, like
ShareIt
,
Stripe
or
PayPal
, help us with processing your purchase. They charge your credit card and let us know that you bought our software. We will then send you your personal unlock code.
As a result, we don't even know your credit card information. And if we don't know, we cannot lose it.
Customer information we do collect:
Customer Address Data
Depending on the method you are using to purchase a license for our software, we will collect personal
information such as you name, your e-mail address, and your street address. We will only use this
information to identify your purchase in case you lost your product license.
We will not sell or share this information with anybody outside the company, nor will we send you
unsolicited e-mail or other types of mailings.
Datenschutz
(1)
Personenbezogene Daten werden von iwascoding nur zur Erfüllung des Geschäftszweckes erhoben, verarbeitet und genutzt. iwascoding gibt personenbezogene Daten ohne ausdrückliche Einwilligung des Kunden nicht an Dritte weiter. Der Kunde hat ein Recht auf Auskunft (Art. 15 und 20 DSGVO), Berichtigung (Art. 16 DSGVO), Sperrung und Löschung (Art. 17 und 18 DSGVO) seiner Daten.
(2)
Im übrigen gelten die Bestimmungen des Bundesdatenschutzgesetzes, der EU-Datenschutzgrundverordnung (DSGVO) und des Telemediengesetzes.
(3)
Ansprechpartner für die Rechte des Kunden nach (1) und (2) ist:
iwascoding GmbH, Weserstr. 18, 10247 Berlin,
Telefax: 030 - 46999-4707
E-Mail:
GarageSale
GarageSale Scout
GaragePay
GarageBuy
GarageBuy Touch
Homepage & Blog
User Forum
About iwascoding
Support & Contact
Lost Licenses
Impressum/Imprint
AGB/Terms & Conditions
Datenschutz/Privacy Policy
Press Kit
Admin
Follow Us on Mastodon