Universalis
Apps etc
>
iPhone / iPad / iPod Touch
iPhone/iPad/iPod terms of use and privacy policy
For purchasers of the Universalis apps
Apple give us no information about you.
We collect no information about you ourselves.
For purchasers of music and subscriptions
Apple give us no information about you.
We collect no information about you ourselves.
If you sign up for daily emails
We store your email address and the list of pages you have asked to be sent to you.
We use this information to send you the emails you have asked for. We don't give it to anyone. If you want to stop receiving the automated emails, just reply to one of them. If you want us to delete you completely from our records, let us know and we will do it.
Terms of service
You are allowed to use the apps according to the standard App Store terms of service.
You can copy and paste text from the apps for your own private use, but you cannot republish them.
See the detailed description in our FAQ page
. If you have any doubts or questions, please use the "Contact Us" link at the bottom right-hand corner of this page. Printing things for a retreat or prayer group, if non-commercial, is usually OK; pasting into a web page is not.
We believe the texts and liturgical algorithms to be correct. If you find any discrepancy between what you see and what you expect, contact us and we will do our best to sort it out.
If you take out a subscription through the App Store then it is between you and Apple. We are not allowed to start, alter, cancel or refund subscriptions. Purchased subscriptions renew themselves automatically until you tell them to stop auto-renewing.
Apple's instructions are here
. You can't cancel a subscription once it has started, but you can tell it not to renew itself in future. You won't get a refund but you will get the benefit of the subscription until the next renewal date. (Note: be sure to turn off auto-renewal before the last date of the current subscription period, because Apple take payment for the new period up to 24 hours before the old one expires).
Once you have subscribed for a given period, you will get the benefit of the days covered by that period for ever. For example: if you subscribe on the 4th of January 2016 and turn off auto-renewal on the 5th, you will not get a refund; your subscription will run until the 4th of February and then stop; and for ever after, you will be able to look at the 32 days between the 4th of January and the 4th of February 2016, inclusive, and make use of all their subscription content.
See also:
Privacy policy for the Easter alleluias
.
This web site © Copyright 1996-2021
Universalis 
      Publishing Ltd
·
Contact us
·
Cookies/privacy