SoundHound, Inc. and its affiliates (
“SoundHound,” “we,” “us,”
or
“our”
), are committed to protecting your privacy. It is our mission to empower products across the globe with technologies that provide better user experiences, such as through our platforms that provide advanced voice and conversational intelligence. We want you to have confidence in our products and services and to know that any information we process from or about you or your devices is adequately protected.
This Policy describes how we collect, use, disclose, and otherwise process information from or about you or your devices when you use the following (collectively, the
“Services”
):
Our downloadable software and mobile applications (including applications for tablets and other connected devices) provided by us, including the SoundHound Music and SoundHound Chat AI mobile applications (
“Apps”
),
Our websites,
www.soundhound.com
,
www.houndify.com
,
www.midomi.com
and any other websites that link to this policy (
“Sites”
)
This policy does not apply to situations in which SoundHound’s Voice Services are incorporated into a third-party service, product or application (“Voice-Enabled Solutions”). Examples of Voice-Enabled Solutions that SoundHound is empowering include voice-enabled automobiles, voice-enabled IoT products, voice-enabled drive-thru, voice-enabled ordering and voice-enabled smart answering. For these products and services, SoundHound is the service provider or processor of end-user information. As the processor, SoundHound processes end-user information according to the instructions of the third-party provider (“Third Party Controller”) of the Voice-Enabled Solution. For clarification, the Third Party Controller is the company or merchant from whom you are obtaining the Voice-Enabled Solution. The Third Party Controller could be for example an automotive company, IoT provider, restaurant or other merchant.  End-users should refer to (i) the Third Party Controller’s privacy policy and other relevant documentation to understand how the Third Party Controller of any Voice-Enabled Solution manages end-user information, and/or (ii) SoundHound
Voice-Enabled Solutions Privacy Policy
when the Third Party Controller has adopted or refers to the Voice-Enabled Solutions Privacy Policy as the privacy policy for their Voice-Enabled Solution.
This Privacy Policy is incorporated into our Terms of Service for
SoundHound Music
and
SoundHound Chat AI
. By onboarding the Services, you agree to the terms of this Policy.
Information We Collect
We may collect information from or about you or your devices from various sources described below.
If you do not provide your information when requested, you may not be able to use our Services if that information is necessary to provide you with our Services or if we are legally required to collect it. Where applicable, we indicate whether and why you must provide us with your information, as well as the consequences of failing to do so.
Information Provided by You
Registration Information.
When you register to use the Services, sign up for notifications or updates on the Services, or participate in our surveys, we may collect your name, email address, zip code, and any other information that you provide to us.
Social Network Information.
If you choose to connect the Services to your social network accounts (or other third party services or applications, such as music or transportation providers), we may collect your profile information (such as your name, locale, email address, and profile picture) and other information available on your social network account.
Voice and Audio Information.
When you ask to perform a search with your voice or an audio recording, or when you use your voice to control the Services (e.g., by singing or humming into the Services), we may collect voice or audio interactions. We may also share your voice or audio interactions with SoundHound contractors for quality control purposes. These contractors are under a duty of confidentiality, and in such cases, SoundHound uses technology to morph the audio. SoundHound also uses major cloud service providers, such as Amazon Web Services, Oracle Cloud Infrastructure, and Microsoft Azure for processing of your voice or audio.
Information Maintained on Your Device.
When you use the Services, and when you have enabled such collection in your device or App settings, we may collect certain information maintained on your device to help us tailor our Services to you, such as the contact information in your device’s address book, or your calendars stored on your device.
Midomi Member Profile and Other Information.
Prior to May 2020, we may have collected additional information from midomi users, such as payment information to facilitate media purchases. In addition, we may have collected certain information you provided about yourself for your public profile (such as hobbies, interests, zip code, state, country, musical interests, tastes, influences, evaluations of other users’ recordings, photographs, and song files). Please note that any member profile information, media, music, audio recording, image, comment, or any other content you posted onto midomi prior to May 2020 was publicly available and may have been collected and used by others. SoundHound has deleted this data from its databases, except for certain audio recordings. Associated email addresses are retained for the purpose of fulfilling privacy requests.
Information Obtained from Your Interactions with our Services
Usage Information.
When you use our Services, our servers may automatically collect information about how you use the Services, such as what you search for and what you look at.
Device Information.
When you use our Services, our servers may automatically collect information about the device and software you use to access our Services, such as the operating system, hardware model, application or browser version, and unique identifiers associated with your device, such as your device’s advertising identifiers.
Location Information.
When you use the Services, and when you have enabled such collection in your device or App settings, we may collect location information that your mobile device or browser provides. Depending on how you access the Services, we may receive precise geolocation information from GPS, WiFi, or cell tower location, or rough location information.
Log Information.
When you use our Services, our servers may automatically collect system logs or similar information about your interaction with the Services from your browser. This may include information such as IP address, browser language, date and time of access, browser type or the domain from which you are visiting, web-pages you visit, search terms you use, features you click on and cookie information.
Cookies and Similar Technologies
. When you use our Services, our servers may automatically collect additional website usage data to improve our Services.
A cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your Internet enabled device for security purposes and to improve our Services by providing technical details about your session. A session cookie enables certain features of our Services and is deleted from your computer when you disconnect from or leave the Services. A persistent cookie remains after you disconnect from or leave the Services and may be used on subsequent visits.
This automatically collected information may include your IP address or other device address or ID, web browser and/or device type, the web pages or sites that you visit just before or just after you use the Services , the pages or other content you view or otherwise interact with on the Services, and the dates and times that you visit, access, or use the Services.
We use this information to provide you with our Services and tailor them to you by gathering and remembering information about your preferences. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser settings to decline cookies. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of our Services. You can also learn more by visiting our
Cookie Policy
.
Third-Party Analytics, Session Replay, and Screen Recording Tools.
We use analytics providers such as Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting, Crashlytics, and others that use cookies and similar technologies to collect and analyze information about use of the Services and report on activities and trends. These services may also collect information regarding the use of other websites, apps and online resources. You can learn about Google’s practices by going to
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
, and opt out of them by downloading the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on, available at
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
. We also use analytics and service providers on our Sites to collect and analyze information about use of the websites and report on activities and trends. This includes generating and analyzing session recordings, heatmaps, session replays, mouse clicks, and other analytics, and more. You can also learn more by visiting our
Cookie Policy
.
Publicly Available Information:
We may also collect publicly available information concerning business prospects and leads from consulting firms, marketing firms, third party databases, data brokers as well as LinkedIn, ZoomInfo and similar public business information websites.
How We Use Your Information
We use information from or about you or your devices for the following purposes:
To provide and improve our Services and to improve the relevance of information provided to you by our Services, such as by personalizing your user experience;
To communicate with you and to respond to your questions and/or commands;
To facilitate and process orders and payment information;
To update your status on your social networks, to send messages on your behalf to your social networks, and to provide other features and services to you;
To refine and improve our audio recognition capabilities, and to respond to requests, searches, or commands you speak into the Services;
To facilitate the connection of third party services or applications, such as social networks, music streaming services, and transportation providers;
SoundHound Chat AI collects and transmits device location in order to enable launching navigation apps (Google Maps, Uber, Waze etc.) by voice;
SoundHound Chat AI collects and transmits contacts in order to enable making phone calls and sending text messages by voice;
To send you marketing communications and other types of offers or advertisements, which may be tailored to you, based on information such as your interests and preferences, and to improve the relevance of advertisements displayed to you. For example, we may send you an email to alert you about product upgrades, special offers, updated information and other new products and services;
To enforce legal rights and to comply with the law;
To comply with an order from a government entity or other competent authority;
To prevent or address potential or actual injury or interference with our rights, property, operations, customers or others who may be harmed or may suffer loss or damage;
To protect our rights, prevent fraud and/or comply with judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on SoundHound; or,
For other purposes for which we provide specific notice at the time of the collection of the information.
How We Share Your Information
We do not share or otherwise disclose information we collect from or about you, except as described below or otherwise disclosed to you at the time of the collection.
We may share the information we collect from or about you with:
Our affiliates.
Our service providers performing services on our behalf (e.g., Domain Partners requiring end-users’ location to look up local weather info, Site hosting providers and other parties who assist us in operating our Site, conducting our business, or serving our customers). This includes sharing your information with service providers via cookies and other technologies on our Sites for the purposes of generating and analyzing session recordings, heatmaps, session replays, mouse clicks, and other analytics.
AI vendors such as OpenAI as a service provider. (In addition to this Policy and our Terms of Service, your use of our AI-enhanced products and services are subject to the AI vendors’ terms of use and privacy policy, such as OpenAI’s
Terms of Use,
Privacy Policy
and
Data Processing Addendum
. Please refer to these documents for more information about how OpenAI may use your information.)
SoundHound contractors for quality control purposes. These contractors are under a duty of confidentiality, and SoundHound uses technology to morph the audio.
Major cloud service providers, such as Amazon Web Services, Oracle Cloud Infrastructure, and Microsoft Azure for processing of your voice.
Third parties, such as law enforcement entities, lawyers, professional advisors, or parties involved in a corporate transaction (i) if we are required to do so by law or in response to legal process, (ii) to enforce our site policies, (iii) to protect ours or others’ rights, property, or safety, or (iv) in the event we are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy or liquidation where the business will not continue as a going concern, receivership, sale of assets, or transition of our Services to another provider, then any information we collect may be sold or transferred as part of such a transaction as permitted by law and/or contract.
Third parties, such as our vendors, suppliers, advertisers, and analytics companies to improve our Services and the relevance of the content provided by those third parties. This information is shared in aggregate form, except for certain interactions you make with advertising content (for example, when you click on an ad to upgrade an App).
We do not share information about our own cookies with third parties. If you opt-in to our analytics and advertising cookies, third parties can access cookie information only from their own cookies. We utilize third-party analytics, including Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting, to understand our users better so that we can improve our Services to you. We may also share anonymous demographic and age data with our advertising partners.
Third parties, with whom you can share data through the functionality provided by the Services for sharing or exporting your search results.
Please note that we use Adapex in our Apps for the purposes of personalized advertising, and Adapex will collect and use certain data (hashed and pseudonymous emails, IP address, or information about your browser or operating system) for advertising purposes. Please refer to Adapex’s
Privacy Policy
for more information about how Adapex uses your information. You may opt out of such personalized advertising as set forth below in
“Your Rights and Choices” and as described further in
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
.
Please note that we use YouTube API Services in our Apps. If you use YouTube features in our Apps, your use of YouTube is subject to YouTube’s
Terms of Service
and Google’s
Privacy Policy
. Please refer to Google’s
Privacy Policy
for more information about how YouTube uses your information.
Please note that for our midomi website at
www.midomi.com
, any member profile information, media, music, audio recording, image, comment, or any other content posted onto midomi prior to May 2020 was publicly available and may have been collected and used by others. SoundHound has deleted this data from its databases, except for certain audio recordings. Associated email addresses are retained for the purpose of fulfilling privacy requests.
Individuals Located in the EU
Residents in the European Union are entitled to certain rights with respect to personal information that we hold about them under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
We may also rely on various legal grounds to collect, use, and otherwise process your information, including when:
We need your information to provide you with services and products requested by you, or to respond to your inquiries.
We have a legal obligation to process your information.
We or a third party have a legitimate interest in using your information. In particular, we have a legitimate interest in using your information to ensure and improve the security and performance of our Service, to anonymize your information, to carry out data analyses, and to protect us or our business partners against fraud. We may also collect your Personal Information to record your requests to exercise your rights and to verify your identity for such requests.
In some limited cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect information from you, in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet law enforcement requirements.
Consent you provide where we do not rely on another legal basis. Consent may be withdrawn at any time.
Your Rights and Choices
You may limit some of the information we collect as follows:
Location Information.
You may stop our collection of location information in our Apps by managing your App settings or turning off location services for your device, if your device allows you to do so. Please refer to your device’s settings or user manual for instructions on how to turn off location services.
Contacts.
You may enable or disable the sharing of contacts information to improve voice recognition in Hound via the “Contacts” switch in the settings page.
Personalized Advertising.
You may opt-out of the processing by advertising service providers who may collect certain information from you when you use our Services and may use that or other information to serve you with advertisements that may be of greater interest to you. Some of these service providers are members of the
Network Advertising Initiative
or the
Digital Advertising Alliance
. If you do not wish to receive personalized ads in our Services, please visit the opt-out pages for those organizations to learn about how you may opt out of receiving personalized ads from member companies.
Advertising Identifiers.
You may opt out of our use of your mobile device’s advertising identifier to serve personalized advertising in our Apps by enabling the global interest-based advertising opt-out option appropriate to your device. Please note that opting out via this setting will not affect our use or sharing of any information we have already collected. For more information regarding these advertising identifiers and their options, please visit
https://support.google.com/googleplay/answer/3405269
for Android devices or
https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT202074
for iOS devices.
Marketing Communications.
Any marketing emails we send you will contain instructions for how to unsubscribe from receiving future marketing communications. Please note, however, that you may still receive administrative announcements, such as service disruptions, via email even if you unsubscribe from marketing communications.
Do Not Track.
Some browsers provide you with a way to signal that you do not want your browsing activity to be tracked. The Services may not currently respond to all Do Not Track (“DNT”) or similar signals, as we are awaiting consensus from the Internet policy and legal community on the meaning of DNT and the best way to respond to these signals. California and certain other U.S. state residents may opt out of tracking technologies by broadcasting an Opt-Out Preference Signal, such as the Global Privacy Control (GPC) (on the browsers and/or browser extensions that support such a signal). To download and use a browser supporting the GPC browser signal, click here:
https://globalprivacycontrol.org/orgs
. If you choose to use the GPC signal, you will need to turn it on for each supported browser or browser extension you use. Your request to opt-out of sale/sharing will be linked to your browser identifier only and not linked to any account information because the connection between your browser and the account is not known to us.
If you choose not to provide us with information we collect, some features of the Services may not work as intended without access to these sorts of information. For example, navigation features in our Apps need access to your location to work properly and responses to voice queries that involve contacts’ information will not work as well without knowing the spelling of your contacts.
In some countries, and in particular if you are located in the EU, you may have the right to:
Request access to and receive information about the information we maintain about you, to update and correct inaccuracies in your information, to restrict or to object to the processing of your information, to have the information anonymized or deleted, as appropriate, or to exercise your right to data portability to easily transfer your information to another company.
Withdraw any consent you previously provided to us regarding the processing of your information, at any time and free of charge. We will apply your preferences going forward and this will not affect the lawfulness of the processing before your consent withdrawal.
In addition, you may also have the right to lodge a GDPR complaint with a supervisory authority, including in your country of residence, place of work or where an incident took place. A list of Supervisory Authorities is available here:
http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.htm
.
Those rights may be limited in some circumstances by local law requirements. You may exercise your rights by contacting us as specified below. We may first need to request additional information from you to confirm your identity. We will respond to any complaints as soon as possible and within thirty (30) days of verifying your identity.
If you reside in an applicable jurisdiction and would like to exercise your rights in relation to information from or about you, you may contact us at
privacy@soundhound.com
.
In your request, please make clear which information your request relates to and provide your name, address, email address, and telephone number so that we can attempt to find your information and contact you regarding your request. We may also need to verify your identity before implementing your request.
Please note that we may need to retain certain information for recordkeeping or legal compliance purposes and/or to complete any transactions that you began prior to requesting such change or deletion.
We may transfer information from or about you or your devices to countries other than the country where you are located (including the United States), which may not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction. For more information regarding our compliance with the Data Privacy Framework to authorize data transfers from the EU, UK, and Switzerland, please review the section Data Privacy Framework below. In addition, we enter into Standard Contractual Clauses issued by the European Commission with our business partners where appropriate.
Additional Privacy Rights & Disclosures for Certain U.S. Residents
Several jurisdictions in the United States grant state residents certain rights and disclosures. We provide the following information to further help you understand your potential privacy rights. If you reside in an applicable jurisdiction and would like to exercise your rights in relation to information from or about you, you may contact us at privacy@soundhound.com.
Request for Information and Deletion.
Residents of certain U.S. states have the right to know whether we are processing your personal information, and in some instances, you have the right to request, up to twice in a 12-month period, that we disclose to you the categories listed below for the preceding 12 months. In responding to this right, we may provide to you:
The categories of personal information it has collected about that consumer.
The categories of sources from which the personal information is collected.
The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom the business shares personal information.
The categories of personal information that the business sold about the consumer and the categories of third parties to whom the personal information was sold, by category or categories of personal information for each third party to whom the personal information was sold.
The categories of personal information that the business disclosed about the consumer for a business purpose.
The specific pieces of personal information it has collected about that consumer.
In addition, you may have the right to request we delete your personal information. If you do not register for an account with our Apps and choose to delete our Apps from your device, SoundHound may be unable to locate or delete any data associated with the deleted application.
Request for Correction.
Residents of certain U.S. states have the right to request the correction or rectification of inaccurate information in the resident’s personal information.
Request for Portable Data.
Residents of certain U.S. states have the right to receive, in certain circumstances, a portable format of their personal information that allows the information to be transmitted to another entity.
Opting Out of Cookies and Sale/Sharing Using Online Tracking Technologies.
SoundHound Inc. does not sell your data. However, our use of online tracking technologies to present relevant interest-based ads may be considered a “sale” or “sharing” under certain state privacy laws. Our
Cookie Policy
provides information on how you can control your advertising preferences. When you access the SoundHound.com, Houndify.com, Midomi.com, and other SoundHound websites, our Cookie Policy provides information on how you can control your advertising preferences on your browser. When you are using the SoundHound mobile application, you can control your advertising preferences using the “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information ” toggle in the Settings page.
In addition, residents of certain U.S. states may opt out by broadcasting an opt-out preference signal, such as the Global Privacy Control (GPC) (on the browsers and/or browser extensions that support such a signal). To download and use the browser supporting the GPC browser signal, click here:
https://globalprivacycontrol.org/orgs
. If you choose to use the GPC signal, you will need to turn it on for each supported browser or browser extension you use.
Limiting the Use of Sensitive Personal Information.
Residents of California have the right to direct us to use or disclose sensitive personal information only for providing goods or services, or as otherwise minimally permitted under applicable law. However, we do not use or disclose sensitive personal information for any purpose other than providing our goods and services to you, or as otherwise minimally permitted under applicable law.
Automated Processing & Profiling.
Residents of certain U.S. states have the right to opt out of the processing of personal information for purposes of profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning a consumer.
Right to Equal Service & Price.
Residents of certain U.S. states have the right to receive equal service and price, even if you exercise a privacy right.
Verification Process for Exercising Rights.
To protect your privacy, we verify privacy rights requests to ensure that only you (or your authorized agent) can exercise rights pertaining to your personal information. As part of our verification process, we may request you to submit additional information.
If you are an authorized agent wishing to exercise rights on behalf of a state resident, please contact us using the information above and provide us with a copy of the consumer’s written authorization designating you as their agent. We may need to verify your identity and place of residence before completing the rights request.
Appeal Process.
If we do not decide to act in response to your request to exercise a right, we will provide a timely response detailing the reasons for not taking action and, depending on your jurisdiction, any rights you may have to appeal our decision.
Third Party Marketing.
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits California residents to request information regarding the disclosure of your personal information to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. SoundHound does not share your personal information with third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes.
Data Privacy Framework
SoundHound complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“EU-U.S. DPF”), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF,  and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“Swiss-U.S. DPF”) (collectively, the “DPF”) as set forth by the US Department of Commerce. SoundHound has certified that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (“EU-U.S. DPF Principles”) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. SoundHound has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (“Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles”) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy, the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles (collectively, the “DPF Principles”), the DPF Principles shall govern. To learn more about the DPF program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov
.
With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the DPF, SoundHound is subject to the investigatory and regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission.
Pursuant to the DPF Principles, EU, United Kingdom, and Swiss individuals have the right to obtain our confirmation of whether we maintain personal information relating to you in the United States. Upon request, we will provide you with access to the personal information that we hold about you. You may also correct, amend, or delete the personal information we hold about you. An individual who seeks access, or who seeks to correct, amend, or delete inaccurate data transferred to the United States under the DPF, should direct their query to privacy@soundhound.com. If requested to remove data, we will respond within a reasonable timeframe.
We will provide an individual opt-out or opt-in choice before we share your data with third parties other than our agents, or before we use it for a purpose other than which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized. To request to limit the use and disclosure of your personal information, please submit a written request to privacy@soundhound.com.
As explained in this Privacy Policy, we sometimes provide your information to third parties to perform services on our behalf. If we transfer personal information received under the DPF to a third party, the third party’s access, use, and disclosure of the personal data must also be in compliance with our DPF obligations, and we will remain liable under the DPF for any failure to do so by the third party unless we prove we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage. We may be required to disclose personal information that we handle under the DPF in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
In compliance with the DPF Principles, SoundHound commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information transferred to the United States pursuant to the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF. European Union, UK, and Swiss individuals with DPF inquiries or complaints should first contact SoundHound by email at privacy@soundhound.com.
SoundHound has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the DPF Principles to an alternative dispute resolution mechanism,  JAMS DPF Dispute Resolution, which is a dispute resolution provider based in the US. Please visit
https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolution
for more information or to file a claim. This service is provided free of charge to you.
If your DPF complaint cannot be resolved through the above channels, under certain conditions, you may invoke binding arbitration for some residual claims not resolved by other redress mechanisms. See DPF Annex 1 at
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/article/ANNEX-I-introduction-dpf?tabset-35584=2
Security and Data Retention
SoundHound maintains an information security program designed to safeguard the systems that collect, process, and store the information we collect from or about you or your devices, including against threats of compromise, theft, or destruction. Unfortunately, no information storage system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, and we cannot ensure or warrant against all forms of attack or compromise caused by unintentional errors, omissions, or malicious actors.
By using our Services, you expressly consent to the storage of the information we collect, including your registration information, location information, and recordings of your voice, in a form associated with your Application generated identifier. SoundHound does not require a user to enter a phone number, mobile ID, or email address to use our Apps.
We retain information from or about you or your devices for so long as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy. When the information is no longer necessary for these purposes, we delete it or keep it in a form that does not identify you, unless we are required by law to keep this information for a longer period. When determining the retention period, we take into account various criteria, such as the type of products and services requested by or provided to you, the nature and length of our relationship with you, possible re-enrolment with our products or services, the impact on the services we provide to you if we delete some information from or about you, mandatory retention periods provided by law and the statute of limitations.
Children 16 and Under
Unfortunately, our Sites and Apps are not meant for children under age 16. By using the Sites or Apps, you represent that you are 16 years of age or older. If you are under 16, do not use the Sites or Apps or send any information about yourself to us.
We do not knowingly request or collect personal information from anyone under the age of 13 without requiring parental consent on our Sites or Apps where we act as the controller. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should contact us at privacy@soundhound.com. We will delete such information within a reasonable period of time.
Third Party Apps and Links to Third Party Websites
This Privacy Policy does not apply to links you follow from the Services (including the practices of a Houndify-Enabled Product other than those expressly disclosed above) to other sites, services, applications, or online stores. For example, if you use sharing features to send a tweet or to post on a social network, the information you send will be visible to others.
To understand how other sites, services, applications, and online stores handle your information, please refer to their respective privacy policies.
Changes to this Policy
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time, without prior notice. When we do, we will post the changed policy on our Sites and in the Apps, and we will revise the Effective Date listed below. At our discretion, we will make reasonable efforts to notify you of material changes, by email to any address you may have provided to us, through a pop-up window on the Sites or in the Apps, or other similar mechanism as appropriate under the circumstances. By continuing to use the Sites or Apps after we post the revised Privacy Policy to them, you signify your acceptance of the revised policy. We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy so you know how we are collecting, using, and sharing your information.
Contact Information
SoundHound, Inc. is responsible for processing your information. If you have any questions, comments, or concerns about our processing activities, please email us at
privacy@soundhound.com
.