iRecorder Pro
Support
About
Support
Privacy Policy
Solving Problems
General Troubleshooting
Recovering Lost Recordings
How To
Use Finder or iTunes(PC) to Download
Rename a Recording
Tech Notes
About iPod Touch Microphone
Audio Format Details
Release Notes
Privacy Policy
FAQs
How to Get a Refund
Contact Us
Contact Support
Send Feedback
Privacy Policy
Protecting  your privacy is important. This Statement of Privacy applies to all information collected by or submitted to SIMPLETOUCH LLC  websites, applications for iOS,  and other platforms such as Android, herein referred to as products. By using our products you consent to the data practices described in the statement.
Information We Collect
SIMPLETOUCH LLC occasionally needs to collect information for technical and functional requirements. This information includes:
The type of device running the application (e.g. an iPhone 5), its platform version (e.g. iOS 6.0), and the version of application in use (e.g. 1.0).
The language being used on the device
Anonymous usage statistics
Diagnostic messages
At times, diagnostic messages can contain titles or file names you assign to items in our products. These messages are anonymous.
SIMPLETOUCH LLC collects and stores information automatically and through the use of electronic tools that may be transparent to users. For example, we may log the name of your Internet Service Provider, your IP address, and information provided by and about your Internet browser. As we adopt additional technology, we may also gather similar information through other means. We may also use cookie technology for your convenience as we see fit, such as to keep you logged in between uses if we add a login feature.
How We Use Information We Collect
We use the information you provide to design, operate, and diagnose our products.
We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to accomplish the products  functionality.
We do not share your email address with third parties.
We may disclose your information in response to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or to defend against legal claims.
We may disclose your information when we believe it necessary or desirable in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of our policies, and/or to protect our rights and property.
In the future, we may sell, buy, merge, or partner with other companies or businesses. In such transactions, user information may be among the transferred assets.
External services beyond our control are integrated with our products where necessary, such as Google Analytics for traffic measurement and tracking. We make reasonable efforts to ensure that all integrated external services are trustworthy and reputable, but we cannot be held responsible for data collection and usage by such services.
Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please email privacy@simpletouchsoftware.com
Changes To This Policy
SIMPLETOUCH LLC reserves the right to change this policy at any time. Please check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of our products following the posting of changes to this policy will mean you accept those changes.