Back
Home
Apps
Data Privacy Policy
Our website  may be used without entering personal information. Different rules may apply to  certain services on our site, however, and are explained separately below. Information is considered personal if it can be associated  exclusively to a specific natural person.  The provisions below serve to provide information as to  the manner, extent and purpose for collecting, using and processing personal  information by the provider.
Piet Jonas
Zur Marktflagge 5
10247 Berlin
Germany
piet@jonas.com
Please be  aware that data transfer via the internet is subject to security risks and,  therefore, complete protection against third-party access to transferred data  cannot be ensured.
Cookies
Our website  makes use of so-called cookies in order to recognize repeat use of our website  by the same user/internet connection subscriber. Cookies are small text files  that your internet browser downloads and stores on your computer. They are used  to improve our website and services. In most cases these are so-called "session  cookies" that are deleted once you leave our website.
To an extent, however, these cookies also pass along information used to automatically  recognize you. Recognition occurs through an IP address saved to the cookies. The  information thereby obtained is used to improve our services and to expedite  your access to the website.
You can prevent cookies from being installed by adjusting the settings on your  browser software accordingly. You should be aware, however, that by doing so you  may not be able to make full use of all the functions of our website.
Server Data
For  technical reasons, data such as the following, which your internet browser  transmits to us or to our web space provider (so called server log files), is  collected:

            - type and version of the browser you use
            - operating system
            - websites that linked you to our site (referrer URL)
            - websites that you visit
            - date and time of your visit
            - your Internet Protocol (IP) address.

            This anonymous data is stored separately from any personal information you may  have provided, thereby making it impossible to connect it to any particular  person. The data is used for statistical purposes in order to improve our  website and services.
Use of Google Analytics with anonymization
Our website uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service from Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043 USA, hereinafter referred to as “Google“. Google Analytics employs so-called “cookies“, text files that are stored to your computer in order to facilitate an analysis of your use of the site.
The information generated by these cookies, such as time, place and frequency of your visits to our site, including your IP address, is transmitted to Google’s location in the US and stored there.
We use Google Analytics with an IP anonymization feature on our website. In doing so, Google abbreviates and thereby anonymizes your IP address before transferring it from member states of the European Union or signatory states to the Agreement on the European Economic Area.
Google will use this information to evaluate your usage of our site, to compile reports on website activity for us, and to provide other services related to website- and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties if this is required by law or to the extent this data is processed by third parties on Google´s behalf.
Google states that it will in never associate your IP address with other data held by Google. You can prevent cookies from being installed by adjusting the settings on your browser software accordingly. You should be aware, however, that by doing so you may not be able to make full use of all the functions of our website.
Google also offers a disabling option for the most common browsers, thus providing you with greater control over the data which is collected and processed by Google. If you enable this option, no information regarding your website visit is transmitted to Google Analytics. However, the activation does not prevent the transmission of information to us or to any other web analytics services we may use. For more information about the disabling option provided by Google, and how to enable this option, visit
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en
Use of Google Maps
We use the “Google Maps” component of Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043 USA, hereinafter “Google.”
Google sets a cookie in order to process the user configuration and data when the page with the integrated “Google Maps” component is displayed. As a general rule, this cookie is not deleted by closing the browser, but rather expires after a certain time, as long as it is not previously manually deleted by you.
If you do not agree with this processing of your data, you may choose to deactivate the “Google Maps” service and thereby prevent the transfer of data to Google. To do this, you must deactivate the Java Script function in your browser. However, we would like to point out that in this case you will not be able to use “Google Maps” or at least only to a limited extent.
The use of “Google Maps” and the information obtained through “Google Maps” is according to Google’s Terms of Use
http://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/terms/regional.html
as well as the additional Terms and Conditions for "Google Maps"
https://www.google.com/intl/de_de/help/terms_maps.html
.
Use of Google AdSense
Our website  employs Google AdSense. Google AdSense is a service of Google Inc., 1600  Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043 USA, for incorporating  advertisements. Google-AdSense uses so-called “cookies“, text files, that are  stored to your computer and which provide analysis of the use of our website. Furthermore,  Google AdSense uses so-called “web beacons“. Web beacons allow Google to  analyze information, such as visitor traffic to our website. This information,  along with your IP address and the ad format displayed, is transmitted to Google  in the US where it is stored and may be transferred by Google to contracting  partners. However, Google does not merge your IP-address with other stored data  on you. You can prevent cookies from being installed by adjusting the settings  on your browser software accordingly. You should be aware, however, that by  doing so you may not be able to make full use of all the functions of our  website. By using our website you declare that you agree to the processing of  data collected about you by Google in the manner previously described and for  the purposes there specified.
Information/Cancellation/Deletion
On the basis  of the Federal Data Protection Act, you may contact us at no cost if you have  questions relating to the collection, processing or use of your personal  information, if you wish to request the correction, blocking or deletion of the  same, or if you wish to cancel explicitly granted consent. Please note that you  have the right to have incorrect data corrected or to have personal data  deleted, where such claim is not barred by any legal obligation to retain this  data.
Sample Data Privacy Policy Statement
provided by the
Law Offices of Weiß & Partner