By using this site, you agree with our use of cookies.
Learn More
Ok
Privacy Policy
Introduction
At Fitdigits, we respect your privacy. We want to maintain your confidence in our handling of any data and information that is collected during your use of our applications, web services and your visit to our web site. We have developed and provided this Privacy Policy to inform you of our practices and policies regarding the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of your personal data and information.
We are committed to providing you with adequate information so you can make an informed decision whether to use our applications, web services, visit our web site and whether you wish to voluntarily provide any personal data or information, e.g., your name, e-mail address, etc. Our Privacy Policy is described in the following sections. See also our Terms of Service for app and website usage policies.
Fitdigits is headquartered in Ventura, California and our Platform and Services are provided to you by Fitdigits, Inc. If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (“EEA”), Fitdigits, Inc. is the controller of your personal data for the purposes of EEA data protection law.
This policy was written in English. To the extent a translated version conflicts with the English version, the English version controls. Unless indicated otherwise, this Privacy Policy does not apply to third party products or services or the practices of companies that we do not own or control, including other companies you might interact with on or through the Services.
Questions or comments about this Privacy Policy may be submitted by mail to the address below or via https://my.fitdigits.com.
Fitdigits, Inc.
151 Nob Hill Lane
Ventura, CA 93003
USA
Attn: Legal
support @ fitdigits.com
We do not, and will not, disclose, sell, rent or share any personally identifiable information received as a result of enrollment, registrations or e-commerce transactions on our web site with any third parties, other than our Partners or Service Companies, or as otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy.
If you are younger than 13, please do not use the service or at any time provide any personally identifiable information in connection with any unlawful use of Fitdigits applications or the web site.
Information Fitdigits Collects
Fitdigits collects information about you, including information that directly or indirectly identifies you, if you or your other members choose to share it with Fitdigits. Fitdigits receives information in different ways, including when you track or upload activities using the Fitdigits Platform. Fitdigits also collects information about how you use the apps, website and other services. There are also features that allow you to share information about yourself, your friends, and activities with Fitdigits Platform, which includes Fitdigits apps, website and related services. Examples include:
We collect basic account information such as your name, email address, date of birth, gender, weight, username and password that helps determine heart rate zones and health data, and to secure and provide you with access to our Platform.
Other Profile information is collected about you when you choose to upload a picture, activity data which can include date, time and geo-location information as well as interpreted data such as your speed, pace and perceived exertion, or post, join a group, add a friend or equipment usage, view others’ activities, or otherwise use the Fitdigits platform, including apps, website and related services.
We use your contact information to notify you of any features you've opted into including things like friends activity, goal progress, account changes, and team or group information, and also to respond to your support requests and comments.
We collect location information when you use the Platform. We do not track your device location while you are not using Fitdigits Platform, but our core feature set is tied to collecting and processing geo-location data from your device while the Platform is being used by you. To stop the device location tracking, you may adjust the permissions in your device settings or within the specific apps Sensors section.
Fitdigits gets information from photos, comments, LiveCheers(tm), reviews, favorites and like, and other content you share on the Platform, including when you link 3rd party participating partners, team or group events, or create routes, routines, goals or teams.
Fitdigits collects or infers health information from information you enter directly, inferred through analysis, or from 3rd party partners you authorize to share such information. Health metrics may be received from heart rate monitors, cadence sensors, power meters, accelerometers, or other sources. You must give explicit consent to the processing of that health information by Fitdigits in order to upload this information. You can withdraw your consent for processing your health information to the Platform at any time.
Fitdigits collects information from 3rd party partners, including devices and apps you connect to the Platform. For example, you may connect Fitbit or a Garmin account to Fitdigits and information from these devices and apps will be passed along to Fitdigits, or Fitdigits may share activity and other information to these partners with your authorization. You can withdraw your consent for processing your information from Partners at any time.
Fitdigits Services may include YouTube integration, and therefore incorporates
Google's Privacy Policy
located at
https://policies.google.com/privacy
in addition to Fitdigits Privacy Policy.
If you choose to add your contacts’ information by connecting them from a mobile device or social network account such as Facebook to the Fitdigits Platform, Fitdigits can, depending on your choices, access and store your contacts’ information to identify connections and help you connect with them. This can include LiveTracking, where you and your contacts can see your activity details including but not limited to routes, heart rate, cadence and other data, user comments, LiveCheers(tm), group or team contacts and activities, goals and progress, and contact names and profile photos who may or may not be currently signed up on the Fitdigits Platform. To disconnect from Facebook, send a request to Support through your app in Menu > Support > Send Support Email.
"Cookies" are small data files that are written to and stored on your hard drive when you visit a web site. They do not read files on your hard drive. Like most web sites, we may use cookies to personalize a user's experience of our web site and to make it easier for users to complete forms.
We may use data and information received from cookies for marketing purposes and to improve our on-line offering of services and products. We may also do so to evaluate our site's technical capacity and to review the navigational structure of our site, e.g., to revise or restructure our web site for easier and more intuitive movement throughout.
Currently, the data and information we collect with cookies is only reviewed in an aggregated form, which is not personally identifiable. In the future, however, we may correlate the data and information received from cookies with personally identifiable information, to identify specific users and track their web site usage.
Fitdigits collects information from your browser, computer, or mobile device, which provide us with technical information when you access or use the Platform. This technical information includes device and network information, cookies, log files and analytics information.
We may also review data and information contained in log files located on our Platform, including our web server and support portals, which record the date and time of each visit, IP (internet protocol) address, the referring IP address or domain (the prior web site visited), referring/exit pages, platform type, number of clicks, and the files and views on our Platform (including HTML pages, graphics, etc.). We may use log file information to analyze trends, administer, protect and secure the Platform, track member movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. This information may be linked to session IDs, member IDs and device identifiers.
If you make purchases from our on-line offerings, respond to a request for information or make any other on-line request of us, you will be voluntarily providing personally identifiable information. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, we ask that you please do not provide the requested information. You may nevertheless continue to use our web site, subject, however, to the collection of information through cookies and log files as discussed above. If you have previously provided personally identifiable information by registration through our web site, you may request to be removed from our active database of mailing lists (see below).
Voluntarily provided information is used to send you announcements of new products, updates, and promotional information, as well as to provide the services or goods that you request and give you better customer service. We may share personally identifiable information with our affiliated entities, as well as with our third-party business partners, sales representatives and distributors (collectively, "Partners") who may provide the requested goods or services to you directly or otherwise contact you directly. Moreover, we rely on various third-party service companies ("Service Companies") to provide certain services (e.g., shipping, credit card billing) for which it is necessary to provide users' personally identifiable information.
We may collect information from you through third parties, such as when we collect your feedback through surveys. We may also collect information about you from other members such as when they give you comments, LiveCheers(tm) or comments on your activities.
Please note that although we may seek to require that Partners and Service Companies use information regarding our users only in the ways permitted by this Privacy Policy, we do not control and are not responsible for their privacy practices, or those of any other party.
Through our web pages or apps, you may connect to third parties' platforms, and the connections may or may not be obvious. We are not responsible for the collection, use, maintenance, sharing, or disclosure of data and information by such third parties. We encourage our users to be aware of the varied privacy policies of web sites that they visit.
How Fitdigits Uses Information
Fitdigits uses the information we collect and receive to provide the Platform services, including providing the ability to do the following:
Record your activities and analyze your information and performance, including showing metrics on given activities, individually or in aggregate, comparing your past efforts, analyzing your heart rate, and other analysis to help provide you with performance analysis and engaging content.
Manage your activities. For example, to set goals or use your activities dashboard.
Find new workouts, routes and routines. For example, to discover new workout videos or routes where you can do a variety of activities like running, riding, or gym circuts.
Interact with other members. For example, to participate in teams or groups, follow other members, and use features that help members interact with one another, such as group leaderboards or challenges and group goals.
Visualize your activities. For example, by creating individual or aggregate heart rate or power graphs, personal goal streaks, or your overall activities log.
Fitdigits uses information collected to protect you, enforce our Terms of Service, and promote safety. We check and remove content that violates our terms, including hate speech or spam, and can suspend or terminate accounts that share such content. We also check for system abuses and non-standard activities that could harm the overall user experience of the majority of users on the Platform.
Fitdigits can use data in aggregate or individually to help us promote or develop relevant or new features, events, or views to help engage and improve the Platform.
Fitdigits uses information we collect to provide support in response to your requests and comments. We may also use the information we collect to market and promote the Platform, activities and events on Fitdigits, and other products or services.
Fitdigits may use email and push communications, where you have not opted out of receiving such messages and notifications.
We maintain and review correspondence that you send to us. We may use the personally identifiable information disclosed in the e-mail. Because such correspondence contains information that is not transmitted through the operation of our Platform, it is not subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Fitdigits may share your information with third parties who provide services for supporting, improving, promoting and securing the Platform, processing payments, or analyzing aggregate data. These service providers only have access to the information necessary to perform these limited functions on our behalf and are required to protect and secure your information.
When you join the Fitdigits Platform, your profile and your activities are not viewable by others by default unless explilcitly shared by you.
If you opt-in to Groups or Teams, or create a Member URL in your Profile, subject to your privacy controls, your information, including parts of your profile, member URL, photos, members you follow and who follow you, teams and groups you belong to, your activities, the devices you use, and LiveCheers(tm) and comments you give and receive will be shared on Fitdigits so that you may be able to participate in the Platform services. For example your recent activities and the ability to follow or be followed.
Certain information (e.g., your name, and some profile information) is also available to non-members on the web if you create a member URL in your Profile. Your precise location information, such as where you run or ride, may also be shared on Fitdigits or to non-members, in accordance with your privacy controls. To remove your member information from non-members or members in the Friends area, delete your Member URL in the profile section at https://my.fitdigits.com/member
In addition to disclosures to our Partners and Service Companies, and regardless of anything in this Privacy Policy to the contrary, we may disclose personally identifiable information, with or without prior notice to you, when we believe that the law requires it, in response to subpoenas or at the demand of governmental agencies, to protect our systems or business, to protect other visitors to the web site, or to respond to an emergency. If you engage, or we reasonably suspect you of engaging in any illegal activity, we may also disclose your personally identifiable information, even without a subpoena, warrant or court order. We may also make disclosures of your personally identifiable information with your affirmative consent.
Although we use reasonable efforts to maintain the privacy of your personally identifiable data and information, due to technological limitations, and the risk of unlawful interceptions and accessing of transmissions and/or data, we cannot completely assure you, and you should not expect, that your personally identifiable data and information, and any other electronically communicated information, will be absolutely confidential.
For all e-commerce transactions, we use commercial encryption technology to protect the data and information that you transmit to us via our web site. Although this technology is not flawless, we believe that it provides reasonable protection for your data and information.
We generally seek to require our Partners and Service Companies to exercise reasonable efforts to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
FItdigits may share your information with third parties when we forward Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) notifications, which will be forwarded as submitted to us without any deletions.
Fitdigits take many measures to safeguard the collection, transmission and storage of the data we collect. We employ reasonable protections for your information that are appropriate to its sensitivity. The Platform uses industry standard Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology to allow for encryption of personal information. Fitdigits engages providers that are industry leaders in online security to strengthen the security of our Platform. The Platform is registered with site identification authorities so your browser can confirm Fitdigits’ identity before any personal information is sent. In addition, Fitdigits’ secure servers protect this information using advanced firewall security detection and protection technology.
We may share your information with affiliates under common control with us, who are required to comply with the terms of this Privacy Policy with regard to your information. If Fitdigits becomes involved in a business combination, securities offering, bankruptcy, reorganization, dissolution or other similar transaction, we may share or transfer your information in connection with such transaction.
Managing Your Privacy Settings
Most Fitdigits Platform privacy and share settings are located on the Profile section of the apps and/or website, including the ability to set and change account and profile information. If you need assistance correcting inaccurate information, please contact Fitdigits at https://my.fitdigits.com.
You may remove yourself from our active databases and e-mail lists. Email management links are located within the emails sent to you after sign up and any followup correspondence. Any transactional emails (confirmation of purchases, password reminders, or other transactions) generally do not offer an unsubscribe option as they are necessary to provide the service you request.
To remove yourself from active databases, you can go to the Profile section in your app and tap Delete, or you can send an e-mail to support@fitdigits.com requesting that you be removed from our databases and active e-mail lists. We will endeavor to comply with your request as soon as reasonably possible, at maximum within 90 days. Our back-up files may maintain copies of your personally identifiable information. We reserve the right to contact former customers or users of the Platform from time to time.
Fitdigits may retain information where deletion requests are made to comply with the law and take other actions permitted by law. Content you have shared with others, such as photos or routines, or that others have copied may also remain visible after you have deleted your account or deleted specific information from your own profile. Your public member URL profile may be displayed in search engine results until the search engine refreshes its cache.
Fitdigits also provides you the option to remove individual activities you have posted without deleting your account. Once removed, the activities may remain on Fitdigits’ Platform until you delete your account.
To download your data, visit https://my.fitdigits.com/activities, select All from the date range, then click Export from the bottom left of the view.
Your Rights and Our Legal Bases
Fitdigits provides privacy tools and controls to all of our members worldwide. Particular rights may be available to you if you reside in certain locations, such as the EEA, Brazil or California. If you are habitually located in the EEA, you have the right to access, rectify, download or erase your information, as well as the right to restrict and object to certain processing of your information.
Fitdigits relies on a number of legal bases to collect, use, share, and otherwise process the information about you for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, including:
To provide the Platform services and fulfill our obligations pursuant to the Terms of Service. For example, Fitdigits cannot provide your platform services unless we collect and use your location information;
Where you have consented to the processing of the related information;
Where necessary to comply with a legal obligation, a court order, or to exercise and defend legal claims;
To protect your vital interests, or those of others, such as in the case of emergencies; and
Where necessary for the purposes of Fitdigits’ or a third party’s legitimate interests, such as our interests in protecting our members, our partners’ interests in collaborating with our members, and our commercial interests in ensuring the sustainability of the Services.
The Platform services are operated from the United States. If you are located outside of the United States and choose to use the Platform or provide information to us, you acknowledge and understand that your information will be transferred, processed and stored in the United States, as it is necessary to provide the Platform services and perform the Terms of Service. United States privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction.
We retain information as long as it is necessary to provide the Platform to you and others, subject to any legal obligations to further retain such information. Information associated with your account will generally be kept until it is no longer necessary to provide the Platform or until your account is deleted or inactive for over 30 months. In addition, you can delete some items of information (e.g., profile information) and you can remove individual activities from view without deleting your account.
Additionally, we may retain information to comply with the law, prevent fraud, resolve disputes, troubleshoot issues, assist with investigations, enforce the Terms of Service and take other actions permitted by law. The information we retain will be handled in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Information connected to you that is no longer necessary and relevant to provide our Platform services may be de-identified or aggregated with other non-personal data to provide insights which are commercially valuable to Fitdigits, such as statistics of the use of the Services.
Conclusion
We hope that this Privacy Policy helps you to make an informed decision whether to use our Platform, visit our web site, use our apps and/or to provide us with certain information.
If you have any questions, concerns or problems, we encourage you to email to support@fitdigits.com. We appreciate your suggestions on how we can improve our Privacy Policy or any aspects of our web site.
Due to changing technological and marketing demands, we reserve the right to change our policies regarding the privacy of your personally identifiable information in the future. If that happens, we will endeavor to promptly update this Privacy Policy. Please review it occasionally. Your continued use of the web site following changes to this policy will indicate that you accept the changes. If you object to any of the changes to this Privacy Policy, you should stop using the Platform and delete your account.