Regular Rate & Rhythm
Regular Rate & Rhythm
Gloriously Benign Software
Site Navigation
[Skip]
Apps
ICD10 Consult
MediMath
Med Mnemonics
Optics Clinical Calculator
Perfect OB Wheel
Rowmote Pro
Support
AirPlay Mirroring
Changing the scrolling direction
Controlling Netflix via Rowmote
Gestures on the Rowmote Pro trackpad
Sleeping and Waking A Mac
Rowmote and Keynote
Rowmote and Plex or XBMC
Trackpad & Keyboard
Using Rowmote without a Wireless Network
Apple TV Installation
Reviews & Demos
About
Blog
Support
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to us. The below privacy policy sets out in legal terms our principles:
• We don't ask for personal information unless we truly need it, and if we ask for it, the asking is obvious.
• We don’t share your personal information with anyone except to comply with the law, develop our products, or protect our rights.
• We don’t store personal information on our servers unless required for the on-going operation of one of our services.
The below privacy policy incorporates these goals. It is based on
Automattic's
privacy policy
which they kindly shared under a
Creative Commons Sharealike
license; this policy is licensed under the same..
Regular Rate and Rhythm Software sells multiple apps via mobile app stores including the Apple App Store and the Google Play Store.   These stores have their own privacy policies regarding the actual app transactions, and you should refer to their own policies for details. The below refers to the behavior of our apps and our website.
If you have questions about this policy, please
contact us
.
Personal Information within Apps
Our apps may collect automatic, non-personally-identifying analytics such as the length of time the app is used. No personally identifying information is ever sent to any server (ours or any other) for any purpose unless expressly initiated by you, the user.
Data stored in our apps remains only within the app and is not sent to our server or any other device unless explicitly action is taken by you, the user, to do so.
Ads
Some of our apps are free and display ads to support their development. In those apps, use data such as recent search queries and results may be sent - without any personally identifying information - to advertisers or advertising intermediaries to allow them to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you.  This information is not sent to us nor shared with us. We conform to Apple's guidelines regarding device identifiers; your device identifier is not sent along with this data, though an 'advertising identifier' created by Apple (which can not be traced back to a specific device or user) may be sent.
Apps which do not display ads never send such content information to any server.
Submissions from within Apps
If the app supports submitting user-craeted content (such as user-created mnemonics in Medical Mnemonics), that content is submitted anonymously, without data which could identify the user.  Submitting such data implicitly releases copyright over it to us; it may be be used in future versions of our apps without credit.
User-created content is never sent to any remote server without express action by the user.
Website Visitors
Automatic, non-personally-identifying analytics are used through our website, as is typical.  The website server collects information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request.  This is used to improve website performance and content.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Regular Rate and Rhythm Software may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Regular Rate and Rhythm Software's sole discretion. Regular Rate and Rhythm Software encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site and our apps after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
[Back To Top]