We value your privacy
We and our
partners
store and/or access information on a device, such as cookies and process personal data, such as unique identifiers and standard information sent by a device for personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.  With your permission we and our partners may use precise geolocation data and identification through device scanning. You may click to consent to our and our 878 partners’ processing as described above. Alternatively you may access more detailed information and change your preferences before consenting or to refuse consenting.  Please note that some processing of your personal data may not require your consent, but you have a right to object to such processing. Your preferences will apply to this website only. You can change your preferences or withdraw your consent at any time by returning to this site and clicking the "Privacy" button at the bottom of the webpage.
AD
Privacy policy
Share this page
Last updated: July
19, 2022
1
Introduction
1.1
This Privacy Policy (“
Policy
”) for the WeatherPro mobile application and WeatherPro website (hereinafter
equally referred to as “
Application
”)
is made available by DTN Germany GmbH (referred to as “
DTN
”, “
we
” or “
us
”). DTN Germany GmbH is part of a group of companies working
under the ‘DTN’ label. The processing of Personal Data (as defined below) by
the Application is primarily set out in
DTN’s External Privacy Statement
(“
DTN Policy
”), which is incorporated herein. The Policy in addition sets out how
the processing of Personal Data would differ from the practices as set out in
the DTN Policy (where this applies) and provides additional information where
necessary.
1.2
Certain definitions, words that are written with a capital
letter, that are used in this Policy originate from the DTN Policy. This means
that you are requested to review the DTN Policy to understand their
explanation.
1.3
In case of any conflict between the DTN Policy and the
Policy, the Policy prevails.
1.4
This
Policy is meant to inform
all users of the WeatherPro mobile application and website (“
Users
”). In case of any questions, you may contact us via the details as
provided in the Policy.
2
Personal Data
2.1
We work
with the following
definition of “
Personal Data
”: all information relating
to an identified or identifiable natural person. An identifiable natural person
is the one who can be identified directly or indirectly, in particular by a
reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location
data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical,
psychological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that
natural person.
3
Data controller
3.1
The data controller for the processing of Personal Data
through the Application is: DTN Germany GmbH (“DTN”), Am
Studio 20a in 12489 Berlin, Germany, registered at Amtsgericht Berlin
(Charlottenburg) HRB 155415 B.
4
Data Protection Officer
4.1
DTN
has appointed a contact
person to direct your questions on privacy or the rights you may have to:
DTN
Att. Sylvia van Zijderveld
P.O. Box 24092,
3502 MB Utrecht, The Netherlands
4.2
Or email
privacy@dtn.com
.
Please note that the legal department of DTN also receives a copy of
your message via this email address. We aim to respond within 30 days from the
date we receive privacy-related communications.
4.3
For the companies of DTN that are established
within the European Economic Area, this contact person is formally appointed as
“
Data
Protection Officer
” as set out in the General Data
Protection Regulation (“
GDPR
”).
5
How and What Personal Data and information we process
5.1
We may process, store and use the following categories of
Personal Data
where such is necessary:
5.1.1
User e-mail
(Gmail address – only required
for WeatherPro mobile application);
5.1.2
Service data (email address, user name and inquiries);
5.1.3
Location information of device;
5.1.4
Unique device identifiers for advertising and displaying
ads;
5.1.5
Device internet protocol (IP) address;
5.1.6
Application version;
5.1.7
Device Version;
5.1.8
Device Operating System;
5.1.9
The Personal Data on your use of the Application via analytics
applications (automatically);
5.1.10
All Personal Data you provide to us and for which we have
determined the purposes and the means.
5.2
Should you choose to share further Personal Data via the
use of the Application that is not in line with the practices as set out in the
Policy and DTN Policy, DTN is not responsible for the
processing of such Personal Data in any way.
5.3
Through the Application, DTN does not endeavour to
collect any special categories of Personal Data or any sensitive Personal Data.
5.4
Personal
Data and further information is collected via the following sources
User
Personal Data may be freely provided by the User, or, in
case of data on usage of the Application, collected automatically when using the
Application. In case of an error in the Application, we collect data and
information on your device that may include information such as your device IP
address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the Application
when utilizing it, the time and date of your use of the Application, and other
statistics.
App Store or Play Store
DTN collects any information the
User voluntarily choses to provide via the Application as well as personal
information if the User registers or purchases an account where the User is
required to provide its email address, password and user name to receive the
respective services. The account will be activated via the App Store or Play
Store in compliance with their privacy policies.
5.5
Location
Information
We may use your location information to
provide requested location-specific services, including local weather forecasts
and asset tracking. By default, permission to use your location information
must be granted by the User. If we ask your location, the consent request is
prompted from the browser. Once the permission has been given, it can be
revoked by the User at any time.
We may only collect data regarding your location if you turn on such location
services. The data regarding your location will be anonymised after your
forecast request. This anonymous data will be analysed to optimise our services
as well as for marketing purposes. This does not identify your device or you.
However, we may process your location data together with your personal
information if you have given the appropriate consent.
5.6
Service
data
DTN may collect service data to
operate and improve services, help Users access and use the Application,
respond to User inquiries and send communications related to Application. WeatherPro
service data is processed and stored in or transmitted via
Zendesk Helpdesk
software. DTN retains ownership of and control over User service data
in Zendesk. We encourage you to review Zendesk’s privacy policy, available via:
https://www.zendesk.nl/company/customers-partners/privacy-policy/
5.7
Analytics
We automatically collect Personal Data by
using the analytics tools
Google Analytics
(WeatherPro website) and
Google
Firebase for Analytics
(WeatherPro Application) to analyse trends,
administer and improve our services, and track Users’ movements around the
Application on our behalf. The companies that provide these analytics tools may
collect and use information under their own privacy policies, which we
encourage you to review. For more information about Google Analytics and its
privacy policy, please visit the
Google
Analytics privacy page
and/or the
Google Partners’ Page
. You may opt-out of the
processing by Google Analytics by following the instructions on the
Google
Analytics Web Monitoring Opt-Out page
.
5.8
Push
notifications, advertising and marketing communications (newsletter)
We may request to send you push
notifications and marketing communications regarding your account or the
Application. We use the online advertising service
Google
Ad Manager
(WeatherPro website) as well as
Google AdMob
(WeatherPro Application) and
Publift
to
present you with advertisements targeted to your interests. Additionally, we
use
Google Firebase
for push
notifications (inApp messages and push messages).
The Google privacy policy regarding
advertising is available via:
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/technologies/ads
.
The Publift privacy policy regarding
advertising is available via:
https://www.publift.com/privacy-policy
.
Permission to send notifications and marketing messages must
be granted by the User and can be revoked by the User at any time. If you wish
to opt-out from receiving these types of communications, you may turn them off
in your device’s settings.
5.9
Cookies
and tracking technologies
Cookies are not used within the mobile application
unless your browser is opened as part of the mobile application. In this case,
there may be cookies or similar techniques on the device’s web browser.
Additionally, we may use third-party
software to serve ads on the Application, implement email marketing campaigns
and manage other interactive marketing initiatives. This third-party software
may use cookies or similar techniques to help manage and optimize your online
experience. For more information about opting-out of interest-based ads, please
visit the
Network Advertising Initiative Opt-Out Tool
or
Digital
Advertising Alliance Opt-Out Tool
.
The Application may also contain cookies
or similar techniques, placed by third parties, to collect  information and
improve the services, such as analysing the use of the Application via Google Firebase
for Analytics as described above.
The cookies
set by DoubleClick are used for serving targeted advertisements that are
relevant to you across the web. Targeted advertisements may be displayed to you
based on your previous visits to this website. For example, advertisements
about a topic you have expressed an interest in while browsing our site may be
displayed t you across the web. In addition, these cookies measure the
conversion rate of ads presented to the user. For more information, please
visit
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
. If you
wish to disable DoubleClick cookies on your browser please visit this website.
For further details on cookies used in
the WeatherPro website or on the device’s web browser, please see the table
below. For further information we refer to the
DTN Cookie Statement
.
Cookie name
Description
Storage location
Retention or expiry
First party cookies
Token
This cookie
  provides user access to our forecast API.
Locally
  stored
50
  minutes
cookie_accept
This cookie checks whether the user gave consent to save cookies
  and won’t be deleted from our site, to avoid sending cookie messages on every
  visit of the website.
Locally stored
1 year
i18n_redirected
This
  cookie enables us to present the website to the user with the correct
  language and region.
Locally
  stored
1
  year
Third party cookies
DSID
Cookie
  set by Doubleclick.net
for serving targeted advertisements
US
1
  hour
IDE
Cookie set by Doubleclick.net
for
  serving targeted advertisements
US
1 year
_ga
Cookie
  set by Google Analytics.
Registers a unique ID that is used to
  generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website.
US
2
  years
_gads
Cookie set by Google Analytics..
US
2 years
_gid
Cookie
  set by Google Analytics.
Registers a unique ID that is used to
  generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website.
US
1
  day
_gat
Cookie set by Google Analytics, used to throttle request rate.
  If Google Analytics is deployed via Google Tag Manager, this cookie will be named
_dc_gtm_<property-id>
.
US
1 minute
6
How
We Use Personal Data – purposes of processing
6.1
We process your Personal Data for the following purposes:
6.1.1
Allowing us to provide the Application and connected
services to you, such as by allowing you to retrieve information based on a
location as provided by you, to allow you to store and track information about
you and your business and to manage your inventory, and to allow you to use the
Application and connected services;
6.1.2
Allowing us to authenticate you and enable you to use your
account in the event of a reinstallation or a change of device without having
to register or purchase a new account.
6.1.3
To allow you to set the language, currency and other
preferences in the Application;
6.1.4
To comply with our legal obligations;
6.1.5
To analyse the use of the Application;
6.1.6
To be able to communicate with you and to answer any
questions you might have;
6.1.7
To deliver connected services to you;
6.1.8
Allowing us to enable trouble shooting including
diagnostics logging and debugging, user database management and infrastructure
monitoring;
6.1.9
To allow us to improve the performance of the Application
and connected services;
6.1.10
Allowing us to notify you of updates to the Application and
offer new products, services, mobile applications, and/or recommendations to
you.
6.1.11
Allowing us to
serve targeted
advertisements that are relevant to you across the web.
6.2
We will only use Personal Data for the purposes which we
collected it for. It may however be possible that we reasonably consider that
we need to use it for another purpose, which is compatible with the initial
purpose. If we need to use your Personal Data for an unrelated purpose, we will
notify you.
6.3
Your Personal Data is not sold to any third party or shared
with third parties without your permission, other than for the limited
exceptions and purposes in this Policy and the DTN Policy or as otherwise
permitted by applicable law.
7
Legal grounds
7.1
We may rely on the following legal grounds when we process
your Personal Data:
7.1.1
To perform the contract as we have entered into with you,
concerning the safe and reliable access to and use of the Application (art.
6(1)(b) GDPR);
7.1.2
To comply with a legal obligation to which DTN is
subject (art. 6(1)(c) GDPR);
7.1.3
For the purposes of legitimate interests as pursued by DTN
(art. 6(1)(f) GDPR). These legitimate interests include: to analyse the use of
the Application, to be able to communicate with you, to deliver our connected
services, to enable trouble shooting including diagnostics logging and
debugging,
user database management, infrastructure monitoring, to
respond to customer service requests, allowing us to send notifications,
targeted advertisements and our newsletter,
and
allowing us to improve the performance of the Application and connected
services.
8
Recipients of Personal Data
8.1
In addition to DTN, in some cases, the Personal
Data may be accessible by external parties (such as third-party technical
service providers, mail carriers, hosting providers, IT companies,
communications agencies) appointed, if necessary, as data processors (as
stipulated in the GDPR) by DTN. Categories of third-party service providers
receiving Personal Data and the updated list of these parties are available in the
DTN Policy
.
8.2
With your consent, and with an opportunity for you to
withdraw consent, we may share your information with third parties for
marketing purposes, as permitted by law.
9
Transfer of Personal Data
9.1
Personal Data that is generated through the use of the
Application may be stored on locations other than where it was initially
collected. When transferred, we will ensure the DTN Policy and applicable laws
and legislations, such as the GDPR, are complied with. Where applicable, you
may obtain a copy of the applicable safeguards. Please consult the DTN Policy
for more information.
10
Retention
10.1
DTN will retain your Personal Data for as long as
necessary for the purposes we collect it for. The retention time depends on the
type of Personal Data as processed:
10.1.1
Session
data:
Personal Data that is collected only to be used during one
session of using the Application, this Personal Data may only be available
during the session;
10.1.2
Account
data:
stored during the period of time in which Users have an
account with us with a maximum of 2 years after the last activity or stored in
aggregated format for a maximum of 26 months.
10.2
For further specific retention times, please consult the
DTN Policy.
11
Security Measures
11.1
DTN takes appropriate security measures to prevent
unauthorized access, disclosure, modification, or unauthorized destruction of
the Personal Data. Please consult the DTN Policy for more information.
12
Your Obligations and Rights
12.1
Under circumstances, you have the right of access,
rectification, erasure, restriction of and objection to processing of Personal Data,
the right to data portability, the right to withdraw any consent at any time
without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before such
withdrawal and the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
12.2
To invoke your rights please be referred to section 17 of
the
DTN Policy
. You may
contact us by using the information provided in this Policy or the DTN Policy.
12.3
Unless specified otherwise, Personal Data requested when
using the Application is voluntary, which means that it is not a statutory or
contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract.
Users are free not to provide such Personal Data without consequences to the
availability or the functioning of the Application or connected services. Where
the provision of Personal Data is mandatory, such requirement is stated. In
that case, failure to provide such Personal Data may make it impossible for the
Application to work properly or for us the provide any connected services to
you.
12.4
DTN does not conduct any automated decision making
through or for the Application, including profiling.
13
Policy Changes & Updating Information
13.1
DTN reserves the right to modify this Policy
whenever the need arises. Updates to this Policy will be posted to the Application
in a timely manner. When such updates are made, the “last updated” date at the
top of this Policy will be modified. This policy is not a contractual agreement
and does not provide you with any legal right. Unless otherwise specified, the Application,
its content, and its domain name and URLs are the sole property of DTN.
14
Questions
14.1
Should you have any questions, you may contact us via the
following details:
DTN Germany GmbH
ATTN: Privacy/Marketing
Am Studio 20a
12489 Berlin, Germany
Email:
privacy@dtn.com
14.2
DTN will investigate and attempt to resolve complaints and
disputes regarding use and disclosure of Personal Data by reference to the
principles contained in this Policy.
Share this page