Privacy Policy & Terms of Use
Last updated: June 21, 2021
The smartphone app Cures A-Z (the "app") is owned by Jacob Teitelbaum, M.D. and his company From Fatigued to Fantastic, LLC ("FFTF" or "we"). It was developed by FFTF and  the company Plum Amazing Software.
Privacy Policy
INTRODUCTION
Cures A-Z and Cures A-Z+ is committed to safeguarding your privacy. We believe that the best way to protect the privacy of users of  this app is to tell you what information we gather and ensure that you understand and consent to our uses of such information. We may occasionally modify the Privacy Policy and will include those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. You should check the policy frequently to read the changes.
INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE
When you use this app, we do not ask for personal information, nor do we collect  personally                     identifiable information, other than as associated with you voluntarily choosing to subscribe to Dr. Teitelbaum’s email newsletter, "Vitality101." If   you choose to subscribe to our newsletter, which is an option available within the app, we will ask for your name and email address in order to add your email address to our newsletter subscriber database. If you subscribe, we will continue to keep your name and email address in our subscriber list database until such time that you unsubscibe. You may unsubscribe  and have your name and email address removed from our subscriber list by simply clicking the "Unsubscribe"  link available at the bottom of each newsletter email. We do not use your name and email address for anything other than sending you this newsletter.
We will never sell, share, or rent your personal information with anyone.  We may  use your personal information to track activity in the app. We do this in order to serve you better as we understand how you and other people use this app.
We will not disclose to third parties information about your individual use of this app, information that identifies you, or any information that you supplied to the app, unless we have obtained your prior consent or unless required by law, local regulators, and/or law enforcement officers. However, in order to provide an efficient service, certain functions, such as hosting, storage, and disaster recovery, are or may be provided by third parties. In such instances, we will enter into a written agreement with the party providing the service to us that reflects our commitments under this Privacy Policy.
LINKS TO  WEBSITES
This app contains links to  websites that we own and manage. These are EndFatigue.com and Virality101.com. It also may contain links to other third-party websites. If you click                     on a  link, you will be directed to that site.
Links to Our Websites
When you visit our website by clicking a link to a page within the app, our servers may automatically log the standard data provided by your device web browser. This data is considered "non-identifying information", as it does not personally identify you on its own. It may include your computer’s Internet Protocol (IP) address, your browser type and version, the pages you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on each page, and other details.
We may also collect data about the device you are using to access our website. This data may include the device type, operating system, unique device identifiers, device settings, and geo-location data. What we collect can depend on the individual settings of your device and software. We recommend checking the policies of your device manufacturer or software provider to learn what information they make available to us.
Links to Third-Party Websites
We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of third-party websites you might access through the app, and the information practices of those websites are not covered by this Privacy Policy. We  advise you to                     review the Privacy Policy   of these websites, as we  have no control over and assume   no                     responsibility for the content, privacy   policies, or                     practices of any third-party sites or   services.
SECURITY
We take security of your data seriously, and we make  our best efforts to ensure  security on any interaction you may have by clicking any web page links available within this app. Unfortunately, no data transmission can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to our websites and you do so at your own risk. You remain responsible for the security of your computer at all times.
YOUR CONSENT
By using Cures A-Z and Cures A-Z+, you acknowledge agreement that you accept any risk of potential adverse side effects that may arise from following the recommendations it makes to you, and that you release from liability any persons or entities affiliated with Cures A-Z and Cures A-Z+, including but not limited to From Fatigued to Fantastic, LLC, Dr. Jacob Teitelbaum, and Plum Amazing LLC.
Terms and Conditions of Use
By using this app, you agree to the terms and conditions of use also described in this Privacy Policy.   Do not use this app if you do not agree to these. FFTF may revise and update this Privacy Policy and the terms and conditions it contains at any time, and by using this app you agree to any such revisions.
THIS APP DOES NOT PROVIDE MEDICAL ADVICE
The information provided by Cures A-Z and Cures A-Z+ is intended for your general knowledge and educational purposes only and is not intended to be a substitute for professional medical advice or treatment. The information provided by Cures A-Z and Cures A-Z+ is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease.  Always seek the advice of your physician or other qualified health care provider with any questions you may have regarding your health or a medical condition, or to discuss treatment options, including the use of prescription medications. Never disregard or delay seeking medical advice because of something you have read in this app.  Information provided in this app, and your use of this app, does not create a doctor-patient relationship. The information provided in this app is not intended to be a substitute for any information contained on the label or in the labeling of products recommended.  You should carefully review all product packaging, including instructions for use and precautionary statements, prior to using any product that you have purchased through this app or any  FFTF website.   Information in this app and statements regarding dietary supplements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration and are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease.
INFORMATION ABOUT THIS APP AND YOUR RESPONSIBILITIES IN USING IT
You should always consult with your physician or qualified health care provider prior to beginning any new nutritional, dietary supplement, exercise, or other regimen, or following any recommendations made in this app.  Cures A-Z and Cures A-Z+ is not recommended for women who are pregnant or breast-feeding. Consult your physician before becoming pregnant if you are taking any dietary supplement or medication. Although we have worked very hard to ensure that the content provided in Cures A-Z and Cures A-Z+ will benefit you by providing useful  information, as well as dietary and other recommendations, we do not guarantee any results or health benefits, nor can we guarantee that you will not experience an adverse reaction to any product or other recommendation made in this app. Do not follow any Cures A-Z or Cures A-Z+ recommendation for a product to which you have a known allergy. If you experience an adverse reaction from taking any product or following any recommendation, discontinue use of the product or stop following the recommendation. If the side effect is acute or worrisome, call a physician immediately.  If you have a medical emergency, call 911.
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
Your use of this app is at your sole risk. You understand and expressly agree that Cures A-Z and Cures A-Z+ and all information, content, materials and products included on or offered through this app or any FFTF website are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. To the fullest extent permitted by law, FFTF, its affiliates and their officers, directors, employees and other representatives (collectively "FFTF parties") expressly disclaim all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including without limitation the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement. no information or recommendation provided by Cures A-Z and Cures A-Z+ or obtained by you from FFTF parties shall create any express or implied warranty.
You further understand and expressly agree that FFTF parties shall not be liable to you or any third party for any damages of any kind arising out of or relating to your use of this app, including, without limitation: (1) your inability to use this app; (2) the accuracy or inaccuracy of information in this app; (3) the results you obtain from using this app or your expectations about results that might be obtained; (4) any product recommendations or other recommendations made by Cures A-Z and Cures A-Z+ or FFTF parties, including any adverse events associated with the use of such products, or associated with any recommendations you have followed; (5) any defects in products purchased through this app or any FFTF website; (6) any unauthorized access to, or disclosure of your personal information; (7) statements or conduct of any third party on the site; (8) any damage to your computer system or loss of data that results from the use or download of any material in this app or FFTF website.
This is a comprehensive limitation of liability that applies to all damages of any kind, including direct, indirect, special, incidental, punitive or consequential damages. The limitations of liability are fundamental elements of the basis of the bargain between you and FFTF parties. FFTF parties would not offer this app and use of Cures A-Z and Cures A-Z+ without such limitations of liability. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the sole and entire maximum liability of FFTF parties and your sole and exclusive remedy for any claim, shall be limited to the amount paid by you for any product you may have purchased at an FFTF website, having learned about it through this app. Products purchased through this or any FFTF site are subject only to the applicable warranties, if any, of their respective manufacturers or distributors.
Some states do not allow limitations on implied warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of damages. Accordingly, some of the above disclaimers and limitations may not apply to you and you might have additional rights.
NOTICE TO MINORS
This app is intended for use by adults only.  If you are under age 13, do not use this app.  If you would like to contact us, please ask your parent or legal guardian to contact us on your behalf.
FURTHER INFORMATION
Contact u
s using the form on our home page if you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy & Terms of Use.