Privacy Policy
General information
Last updated: 20 December 2023
Here we inform you about data processing in connection with the entire service XING and its applications (XING, kununu, onlyfy, etc.).
New Work SE is the body responsible for the processing of personal data.
Our Data Protection Officer is Christian Schmidt.
Find out more
How is your personal data processed?
1. General statement about the purposes of data processing
The main reason we process
personal data
is to fulfil our contractual obligations towards our users. The processing of data is required, for example, for us to be able to suggest suitable contacts, services and information to you.
Find out more
2. Information you provide to us
This refers to data we obtain from you directly and information you publish and send on
XING Websites
such as:
Login details (e.g. username and password)
Profile information (e.g. job title, company name, industry, educational background, contact options, photo)
Messages, posts, billing details
Find out more
3. Information automatically collected through your use of XING
Data about you is automatically collated by means of tracking while you visit or make use of the
XING
service. Here you can find out:
How tracking works
Why tracking is used (ensuring security, provision of our service, measurement and optimisation of advertising, and determination of statistics).
You won't be tracked in the XING mobile app when browsing content from the xing.com website.
Find out more
4. Information we obtain about you from other sources
Some information about you that we process does not come directly from you. This might be the case, for example, if a user shares this information with us or we obtain it from other sources.
Find out more
5. Who may receive information about you?
You can find out here who we disclose data to, what purpose this serves, and how you can customise your privacy settings on
XING
. By the way, we only ever pass your
personal data
on to third parties when:
This is required for us to fulfil our business purposes, e.g. when we make your profile accessible to another user
You have granted your consent (e.g. for use of an external application)
We are obliged to do so on legal grounds, by court order, or at the request of another official authority.
Find out more
What rights can you exercise?
You can find detailed information here about your various rights:
Your right to object
Your right of access
Your right to erasure
Other rights
Find out more
Terms used in our Privacy Policy
Find out more
Privacy on XING in more detail.
Our Privacy Policy is designed to help you quickly locate the information most relevant to you. If you'd prefer to read the conventional long version, please click
here
.