Privacy Policy for Retrocam mobile app
Last updated: 9 April , 2020
This privacy policy governs your use of the software application Retrocam for iOS mobile devices. Retrocam understands how important the privacy of Personal Information is to our users. We understand that your privacy matters and we respect your privacy choices. This Privacy Policy sets out the basis on which any personal information we collect from you, or that you provide to us, in connection with the Services will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our practices regarding your personal information and how we will collect, use and disclose your personal information.
User Provided Information
The Application obtains the information you provide when you download and register the Application. When you register with us and use the Application, you generally provide (a) your name, email address, age, user name, password and other registration information; (b) transaction-related information, such as when you make purchases, respond to any offers, or download or use applications from us; (c) information you provide us when you contact us for help; (d) credit card information for purchase and use of the Application, and; (e) information you enter into our system when using the Application, such as contact information and project management information. We may also use the information you provided us to contact your from time to time to provide you with important information, required notices and marketing promotions.
Automatically Collected Information
In addition, the Application may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile devices unique device ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browsers you use, and information about the way you use the Application.
With Whom Do We Share Your Information?
Retrocam will not disclose any Personal Information about you unless you specifically agreed to by you or: To comply with legal requirements, such as a law, regulation, search warrant, subpoena or court order; In special cases, such as in response to a physical threat to you or others; In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal information to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets. If Retrocam or substantially all of our assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal information held by us about our customers will be one of the transferred assets. Retrocam does not make your Personal Information available to third parties for their marketing purposes without your consent.
Your Rights
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal information for marketing purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by following the opt-out instruction in the marketing material you receive or by contacting us at any time by email at support@retrocamapp.com The Services may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these websites or their policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal information to these websites.
Data Retention Policy, Managing Your Information
We will retain User Provided data for as long as you use the Application and for a reasonable time thereafter. We will retain Automatically Collected information for up to 24 months and thereafter may store it in aggregate. If you’d like us to delete User Provided Data that you have provided via the Application, please contact us at support@retrocamapp.com and we will respond in a reasonable time. Please note that some or all of the User Provided Data may be required in order for the Application to function properly.
Children
We do not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should contact us at support@retrocamapp.com. We will delete such information from our files within a reasonable time.
Security
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our Application. Please be aware that, although we endeavor provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
Face Data
We are not using face data.
We are not collecting face data.
We are not storing or sharing face data in any way.
Changes
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy here and informing you via email or text message. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes.
Your Consent
By using the Application, you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us.
Contact us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at support@retrocamapp.com