Privacy Policy
About Privacy
This privacy policy describes how SVT Software uses and protects information that you provide to SVT Software when you use our mobile apps or website. SVT Software reserves the right at any time, without further notice, to change and modify this privacy policy. You should check this page from time to time for changes that affect the use of our apps and website.
Collection and Use of Personal Information
SVT Software uses Apple Inc.’s billing software to process purchases of our apps through the iTunes Store. As a result, you may be asked to provide personal information to Apple Inc., such as your name, email address or zip code (for billing purposes).
If you choose to use our app’s iCloud sync service, then the app’s database file and change logs will be transmitted to your Apple’s iCloud account (created by you) for the purpose syncing your data.
If you chose to use the app’s backup service via Dropbox, then the app’s database will be uploaded to your Dropbox account (created by you) to backup your data.
You may also choose to backup your data via email, which will send a copy of the app’s database to your email account (created by you).
Commitment to Privacy
At SVT Software, we strongly believe in the privacy of your data. Your data belongs to you and so we do not sell your personal information to advertisers or other organizations. We will not disclose any of your information unless required by law to do so.
Security
If you choose to use the app's iCloud sync or backup features, your data will be transmitted over the internet to the service providers for these services. Since no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is fully secure, therefore we cannot guarantee complete security.
Cookies
We use cookies to identify which of our web pages are being visited so that web traffic data can be analyzed to improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies; however, you may still opt to set your web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent if you so choose.
Links to other websites and services
Our website and apps may contain links to enable you to visit other websites of interest or use services from those websites if you choose to do so. We do not have any control over these websites and services and are not responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide on those websites and services. You should become familiar with the privacy statement applicable to each website and services that you use and visit.﻿
Last Updated
This Privacy Policy was last updated on December 1, 2018.﻿