Privacy Policy
Overview
This Privacy Policy describes the information collected by PalaSoftware, Inc. through our mobile applications and website and how we use that information.
Personal Information.
When you download and use our applications, we do not require you to provide any information.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act
Our applications and website comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”). We don’t knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13, and if in the event that a user identifies himself or herself as a child under the age of 13 through a support request or through any feedback, we will not collect, store or use, and will delete any information that has been provided.
Requesting Support
If you submit a support request, we will receive your email address and other information about your device and application related to your support request. We will use this information for support only. Except for the following circumstances:
(i) We will share your email address with our newsletter provider to deliver our newsletter to you.
(ii) We may share your support information with our support providers, but only for the purpose of providing support to you.
(iii) We may share your email address and support information to enforce compliance with our mobile application license agreements and user agreements, to respond to legal requirements, when legally required to do so, and at the request of governmental authorities.
(iv) We may share your email address and support information with a successor entity or in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, sale of assets or other corporate reorganization, provided that use of your email address is otherwise in compliance with this Privacy Policy.
We will not rent, sell or share your email address without your express consent.
Links to Third Party Sites
We may provide links and/or connections to third-party sites or services. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of these third-party sites.
Cookies
When you visit our website, we may send cookies to your computer that uniquely identify your browser. Most browsers allow you to disable cookies or set your browser to alert you when cookies are being sent to your computer.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. Use of information we collect is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is collected. If we make changes in the way we use your Information, we will post a notification on our website. Such modifications will become effective on the date set forth in the notification.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, please send us an email at
support@palasoftware.com
.
Updated 4-27-2015
Contact
Copyright © 2008-2018 palasoftware Inc. All rights reserved.