APPS
CONTACT
ABOUT
PRESS
PRIVACY
Apps From Outer Space, LLC Privacy Policy
Effective Date: December 17, 2018
ARTICLE I.  Introduction.
Apps From Outer Space, LLC ("AFOS", "We") develops and publishes game and utility applications for the iOS and Mac platforms.  This Privacy Policy ("the Policy"), governs your use of websites, computer software, and mobile software ("our products") By using our products, you agree to this Privacy Policy.  If you do not agree to this Policy, please do not use any of our applications or websites.
AFOS respects the privacy of its customers and users, and has developed this policy to explain how we store and use any personal or non-personal information from our online and/or mobile sites and applications.
ARTICLE II.  Information We Collect.
A.	Personal Identifying Information.
Personal identifying information is information that can be used to identify, contact, or locate a unique individual.  At this time, information collected may include:
Your Name, only if you choose to submit it for a leader board
Your Email Address, only if you asked for assistance or submitted feedback directly to us.
Gameplay Footage. A photograph and/or video during Augmented Reality gameplay.
B.	Non-Personal Identifying Information.
Non-personal identifying information is information that cannot be used to identify, contact, or locate a unique individual.  If you use any of our products, we may collect:
Mobile device identifiers, such as your mobile device ID
IP address
Your Computer or Mobile Operating System
Your Browser
We use your location information to Provide requested (user permission required) location services (at this time, specifically, only to provide the user with their current location’s ZIP code, which is not information we collect)
ARTICLE III.  Information We Use Without Collecting.
A.	Personal Identifying Information.
Personal identifying information is information that can be used to identify, contact, or locate a unique individual.  At this time, information used by our apps without collection may include:
Your Face Data, only if you choose to use the camera for Augmented Reality games.
Photo Library. Some of our applications allow you to select photographs from your library to modify with stickers. The resulting arrangements of stickers and the underlying photograph are used for this feature and only stored by you if you choose to share and/or save the result.
Camera photographs. Some of our applications allow you to take a photo and modify the photo with stickers. The resulting arrangements of stickers and the underlying photograph are used for this feature and only stored by you if you choose to share and/or save the result.
B.	Non-Personal Identifying Information.
Non-personal identifying information is information that cannot be used to identify, contact, or locate a unique individual.  If you use any of our products, we may use:
Customized sticker names. Custom stickers you enter in GrammarSnob will be saved to your device and your iCloud account only to provide you with custom stickers. These are not collected by AFOS.
Sticker photo arrangements. Some of our applications allow you to modify photographs with stickers. The resulting arrangements of stickers and the underlying photograph are used at runtime to provide you with this feature only.
ARTICLE IV.  How We Collect Information.
A.	Automated.
When you play or use one of our products, we collect certain technical information in order to (i) provide better service and (ii) manage advertising.  This includes, but is not limited to, your geo-location (after permission is provided) and your device ID.
B.	User Submitted.
When you play or use one of our products, you may be able to participate in certain activities our apps provide.  In certain games, we may create and assign to your device an identifier similar to an account number.  At this time, these activities include:
Participating in online leaderboards, which includes publishing a name of your choosing.  Note that this name may be visible by other users of that application.
ARTICLE V.  How We Use Information We Collect.
Any information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To provide in-game leaderboards
To deliver advertising
For communication purposes.  If you submit an email to AFOS, we will use your email address to respond to your inquiries.
For sharing or saving.  Gameplay photographs and videos are collected temporarily and presented to you for your choice of whether you wish to customize them with stickers, share or save them. The application will discard any photographs and/or video from gameplay immediately afterwards.
ARTICLE V.  How We Use Information We Do Not Collect.
Any information we use without collecting from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To provide app features, such as player motion in response to facial expressions or movement, as seen in ARmeleon.
We neither collect, store, nor share the information listed in Article III above.
ARTICLE VII.  Sharing Your Information.
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information.  We release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our policies, or protect others or ours rights, property, or safety.
We do not share any personal identifying information with third party advertisers.  However, non-personally identifiable information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.  We may share certain technical information such as a mobile device ID to allow advertisers to deliver advertising.  Advertisers may collect this information through the use of their own tracking technologies.
In the event that AFOS has a transfer of ownership, such as a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we may transfer all information collected to the successor organization.  If any material change to our privacy policy were to occur as a result, we will notify you in a manner as outlined in the Article entitled "Changes to our Privacy Policy."
ARTICLE VIII.  Managing Your Information.
If you wish to remove any user-submitted names from any online leader board managed by AFOS, you can submit an email to help@appfromsouterspace.com.
ARTICLE IX.  Privacy Policies of Advertisers.
Advertising companies may use and collect anonymous data to customize content and advertising on our website or applications.  That content or advertising may link to their websites or applications.  We are not responsible for the privacy practices of those websites or applications.  If you have any questions about how our advertisers use this information, you should contact them directly.  At this time, our ad companies include:
Google AdMob - https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/
ARTICLE X.  Changes to our Privacy Policy.
If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes on this page, our website homepage, and/or update the Privacy modification date below.  We may also place notices within our applications.  We reserve the right to modify this Policy at any time.  Your continued use of our website or applications will signify your acceptance of the changes to our Policy.
This policy was last modified on December 17, 2018.
ARTICLE XI.  California Privacy Rights.
We do not share, disseminate, or otherwise distribute your personal information with third/outside parties without your consent.  Any such information would only be shared if you affirmatively agree, or "opt-in" to any such sharing in conjunction with the usage of any our apps.  Under California law, California residents may choose to opt-out of any disclosure of personal information that AFOS makes to third parties.  At this time, AFOS does not disclose personal information to third parties.  If, in the future, AFOS were to disclose personal information, such a change would be reflected in this Policy and you could opt-out by emailing help@appfromsouterspace.com.
ARTICLE XII.  Children’s Privacy Rights.
In general, our websites and games are not intended for children under the age of 13 and we do not knowingly collect any personal identifying information from anyone under 13 years of age.  In the event that we learn that we have inadvertently gathered personal information from children under the age of 13, we will promptly erase such information from our records.  At this time, AFOS maintains two (2) applications that are intended for children under the age of 13, namely Puppet Stage and Pond Fishing.  Neither application collects any information of any sort whatsoever.
ARTICLE XIII.  Contact Information.
If you have any questions, comments, or concerns regarding our Privacy Policy, please send an email to help@appfromsouterspace.com.
Apps From Outer Space, LLC
17921 Homestead Bluffs Drive
Wildwood, MO 63005
Home
|
Apps
|
Contact
|
About
|
Press
|
Privacy
Copyright © 2013 Apps from Outer Space, LLC. All Rights Reserved