Privacy Policy
This policy applies to all information collected or submitted on Speedbox’s website and our apps for iPhone and any other devices and platforms.
Information we collect
Speebox collects anonymous usage data once upon startup. This data does not contain any personal information like names, phone numbers or any account information.
Technical basics
Our server software stores basic technical information, such as your IP address.
Ads and analytics
Speedbox’s app collects aggregate, anonymous statistics, such as the percentage of users who use particular features, to improve the app.
Speedbox shares basic, anonymous information like device type or location with out advertising partners in the ad supported version of the app.
Information usage
We use the information we collect to operate and improve our website, apps, and customer support.
We may disclose your information in response to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal requirements; to exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims; to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud or abuse, violations of our policies; or to protect our rights and property.
In the future, we may sell to, buy, merge with, or partner with other businesses. In such transactions, user information may be among the transferred assets.
Security
We implement a variety of security measures to help keep your information secure. For instance, all communication with the app and website requires HTTPS.
Information for European Union Customers
By opting in and providing your information, you authorize us to collect, use, and store your information outside of the European Union.
International Transfers of Information
Information may be processed, stored, and used outside of the country in which you are located. Data privacy laws vary across jurisdictions, and different laws may be applicable to your data depending on where it is processed, stored, or used.
Your Consent
By using our site or apps, you consent to our privacy policy.
Contacting Us
If you have questions regarding this privacy policy, you may email nospam@hans-schneider.de.
Changes to this policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Impressum
Hans Schneier
Riedener Str. 8
81475 München
Germany
nospam@hans-schneider.de