Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
TERMS & CONDITIONS
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS & CONDITIONS CAREFULLY. BY USING ALL OR ANY PORTION OF THE WEBSITE OR APPS YOU ACCEPT ALL OF THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, YOU MUST NOT USE THIS WEBSITE OR OUR APPS.
Welcome to our website. If you continue to browse and use this website or our applications ("the apps") you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern When's That's relationship with you in relation to this website and the apps.
The terms "us" or "we" refer to the owner of the website and apps. The term "you" refers to the user or viewer of our website or apps.
Your use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:
- The contents of the pages of this website are for your general information and use only. Content is subject to change without notice.
- Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website or the app for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
- Your use of any information or materials on this website or app is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website or the app meet your specific requirements.
- This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.
- All trademarks reproduced in this website, which are not the property of, or licensed to the operator, are acknowledged on the website.
- Unauthorised use of this website may give to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.
- From time to time this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
- You may not create 'deep' links to this website from another website or document without our prior written consent. Linking to the home page is perfectly acceptable and does not require written consent. In fact, it's encouraged!
- Your use of this website and the apps, and any dispute arising out of such use of the website or apps, is subject to the laws of England and Wales.
If you have any questions regarding these terms & conditions or if you wish to request any information from us, please use the "Contact Us" link.
Modification of these terms & conditions
We reserve the right to change these terms and conditions from time to time without prior consultation.
DISCLAIMER
The information contained in this website is for general information purposes only. Whilst we endeavour to keep the information up-to-date and correct, we make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability or availability with respect to the website or the information, products, services, or related graphics contained on the website for any purpose.
In no event will we be liable for any loss or damage including without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage, or any loss or damage whatsoever arising from loss of data or profits arising out of or in connection with the use of this website or the app.
We are in no way affiliated with Apple, Inc., and by using this website or app, you agree to indemnify Apple, Inc. and its subsidiaries from any and all claims.
We have no control over the nature, content and availability of sites linked to via this website or the app. The inclusion of any links does not necessarily imply a recommendation or endorse the views expressed within them.
Every effort is made to keep the website and app and running smoothly. However, When's That takes no responsibility for and will not be liable for the website or app being temporarily unavailable due to technical issues beyond our control.
PRIVACY POLICY
This privacy policy sets out how our applications use and protect any information that you give when you use this website or application.
We are committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website or app, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
We may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 1st May 2008.
What we collect
- The app does not require any of your personal information, and anything you enter into the app is not sent outside of the app. We do not collect your personal information.
- We may collect cookies (see below).
- If you contact us through this website, we will ask for your name and email address so that we can respond to your queries. That's it.
What we do with the information we gather
- We will not use your information to contact you for market research purposes.
- We will only use your email address to respond to any queries made to us via this website.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to enable you to visit other websites of interest easily. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission, or are required by law.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please use the "Contact Us" link, but please note that the only information we ever get from you is via an email query made to use via this website. We do not store any other information about you.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please contact us as soon as possible. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Errors & Omissions Excepted (E&OE).