Jump to:
Terms of Service
|
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
This site and the mobile applications and services available in connection with this site and mobile application (the "App") are made available to you by Vegas Media Group. ("Vegas Media Group", "We") subject to these Terms of Service, including those set forth in the Privacy Policy (the “Terms”). By accessing, using or downloading any materials from the App, you agree to follow and be bound by the Terms, which may be updated by us from time to time without notice to you. You can review the most current version of the Terms at any time at Terms of Use. We and our third party providers may make improvements and/or changes in the products, services, mobile applications, features, programs, and prices described in this App at any time without notice. Certain provisions of the Terms may be supplemented or superseded by expressly designated legal notices or terms located on particular pages at this App. The App is not intended for and is not designed to attract children under 13 years of age. If you do not agree with the Terms, please do not use this App. BY CONTINUING TO USE THE APP, YOU ARE INDICATING YOUR AGREEMENT TO THE TERMS AND ALL REVISIONS THEREOF.
We reserve the right at any time and from time to time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the App or any portion thereof with or without notice. You agree that we shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of the App or any portion thereof.
Payments
If you choose to buy a subscription, you must designate and provide information about your preferred payment method (e.g., credit card, online payment service, in-app purchase using your iTunes account, or any other payment method made available by us) (“Payment Method”). You will immediately be charged for these fees after you tap to buy a subscription. You agree to pay all fees incurred in connection with your username and password for your subscription account.
Fees and Renewals
You may elect buy a content subscription ("Content Subscription") and pay membership fees on a recurring basis. All membership fees are payable in advance. Membership fees will be billed automatically to the Payment Method at the start of the chosen period, as applicable, and will auto-renew until your membership is terminated. The renewal membership fees will be the same as the initial charges unless you are otherwise notified in advance. You authorize us to charge your Payment Method for the appropriate membership charges and fees and for any other purchases you elect to make via the App. We reserve the right to increase membership fees or to institute new fees at any time upon reasonable notice posted in advance on this App. If you upgrade your membership or add new categories of service to your account, such changes may result in a new billing date effective upon the date you elect such upgrade or addition. ALL PURCHASES ARE FINAL AND NO REFUND WILL BE GIVEN FOR UNUSED PORTIONS OF YOUR INITIAL OR ANY MEMBERSHIP PERIOD.
Cancellation
You may cancel your Content Subscription by visiting the subscription management options within iOS. The cancellation of a membership will go into effect at the end of your current billing cycle, and you will have the same level of access to the App through the remainder of such billing cycle. When your Content Subscription ends, your account will enter free mode. No refunds or credits will be provided by us upon cancellation. You can renew your Content Subscription at anytime without opening a new account, provided that additional fees may apply if you decide to upgrade to a Content Subscription at a later date.
User Conduct
You are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the password associated with your account and for restricting access to your password and to your computer while logged into the App. You accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or from your computer. We endeavor to use reasonable security measures to protect against unauthorized access to your account. We cannot, however, guarantee absolute security of your account, your Content or the personal information you provide, and we cannot promise that our security measures will prevent third-party “hackers” from illegally accessing the App or its contents. You agree to immediately notify us of any unauthorized use or your account or password, or any other breach of security, and to accept all risks of unauthorized access to the User Data and any other information you provide to us.
You understand that all information, data, text, software, sound, photographs, graphics, video, messages, tags, or other materials (“Content”), whether publicly posted or privately transmitted, available in connection with the App are the sole responsibility of the person from whom such Content originated. This means that you, and not us, are entirely responsible for all Content that you upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available via the App. We do not control or monitor the Content posted to the App by others and, as such, does not guarantee the accuracy, integrity or quality of such Content. You understand that by using the App, you may be exposed to Content that is offensive, indecent or objectionable. Under no circumstances will we be liable in any way for any Content, including, but not limited to, any errors or omissions in any Content, or any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any Content posted, emailed, transmitted or otherwise made available on the App.
You agree to not use the App to: (a) upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any Content that is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortious, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libelous, invasive of another’s privacy, hateful, or racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable; (b) harm minors in any way; (c) impersonate any person or entity, including, but not limited to, a Vegas Media Group official, forum leader, guide or host, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity; (d) upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any Content that you do not have a right to make available under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships; (e) upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any Content that infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary rights of any party; (f) upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, “junk mail,” “spam,” “chain letters,” “pyramid schemes,” or any other form of solicitation; (g) upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any material that contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment; (h) interfere with or disrupt the App or servers or networks connected to the App, or disobey any requirements, procedures, policies or regulations of networks connected to the App; and/or (i) intentionally or unintentionally violate any applicable local, state, national or international law. You specifically agree not to access (or attempt to access) the App or the Content through any automated means (including the use of any script, web crawler, robot, spider, or scraper), and that you will not forge or manipulate identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any access (or attempted access) to the App.
You acknowledge that we may or may not pre-screen or monitor Content, but that we and out designees shall have the right (but not the obligation) in their sole discretion to pre-screen, monitor, refuse or remove any Content that is available via the App. Without limiting the foregoing, we and our designees shall have the right to remove any Content that violates the Terms or is otherwise objectionable. You agree that you must evaluate, and bear all risks associated with, the use of any Content available in connection with the App, including any reliance on the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of such Content.
You acknowledge, consent and agree that we may access, preserve and disclose your User Data, Payment Method information and other Content if required to do so by law or in a good faith belief that such access preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal process; (b) enforce the Terms; (c) respond to claims that any Content violates the rights of third parties; (d) respond to your requests for customer service; or (e) protect the rights, property or personal safety of us, its users and the public. Subject to the foregoing, we will use reasonable efforts to maintain the confidentiality of your User Data and Payment Method information.
The App is for your personal and noncommercial use. You may not modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer or sell for any commercial purposes any portion of the App, use of the App or access to the App.
Content Submitted to the App
We do not claim ownership of Content you may submit or make available for inclusion on the App. However, with respect to Content you submit or make available for inclusion on the App (other than User Data or Payment Method information), you grant us a worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free and non-exclusive license, as applicable, to use, distribute, reproduce, modify, adapt, publicly perform and publicly display and otherwise exploit such Content on the App for the purposes of providing and promoting the App and the features and services available on the App.
The App may provide you with the option of making certain Content that you submit to the App as private or available only to select users of the App. If, upon submission of Content to the App, you initially elect to mark such Content as private or available for a limited group of users, we will maintain the privacy of such Content in accordance with your election. However, if you do not elect to mark your Content as private or available for a limited group of users, or later change such designation to allow such Content to be made generally available, we can not and does not guarantee the privacy of such Content.
Electronic Communications
The App may provide you with the ability to send e-mails, post messages to user forums, enter chat rooms, speak via Internet voice connections or send similar messages and communications to third party service providers, advertisers, other users and/or us. You agree to use communication methods available on the App only to send communications and materials related to the subject matter for which we provided the communication method, and you further agree that all such communications by you shall be deemed your Content and shall be subject to and governed by the Terms. By using any of the communications methods available on the App, you acknowledge and agree that (a) all communications methods constitute public, and not private, means of communication between you and the other party or parties, (b) communications sent to or received from third party service providers, advertisers or other third parties are not be endorsed, sponsored or approved by us (unless expressly stated otherwise by Vegas Media Group) and (c) communications are not pre-reviewed, post-reviewed, screened, archived or otherwise monitored by us in any manner, though we reserve the right to do so at any time at its sole discretion in accordance with the Terms. You agree that all notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically shall satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.
Proprietary Rights
You acknowledge and agree that the App, any necessary software used in connection with the App (if any) and any Content available on the App contain proprietary and confidential information that is protected by applicable intellectual property and other laws. Except as expressly permitted by applicable law or authorized by us or applicable third party service providers or advertisers, you agree not to modify, rent, lease, loan, sell, distribute or create derivative works based on the App, the software or Content available on the App (other than Content that you may submit), in whole or in part.
We grant you a personal, non-transferable and non-exclusive right and license to access and use the App; provided that you do not (and do not allow any third party to) copy, modify, create a derivative work from, reverse engineer, reverse assemble or otherwise attempt to discover any source code, sell, assign, sublicense, grant a security interest in or otherwise transfer any right in the App. You agree not to access the App by any means other than through the interface that is provided by us for use in accessing the App.
The term VegasMate and other Vegas Media Group logos and product and service names are the exclusive trademarks of, and are owned by, Vegas Media Group, and you may not use or display such trademarks in any manner without our prior written permission. Any third party trademarks or service marks displayed on the App are the property of their respective owners.
We reserve all rights not expressly granted hereunder.
Disclaimer of Warranties and Liability
THE INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS, SERVICES AND CONTENT AVAILABLE ON THE APP IS PROVIDED TO YOU “AS IS” AND WITHOUT WARRANTY. VEGAS MEDIA GROUP AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, PARTNERS AND LICENSORS HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO SUCH INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS, SERVICES AND CONTENT, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. VEGAS MEDIA GROUP AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, PARTNERS AND LICENSORS MAKE NO WARRANTY THAT (a) THE SERVICE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS; (b) THE SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE OR ERROR-FREE; (c) THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF THE SERVICE WILL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE; (d) THE QUALITY OF ANY PRODUCTS, SERVICES, INFORMATION OR OTHER MATERIAL PURCHASED OR OBTAINED BY YOU THROUGH THE SERVICE WILL MEET YOUR EXPECTATIONS; AND (e) ANY ERRORS IN THE APP WILL BE CORRECTED.
YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE TO RELEASE VEGAS MEDIA GROUP, ITS SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, AGENTS, REPRESENTATIVES, EMPLOYEES, PARTNERS AND LICENSORS (THE “RELEASED PARTIES”) FROM ANY AND ALL LIABILITY CONNECTED WITH YOUR ATHLETIC ACTIVITIES, AND PROMISE NOT TO SUE THE RELEASED PARTIES FOR ANY CLAIMS, ACTIONS, INJURIES, DAMAGES, OR LOSSES ASSOCIATED WITH YOUR ATHLETIC ACTIVITIES. YOU ALSO AGREE THAT IN NO EVENT SHALL THE RELEASED PARTIES BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH (a) YOUR USE OR MISUSE OF THE APP, (b) YOUR USE OR MISUSE OF EQUIPMENT OR PROGRAMS CREATED OR LICENSED BY VEGAS MEDIA GROUP WHILE ENGAGED IN ATHLETIC ACTIVITIES, (c) YOUR DEALINGS WITH THIRD PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS OR ADVERTISERS AVAILABLE THROUGH THE APP, (d) ANY DELAY OR INABILITY TO USE THE APP EXPERIENCED BY YOU, (e) ANY INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS, SERVICES OR CONTENT OBTAINED THROUGH THE APP, WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF VEGAS MEDIA GROUP HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGES. BECAUSE SOME STATES/JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
Indemnity
You agree to indemnify and hold us and our subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, agents, representatives, employees, partners and licensors harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of Content you submit, post, transmit or otherwise seek to make available through the App, your use of the App, your athletic activities which generate the Content you post or seek to post on the App (including, but not limited to, athletic activities in connection with any contests, races, group rides, or other events which our sponsors, organizes, participates in, or whose App is used in connection with), your connection to the App, your violation of the Terms, or your violation of any rights of another person or entity.
Termination
You agree that we may, under certain circumstances and without prior notice, immediately terminate your account and/or access to the App. Cause for such termination shall include, but not be limited to, (a) breaches or violations of the Terms or other incorporated agreements or guidelines, (b) requests by law enforcement or other government agencies, (c) a request by you (self-initiated account deletions), (d) discontinuance or material modification to the App (or any portion thereof), (e) unexpected technical or security issues or problems, (f) extended periods of inactivity, and/or (g) nonpayment of any fees owed by you in connection with the App. Termination of your account may include (x) removal of access to all offerings within the App, (y) deletion of your information, files and Content associated with or inside your account, and (z) barring of further use of the App. Further, you agree that all terminations for cause shall be made in our sole discretion and that we shall not be liable to you or any third party for any termination of your account or access to the App.
APPLICABLE LAWS
This App is controlled by Vegas Media Group from its offices within the United States of America. We make no representation that the Content in the App or the App are appropriate or available for use in other locations, and access to them from territories where their content or use is illegal is prohibited. Those who choose to access this App from locations outside of the United States do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws. You may not use or export the Content in violation of U.S. export laws and regulations. Any action related to the App, the Content or the Terms shall be governed by California law and controlling U.S. federal law, without regard to conflicts of laws thereof. You hereby consent and submit to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue in the state and federal courts located in Santa Barbara County, California for any legal proceedings related to the App or the Terms. If any party hereto brings any suit or action against another for relief, declaratory or otherwise, arising out of these Terms, the prevailing party will have and recover against the other party, in addition to all court costs and disbursements, such sum as the court may adjudge to be reasonable attorneys’ fees. Except to the extent prohibited by applicable law, the parties agree that any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to use of the App or the Terms must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred. Sections 9, 11, 12, 13, 15 and 16 shall survive termination of your account and/or the Terms.
General
You agree that no joint venture, partnership, employment or agency relationship exists between you and Vegas Media Group as a result of the Terms or your use of the App. The Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and Vegas Media Group with respect to your use of the App. The failure of us to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the Terms shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. If any provision of the Terms is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, the parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to the parties’ intentions as reflected in the provision, and the other provisions of the Terms remain in full force and effect. You may not assign, delegate or otherwise transfer your account or your obligations under these Terms without the prior written consent of us. We have the right, in its sole discretion, to transfer or assign all or any part of its rights under these Terms and will have the right to delegate or use third party contractors to fulfill its duties and obligations under these Terms and in connection with the App. Our notice to you via email, regular mail or notices or links on the App shall constitute acceptable notice to you under the Terms. A printed version of the Terms and of any notice given in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to the Terms to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form. Section titles and headings in the Terms are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect. Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.
We will provide support to you related to the App via the following methods:
Website https://vegasmate.com
Email support@vegasmate.com
We try to respond to support requests within 48 hours after the request is placed.
Privacy Policy
VegasMate is owned, operated, and maintained by Vegas Media Group (“us”). Vegas Media Group respects your right to privacy and shares your concern about the security of any data you may submit via our
mobile application (“VegasMate”, or the “app”).
Your privacy is critically important to us. We don’t want to be creepy stalkers or evil spammers. We have a few fundamental principles:
We don’t ask you for personal information unless we truly need it.
We don’t share your personal information with anyone except to comply with the law, develop our products, or protect our rights.
We don’t store personal information on our servers unless required for the on-going operation of one of our services.
The following statement discloses the guidelines Vegas Media Group has established for protecting the information you provide to us during your visit to the site and while using the app.
Location Data
VegasMate includes various location-based features such as determining your distance and placing you on a map. To provide these location-based features VegasMate will use precise location data, including the real-time
geographic location of your mobile device, when you use the app.
This location data is stored locally on your phone and you may delete it at any time. This is not sent to our servers.
For some third-party partners, such as Google, location-based information will be shared automatically. For others, such as social media networks, this information will only be shared with your explicit permission or if
you choose to share it.
Aggregated Statistics
We may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to our website and users of the app. For example, we may aggregate anonymous location data to report resort popularity or publish a report on trends in the usage
of VegasMate.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Vegas Media Group collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring
site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Our purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how our visitors use the site.
Email Communications
If you choose to stop receiving emails regarding VegasMate, please follow the unsubscribe instructions within each email communication or send an email to
support@vegasmate.com
.
We will not provide or share any mailing lists or other information about you to another company or service for promotional purposes.
Any service-related emails (help requests, feedback, etc.) generally do not offer an option to unsubscribe as they are necessary to provide the service you requested.
Data Security
VegasMate uses industry standard Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology to allow for the encryption of personal information during transmissions to our servers.
We restrict access to data to our employees, contractors and agents who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve the app. These individuals are bound by confidentiality obligations and may be
subject to discipline if they fail to meet those obligations.
Children
We do not knowingly collect Personal Data from children under the age of 13 and do not target our websites to children under 13. If you are under thirteen, please do not submit any data through the app or site.
We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children’s Internet usage and to help enforce our privacy policy by instructing their children to never provide personal data through any of our app or site
without their permission. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided personal data to us, please contact us, and we will endeavor to delete that information from our servers.
Exclusions
This privacy policy does not apply to any unsolicited information you provide to us, such as feature requests and feedback sent via our support channels. All unsolicited information shall be deemed to be non-confidential
and we shall be free to reproduce, use, disclose, and distribute such unsolicited information to others without limitation or attribution.
Disclaimer
While we continue to work hard to protect your data, no transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be absolutely secure, and we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to Vegas
Media Group. Transmitting personal information is done at your own risk.
Privacy Policy Changes
If Vegas Media Group makes changes to any terms or conditions of this privacy policy, these changes will be posted on the site in a timely manner. We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please
review it frequently. In case of a business transaction in which a portion or all of Vegas Media Group’s business is acquired, we will notify you as described above in this paragraph.
Contact Us
If you have any additional questions or concerns about this policy or our information practices, please feel free to contact us at any time at
support@vegasmate.com
.
Last updated September 12th, 2012
Created in part with
Automattic’s creative-common privacy policy