As part of our commitment to privacy and transparency, we’re updating our Privacy Policy for Simplenote.
“Your privacy is critically important to us.” These are the first words of our Privacy Policy, and words we live by when designing and building our products.
Starting on September 24, 2018, Simplenote will be covered in our
Privacy Policy
for the products and services from us, the
folks at Automattic
. No more fragmenting: We’re retiring Simplenote’s separate Privacy Policy — our privacy practices should be straightforward and easy to understand, so now you only have to understand one.
Here are some of the other updates you’ll see:
Our Privacy Policy includes real-world, concrete examples to give you a clearer picture of how we collect and use personal information.
We provided more information, in the Choices section, about how you can limit and control the data that you provide to us when you use our services.
There’s also added information about your data protection and privacy rights, how long we keep information, and how we handle transfers of personal data outside the EU.
Our new
Privacy Policy
will take effect on September 24, 2018. We’re announcing the update now, to give you time to take a look at it.
If you continue to use our services on or after September 24, 2018 you acknowledge that your use will be subject to our new
Privacy Policy
.
And we’d love it if you follow us on
privacy.blog
for more information about privacy and transparency at Automattic.
***
Although we updated the
Privacy Policy
, our core values remain unchanged: We strive to be fully transparent. We keep the data we have a reason to keep. We are thoughtful about how we collect, use, and share personal information. And your notes belong to you.
Happy noting!
Share this:
Twitter
Facebook
Like
Loading...
New Simplenote App Updates for iOS, Android, and Mac
January 21, 2015
Liked by 9 people
What’s happened since the relaunch
October 9, 2013
Liked by 4 people
Performance, stability and reliability
February 9, 2012
With 9 comments