Ezone PTY LTD has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for our website (Ezone.com) and apps.
This site contains links to other sites. Ezone is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.
Registering and giving us personal information is not required.
We don’t share specific information with third parties. We don’t sell addresses to third parties.
Third-Party Advertising Free Games
We are currently in the process of removing third-party ads from all our games. The following games are third-party ad-free:
Merge Wars
(iOS and Android)
Diversion
(iOS and Android)
Crazy Snowboard
(iOS and Android)
Diver Dash
(iOS and Android)
Car Quest
(Nintendo Switch and Steam)
Lenny Walkabout
(Steam)
Mammoth Mini Golf AR
(iOS)
SUP Island
(Meta Quest)
Sharks
(Steam and Meta Quest)
…more on the way!
Third Party Advertising
We use the following third-party advertising companies to serve ads in some of our older mobile apps (there are no third party ads on our website):
Fyber
Google AdSense
Chartboost
Vungle
AppLovin
Unity Ads
Facebook
These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) when you use our website and apps in order to provide advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used, please visit the relevant company websites.
Did you know you can get rid of targeted ads? Follow this link to opt out of third-party vendor cookies for personalised advertising by visiting:
https://optout.aboutads.info
Cookies
We use cookies and other technologies to enable memberships and certain features of membership (e.g. high score tracking, contest entries, etc). You may decline to provide personal information to us and/or refuse cookies in your browser, although some of our features may not function properly as a result.
User Data
We only collect or store user data for the following games with Ezone cloud storage (if you have opted-in to cloud storage/backup):
Merge Wars
Diversion
The only data that is stored is your email address (for identification purposes) and game progress.
If you would like to request that your user data be deleted please email
support@ezone.com
with your email address and the relevant game.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control.
Children’s Guidelines
The Ezone website and apps do:
NOT collect online contact information without prior parental consent or parental notification, which will include an opportunity for the parent to prevent use of the information and participation in the activity. Without prior parental consent, online information will only be used to respond directly to the child’s request and will not be used for other purposes without prior parental consent
NOT collect personally identifiable offline contact information
NOT distribute to third parties any personally identifiable information
NOT give the ability to publicly post or otherwise distribute personally identifiable contact information
NOT entice by the prospect of a special game, prize or other activity, to divulge more information than is needed to participate in the activity
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact:
Simon Edis
Ezone PTY LTD
Perth, Western Australia
Share this:
Reddit
Twitter
Facebook
Telegram