Privacy Policy
Last updated March 31, 2023
This Privacy Policy, part of our overall
Terms of Service
, describes how and when Mobigame collects, uses and shares your information when you use our Service. We will ask for your consent before collecting or using information for a purpose other than those that are set out in this Privacy Policy.
Information we collect
Device information.
We may collect device-specific information, such as your hardware model and operating system version.
Application information.
We may collect information about your installation, such us the operating system type and application version number.
Information you give us.
When you contact Mobigame, we may keep a record of your communication to help solve any issues you might be facing. We may use your email address to inform you about our services, such as letting you know about upcoming changes or improvements.
Third-party services.
We may use third-party services to help us understand the use of our Service, such as Google Analytics. These third-party service providers may collect information sent by your browser as part of a web page request, such as cookies or your IP address.
Information we share
We do not share or disclose your private personal information unless necessary to comply with a law, regulation or legal request.
We may share or disclose your non-private, aggregated or otherwise non-personal information, such as aggregate usage statistics.
Information security
We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
Why do we collect your data
We use your data for a variety of business purposes, such as:
Create accounts and allow you to play our games and use our Service
Operate the Service
Verify and confirm payments
Provide and deliver products and services you request
Develop and improve the Service and player experience
Provide social features as part of the Service
Customize your Service experience
Respond to your comments and questions and provide player support
Enable you to communicate with other players
Deliver, target and improve our advertising and the Service
We do not collect any of your
Facebook
® or
META
® data (we use only an anonymous ID provided by Facebook to identify your account on our server)
Your rigths
You have the right to correct your data, have your data deleted, object how we use or share your data, and restrict how we use or share your data. You can always withdraw your consent.
We will respond to all requests within a reasonable timeframe.  If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, you may also contact your local data protection authority within the European Economic Area, Switzerland or UK for unresolved complaints.
If you wish to exercise any of your data subject rights described above, please use the support options in the games' description at https://www.mobigame.net/ or on the store where you downloaded our games.
Data Deletion Request
In compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and applicable laws, you have the right to request the deletion of your personal data collected by Mobigame. To request the deletion of your data, please follow the instructions below:
Submit Your Request
: Contact us at
. Please include the following information in your request:
Your full name
The email address associated with your account or services used
Any additional information to help us identify your data
Processing Time
: We commit to responding to your data deletion request within 30 days of receiving all necessary information. Once your identity is verified and the request confirmed, we will delete your personal data from our systems.