WILDCARD GAMES
PRIVACY STATEMENT
Last Updated: August 24, 2021
This privacy statement explains our collection, use, and disclosure of personal data. This privacy statement applies to WildCard Games and to our controlled affiliates and subsidiaries, including WildCard Classics (“WildCard,” “we,” “us,” “our”). References to our “services” in this statement include our websites (including, but not limited to, wilcardstudios.com), apps, and other services. This statement applies to our services that display or reference this statement, but it does not apply to any services that display or reference a different privacy statement.
PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT
The personal data we collect depends on how you interact with us, the services you use, and the choices you make.
We collect information about you from different sources and in various ways when you use our services, including information you provide directly, information collected automatically, third-party data sources, and data we infer or generate from other data.
Information you provide directly
. We collect personal data you provide to us. For example:
Contact and account information
. If you contact us, participate in surveys, or create an account with us, we collect your name, WildCard player ID number, and email address.
Payment information
. If you make a purchase or other financial transaction, we collect a verifiable receipt from the app store you paid through, including the amount you paid in that transaction.
Content and files
. We collect the photos, documents, or other files you upload to our services; and if you send us email messages or other communications, we will collect and retain those communications.
Information we collect automatically
. When you use our services, we collect some information automatically. For example:
Identifiers and device information
. When you use our services, web servers automatically log your Internet Protocol (IP) address and information about your device, including device identifiers (such as advertising ID); device type; and your device’s operating system, browser, and other software including type, version, language, settings, and configuration. As further described in the
Cookies, Mobile IDs, and Similar Technologies
section below, our websites and online services store and retrieve cookie identifiers, mobile IDs, and other data.
Geolocation data
. Depending on your device and app settings, we collect general geolocation data when you use our apps or online services.
Usage data
. We automatically log your activity on our services, including the URL of the website from which you came to our sites, pages you viewed, how long you spent on a page, access times, how you play our games (such as levels completed, achievements reached, interactions with other players, and types of purchases made), and other details about your use of and actions on our website.
Information we create or generate
. We infer new information from other data we collect, including using automated means to generate information about your likely preferences or other characteristics (“
inferences
”). For example, we infer your general geographic location (such as region and country) based on your IP address.
Information we obtain from third-party sources
. We also obtain information from third parties. These third-party sources include, for example:
Third party partners.
Third party applications and services, including social networks and advertising partners you choose to connect or interact with through our services.
When you are asked to provide personal data, you may decline. And you may use web browser or operating system controls to prevent certain types of automatic data collection. But if you choose not to provide or allow information that is necessary for certain services or features, those services or features may not be available or function correctly.
COOKIES, MOBILE IDs AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES
We use cookies, web beacons, mobile analytics and advertising IDs, and similar technologies to operate our websites and online services and to help collect data, including usage data, identifiers, and device information.
What are cookies and similar technologies?
Cookies are small text files placed by a website and stored by your browser on your device. A cookie can later be read when your browser connects to a web server in the same domain that placed the cookie. The text in a cookie contains a string of numbers and letters that may uniquely identify your device and can contain other information as well. This allows the web server to recognize your browser over time, each time it connects to that web server.
Web beacons are electronic images (also called single-pixel or clear GIFs) that are contained within a website or email. When your browser opens a webpage or email that contains a web beacon, it automatically connects to the web server that hosts the image (typically operated by a third party). This allows that web server to log information about your device and to set and read its own cookies. In the same way, third-party content on our websites (such as embedded videos, plug-ins, or ads) results in your browser connecting to the third-party web server that hosts that content. We also include web beacons in our email messages or newsletters to tell us if you open and act on them.
Mobile analytics and advertising IDs are generated by operating systems for mobile devices (iOS and Android) and can be accessed and used by apps in much the same way that websites access and use cookies. Our apps contain software that enables us and our third-party analytics and advertising partners to access the mobile IDs.
How do we and our partners use cookies and similar technologies?
We, and our analytics and advertising partners, use these technologies in our websites, apps, and online services to collect personal information (such as the pages you visit, the links you click on, and similar usage information, identifiers, and device information) when you use our services, including personal information about your online activities over time and across different websites or online services. This information is used to store your preferences and settings, enable you to sign-in, analyze how our websites and apps perform, track your interaction with the site or app, develop inferences, deliver and tailor interest-based advertising, combat fraud, and fulfill other legitimate purposes. We and/or our partners also share the information we collect or infer with third parties for these purposes.
The third-party analytics and advertising providers we use on our services include, for example:
Company/ Service
Purpose(s)
Privacy Notices
Manage Settings (opt-out)
AdColony
Advertising
https://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/
https://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/
AppLovin MAX
Advertising
https://www.applovin.com/privacy/
https://www.applovin.com/privacy/
AppsFlyer
Advertising
https://www.appsflyer.com/services-privacy-policy/
https://www.appsflyer.com/optout
Chartboost
Advertising
https://answers.chartboost.com/en-us/articles/200780269
https://answers.chartboost.com/en-us/zingtree
deltaDNA
Analytics
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
https://unity3d.com/legal/cookie-policy
Facebook Custom and Lookalike Audiences
Advertising
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/update
https://www.facebook.com/adpreferences/ad_settings/
Fyber
Advertising
https://www.fyber.com/privacy-policy/
https://www.fyber.com/privacy-policy/
Google AdMob
Advertising
https://policies.google.com/privacy
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922
Google Analytics
Analytics
https://policies.google.com/privacy
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
HyprMX
Advertising
https://www.hyprmx.com/pp
https://www.hyprmx.com/pp
InMobi
Advertising
https://www.inmobi.com/privacy-policy/
https://www.inmobi.com/page/opt-out/
IronSource
Advertising
https://developers.ironsrc.com/ironsource-mobile/air/ironsource-mobile-privacy-policy/
https://developers.ironsrc.com/ironsource-mobile/air/ironsource-mobile-privacy-policy/
Mintegral
Advertising
https://www.mintegral.com/en/privacy/
https://www.mintegral.com/en/privacy/
OneSignal
Analytics
https://onesignal.com/privacy_policy
https://onesignal.com/privacy_policy
PlayFab
Analytics, Advertising
https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/privacystatement
https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/concern/privacyrequest-other
TapJoy
Advertising
https://www.tapjoy.com/legal/players/privacy-policy/
https://www.tapjoy.com/dataprivacyrequests/
Unity Ads
Advertising
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
https://unity3d.com/legal/cookie-policy
Unity Analytics
Analytics
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
https://unity3d.com/legal/cookie-policy
Vungle
Advertising
https://vungle.com/privacy
https://vungle.com/privacy
To learn about their privacy practices and how to opt-out from their use of cookie data for targeted advertising purposes, click on the links above. You may also use the advertising and cookie controls described below.
What controls are available?
Advertising controls
. Our advertising partners may participate in associations that provide simple ways to opt out of ad targeting, which you can access at:
United States
: NAI (
http://optout.networkadvertising.org
) and DAA (
http://optout.aboutads.info/
)
Canada
: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (
https://youradchoices.ca/
)
Europe
: European Digital Advertising Alliance (
http://www.youronlinechoices.com/
)
These choices are specific to the browser you are using. If you access our services from other devices or browsers, take these actions from those systems to ensure your choices apply to the data collected when you use those systems.
Browser cookie controls
. Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can go to your browser settings to learn how to delete or reject cookies. If you choose to delete or reject cookies, this could affect certain features or services of our website. If you choose to delete cookies, settings and preferences controlled by those cookies, including advertising preferences, may be deleted and may need to be recreated.
Mobile advertising ID controls
. iOS and Android operating systems provide options to limit tracking and/or reset the advertising IDs.
Email web beacons
. Most email clients have settings which allow you to prevent the automatic downloading of images, including web beacons, which prevents the automatic connection to the web servers that host those images.
Do Not Track
. Some browsers have incorporated “Do Not Track” (DNT) features that can send a signal to the websites you visit indicating you do not wish to be tracked. Because there is not a common understanding of how to interpret the DNT signal, our websites do not currently respond to browser DNT signals. Instead, you can use the range of other tools to control data collection and use, including the cookie controls and advertising controls described above.
California “Do Not Sell My Personal Information.”
The California Consumer Protection Act (“CCPA”) requires us to describe the categories of personal information we sell to third parties and how to opt-out of future sales. The CCPA defines personal information to include online identifiers, including IP addresses, cookies IDs, and mobile IDs. The law also defines a “sale” broadly to include simply making data available to third parties in some cases. We let advertising and analytics providers collect IP addresses, cookie IDs, and mobile IDs, along with associated device and usage data, when you access our online services, but we do not “sell” any other personal information.
If you do not wish for us or our partners to “sell” personal information relating to your visits to our sites for advertising purposes, you can make your Do Not Sell Request by using the choices above. If you opt-out using these choices, we will not share or make available such personal information in ways that are considered a “sale” under the CCPA. However, we will continue to make available to our partners (acting as our service providers) some personal information to help us perform advertising-related functions. Further, using these choices will not opt you out of the use of previously “sold” personal information or stop all interest-based advertising.
Other information related to your right to opt-out from sales of personal information is contained in the
California Privacy Rights
section of this statement.
OUR USE OF PERSONAL DATA
We use the personal data we collect for purposes described in this privacy statement or otherwise disclosed to you. For example, we use personal data for the following purposes:
Purposes of Use
Categories of Personal Data
Service Delivery
. To provide and deliver our services, including troubleshooting, improving, and personalizing those services.
Contact and account information, payment information, identifiers and device information, geolocation data, usage data
Business Operations
. To operate our business, such as improving our internal operations, securing our systems, detecting fraudulent or illegal activity, and meeting our legal obligations.
Contact and account information, payment information, identifiers and device information, geolocation data, usage data
Service Improvement, Development, and Research
. To develop new services or features, and conduct research.
Usage data, content and files
Personalization
. To understand you and your preferences to enhance your experience and enjoyment using our services.
Contact and account information, content and files, identifiers and device information, geolocation data
Customer Support
. To provide customer support and respond to your questions.
Contact and account information, payment information, content and files, identifiers and device information, geolocation data, usage data
Marketing
. To communicate with you about new services, offers, promotions, rewards, contests, upcoming events, and other information about our services and those of our selected partners (see the
Choice and Control
section of this privacy statement for how to change your preferences for promotional communications).
Contact and account information, content and files, identifiers and device information
Advertising
. To display advertising to you (see the
Cookies
section of this privacy statement for information about personalized advertising and your advertising choices).
Contact and account information, identifiers and device information, geolocation data
We combine data we collect from different sources for these purposes and to give you a more seamless, consistent, and personalized experience.
OUR SHARING OF PERSONAL DATA
We share personal data with your consent or as necessary to complete your transactions or provide the services you have requested or authorized. For example, when you make a purchase in our app, we will share your payment receipt as necessary to deliver your purchase in-app, fraud prevention, credit risk reduction, or other related financial services.
When you play our online multiplayer games, we will share your first name, profile picture, and in-game actions with other players to deliver gameplay functionality.
In addition, we share each of the categories of personal data described above for the following business purposes:
We enable access to personal data across our subsidiaries, affiliates, and related companies, for example, where we share common data systems or where access is needed to provide our services and operate our business.
We share personal data with vendors or agents working on our behalf for the purposes described in this statement. For example, companies we’ve hired to provide customer service support or assist in protecting and securing our systems and services may need access to personal data to provide those functions.
We may also disclose personal data as part of a corporate transaction or proceeding such as a merger, financing, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, or a transfer, divestiture, or sale of all or a portion of our business or assets.
We will also access, transfer, disclose, and preserve personal data when we believe that doing so is necessary to:
comply with applicable law or respond to valid legal process, including from law enforcement or other government agencies;
protect our customers and others, for example to prevent spam or attempts to commit fraud, or to help prevent the loss of life or serious injury of anyone;
operate and maintain the security of our services, including to prevent or stop an attack on our computer systems or networks; or
protect the rights or property or ourselves or others, including enforcing our agreements, terms, and policies.
Third party analytics and advertising companies also collect personal data through our website and apps including, transaction details, account information, marketing and communications data, demographic data, content and files, geolocation data, usage data, and inferences associated with identifiers and device information (such as cookie IDs, device IDs, and IP address) as described in the
Cookies
section of this statement. These third party vendors may combine this data across multiple sites to improve analytics for their own purpose and others.
For example, we use Google Analytics on our website to help us understand how users interact with our services; you can learn how Google collects and uses information at
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners
.
Finally, we may share de-identified information in accordance with applicable law.
Please note that some of our services include integrations, references, or links to services provided by third parties whose privacy practices differ from ours. If you provide personal data to any of those third parties, or allow us to share personal data with them, that data is governed by their privacy statements.
CHOICE AND CONTROL OF PERSONAL DATA
Access, correction, and deletion
. If you wish to access, correct, or delete personal data about you that we hold, you may access your account by logging into the WildCard services you use.
If you are unable to access certain personal data we have via the means described above, you can request access by contacting us as described at the bottom of this privacy statement. However, to the extent permitted by applicable law, we reserve the right to decline requests that are unreasonable or excessive, where providing the data would be prohibited by law or could adversely affect the privacy or other rights of another person, where deleting data would interfere with a legal or business obligation that requires retention of the data, or where we are unable to authenticate you as the person to whom the data relates.
Communications preferences
. You can choose whether to receive promotional communications from us by email.
If you receive promotional email from us and would like to stop, you can do so by following the directions in that message or by contacting us as described in the
Contact Us
section below.
These choices do not apply to certain informational communications including surveys and mandatory service communications.
Choices for Cookies and Similar Technologies
. See the
Cookies
section for choices about cookies and other analytics and advertising controls.
EUROPEAN DATA PROTECTION RIGHTS
If the processing of personal data about you is subject to European Union data protection law, you have certain rights with respect to that data:
You can request access to, and rectification or erasure of, personal data;
If any automated processing of personal data is based on your consent or a contract with you, you have a right to transfer or receive a copy of the personal data in a usable and portable format;
If the processing of personal data is based on your consent, you can withdraw consent at any time for future processing;
You can to object to, or obtain a restriction of, the processing of personal data under certain circumstances; and
For residents of France, you can send us specific instructions regarding the use of your data after your death.
To make such requests, please use the contact information at the bottom of this statement. When we are processing data on behalf of another party that is the “data controller,” you should direct your request to that party. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, but we encourage you to first contact us with any questions or concerns.
We rely on different lawful bases for collecting and processing personal data about you, for example, with your consent and/or as necessary to provide the services you use, operate our business, meet our contractual and legal obligations, protect the security of our systems and our customers, or fulfil other legitimate interests.
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
If you are a California resident and the processing of personal information about you is subject to the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), you have certain rights with respect to that information.
Right to Know
. You have a right to request that we disclose to you the personal information we have collected about you. You also have a right to request additional information about our collection, use, disclosure, or sale of such personal information. Note that we have provided much of this information in this privacy statement. You may make such a “request to know” by contacting us at
support@wildcardstudios.com
.
Right to Request Deletion
. You also have a right to request that we delete personal information under certain circumstances, subject to a number of exceptions. To make a request to delete, contact us at
support@wildcardstudios.com
or via physical mail at the address listed in the
Contact Us
section below.
Right to Opt-Out
. You have a right to opt-out from future “sales“ of personal information.
Note that the CCPA defines “sell” and “personal information” very broadly, and some of our data sharing described in this privacy statement may be considered a “sale” under those definitions. In particular, we let advertising and analytics providers collect IP addresses, cookie IDs, and mobile IDs through our sites and apps when you use our online services, but do not “sell” any other types of personal information. For more information, including how to opt-out, please see the
Cookies
section of this statement.
We do not knowingly sell the personal information of minors under 16 years of age.
You may designate, in writing or through a power of attorney, an authorized agent to make requests on your behalf to exercise your rights under the CCPA. Before accepting such a request from an agent, we will require the agent to provide proof you have authorized it to act on your behalf, and we may need you to verify your identity directly with us.
Further, to provide or delete specific pieces of personal information we will need to verify your identity to the degree of certainty required by law. We will verify your request by asking you to send it from the email address associated with your account or requiring you to provide information necessary to verify your account.
Fin
ally, you have a right to receive notice of our practices at or before collection of personal information, and you have a right to not be discriminated against for exercising these rights set out in the CCPA.
Additionally, under California Civil Code section 1798.83, also known as the “Shine the Light” law, California residents who have provided personal information to a business with which the individual has established a business relationship for personal, family, or household purposes (“California Customers”) may request information about whether the business has disclosed personal information to any third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes.
Please be aware that we do not disclose personal information to any third parties for their direct marketing purposes as defined by this law.
California Customers may request further information about our compliance with this law by e-mailing
support@wildcardstudios.com
. Please note that businesses are required to respond to one request per California Customer each year and may not be required to respond to requests made by means other than through the designated e-mail address.
RETENTION OF PERSONAL DATA
We retain personal data for as long as necessary to provide the services and fulfill the transactions you have requested, comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, enforce our agreements, and other legitimate and lawful business purposes. Because these needs can vary for different data types in the context of different services, actual retention periods can vary significantly based on criteria such as user expectations or consent, the availability of automated controls that enable users to delete data, and our legal or contractual obligations.
LOCATION OF PERSONAL DATA
The personal data we collect may be stored and processed in your country or region, or in any other country where we or our affiliates, subsidiaries, or service providers maintain facilities. Currently, we primarily use data centers in the United States. The storage location(s) are chosen to operate efficiently and improve performance. We take steps designed to ensure that the data we collect under this statement is processed and protected according to the provisions of this statement and applicable law wherever the data is located.
Location of Processing European Personal Data
. We transfer personal data from the European Economic Area (EEA), UK, and Switzerland to other countries, some of which have not been determined by the European Commission to have an adequate level of data protection. When we do so, we use a variety of legal mechanisms, including contracts, to help ensure your rights and protections. To learn more about the European Commission’s decisions on the adequacy of personal data protections, please visit:
https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/data-transfers-outside-eu/adequacy-protection-personal-data-non-eu-countries_en
.
SECURITY OF PERSONAL DATA
We take reasonable and appropriate steps to help protect personal data from unauthorized access, use, disclosure, alteration, and destruction.
To help us protect personal data, we request that you use a strong password and never share your password with anyone or use the same password with other sites or accounts.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT
We will update this privacy statement when necessary to reflect changes in our services, how we use personal data, or the applicable law. When we post changes to the statement, we will revise the “Last Updated” date at the top of the statement. If we make material changes to the statement, we will provide notice or obtain consent regarding such changes as may be required by law.
HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have a privacy concern, complaint, or a question for WildCard, please contact us at
support@wildcardstudios.com
.
Our address is:
WildCard Games
1100 Bellevue Way NE, STE 8A #534
Bellevue, WA 98008, United States