AltaMail
The Ultimate Email App. Swipe actions, templates, rules, contact emails, IMAP, Exchange, Outlook, POP...
PrintCentral Pro
Print anything to ALL printers. The best app for files, cloud, PDF conversion, clipboard, transfer and much more...
CalPrint
Print, PDF & Email your Reminders/Calendar. Print Day, Week, Month, custom list view, shopping lists
Save2PDF
Convert images, files, web pages to PDF. Merge PDFs, even from other apps...
WritePDF
PDF Editing & Forms. Write your own PDFs, annotate, edit, draw, add images, merge and distribute...
Apps
Help
Contact
Download
EuroSmartz Ltd App Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how EuroSmartz Ltd protects information.
EuroSmartz Ltd is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. If you provide information to us by which you can be identified, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
EuroSmartz Ltd may change this policy from time to time by updating this page.
What we collect
None of the apps made by EuroSmartz Ltd collect or extract any personal data from a user's device. As we do not even
access
customer data, we therefore do not collect or share any information with Facebook, or any other company. We do not target our customers with ads for 3rd party products. All of our app revenue is derived from customer App Store purchases and is used solely to support new features and maintenance of our apps.
We do not read the message contents of customer emails on remote servers.
A user may choose to send comments and an email address to EuroSmartz in the form of feedback or request for help.
What we do with the information we gather
We review the help desk queries and feedback manually sent by users to us to understand customer needs and provide a better service.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we receive online.
Multiple security systems are in place to protect the confidentiality of your data.
Google user data
Our App’s use of information received from Google APIs will adhere to
Google API Services User Data Policy
, including the Limited Use requirements. No information is transferred to any other app.
If you choose to sign in to your Gmail account, then only your emails are accessed to be displayed in the app. Your Gmail signin is also used if you choose to send emails from inside the app. No other Gmail information is accessed. No Gmail contact, user profile or other account information is accessed.
	Your emails are only stored on your device inside the app and never leave your device unless you specifically share them yourself. e.g. by you sending an email. Your user data is never shared and remains on your device.
If you choose to sign in to your Google Drive  account, then only your Google Drive files are accessed to be displayed in the app or managed by your own actions. No other Google Drive information is accessed. No Googe Drive user profile or other account information is accessed.
	Your files are only stored on your device inside the app and never leave your device unless you specifically share them yourself. e.g. by you sending an email. Your user data is never shared and remains on your device.
Any Google sensitive data (eg. login access) is stored encrypted on your device.
No Google data is retained outside of your device. When you delete your Google account or delete the App then the Google data is also deleted.
Verizon/Yahoo account user data
If you choose to sign in to your Verizon/Yahoo email account, then only your emails are accessed to be displayed in the app. Your email signin is also used if you choose to send emails from inside the app. No other email account information is accessed.
	Your files are only stored on your device inside the app and never leave your device unless you specifically share them yourself. e.g. by you sending an email. Your user data is never shared and remains on your device.
All other email account user data
If you choose to sign in to your email account, then only your emails are accessed to be displayed in the app. Your email signin is also used if you choose to send emails from inside the app. No other email account information is accessed.
	Your emails are only stored on your device inside the app and never leave your device unless you specifically share them yourself. e.g. by you sending an email. Your user data is never shared and remains on your device.
Cloud server account user data
If you choose to sign in to your Cloud Server account, then only your Cloud Server files are accessed to be displayed in the app or managed by your own actions. No other Cloud Server information is accessed.
	Your files are only stored on your device inside the app and never leave your device unless you specifically share them yourself. e.g. by you sending an email. Your user data is never shared and remains on your device.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following way:
If you have previously contacted us using your email address, you may change your mind at any time and request complete removal of your queries from our help desk system via the
Contact Us
page. Our help desk is the only record of personal information. No other personal data is collected.
We do not collect, sell, distribute or share your personal information to any third parties.
We have no access to your Apple iTunes account or payment method.
You may request details of personal information which we hold
        about you under the Data Protection Act 1998.
        If you would like a copy of the information held on you then you can use the Contact link above.
History
This policy was last updated on the 29th of February, 2024.
29/2/2024 Added clarification that Google data is encrypted on your device and no data is retained after you delete it.
Press Kits
©Copyright 2008 - 2024 EuroSmartz Ltd
Contact
About
Privacy