The policy covers both Quest and One Identity and is effective for all
					sites, portals or properties owned or managed by either Quest or One
					Identity or associated with Products designated with either a
					“powered by Quest” or “powered by One Identity”
					logo. References to Quest in this policy document should be read to
					include One Identity unless the context requires otherwise.
This privacy policy (
“Privacy Policy”
) is
					applicable to the quest.com and oneidentity.com websites and any other
					websites owned and operated by Quest Software Inc. (
“Quest”
),
					20 Enterprise, Suite 100, Aliso Viejo CA 92656, US, and its subsidiaries
					or affiliates (referred to as
“this Website,”
						“We”, “our” or “us”
). This
					Privacy Policy does not apply to the websites of our customers or Business
					Partners or to the websites of any other third parties, even if we have
					links to their websites on our website.
If you would like to view this Privacy Policy by country,
please click here.
This Privacy Policy governs information we collect from you when you use
					any of our products or this Website. This Policy also outlines our
					specific practices related to collection, use, processing, transfer and/or
					storage of Personal Data (as defined below) in connection with your
					purchase, access and use of our SaaS software applications.
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy,
"Business Partners"
are subcontractors, vendors distributors, resellers and other entities
					with whom we have ongoing business relationships to provide products,
					services and information to our customers. “Affiliates” are
					legal entities that are owned by or under direct common ownership with
					Quest. "Personal Data" means information that can directly or indirectly
					identify you as an individual, such as your name, telephone number,
					address, billing information and email address or other similar
					information.
When you use our Website, we may seek your explicit consent to process
					Personal Data we collect or that you voluntarily provide. In case you do
					not grant the requested consent for the processing of your Personal Data
					or if you later inform Quest (in accordance with the “Contact
					Us” section below) that you do not want Quest to further process
					your Personal Data, any further use of certain offerings or services of
					Quest may be either prevented or limited in scope.
When do we collect Personal Data?
We may ask you to provide your Personal Data when you:
Use This Website;
Register for an account on This Website;
Purchase a SaaS product or Service from This Website;
Use one or more of our SaaS (software-as-a-service) offerings;
Register products you have purchased from us;
Obtain a software trial or update;
Contact us, including for sales, professional services or technical
						support;
Participate in a call using Microsoft Teams, Zoom, or other
						teleconference solution;
Participate in a marketing/sales promotion or an online survey;
Subscribe to our newsletters, promotional emails or other materials;
Request information about our products, quotes, downloads or white
						papers;
Apply for credit or financing;
Register for a webinar or to view a webinar recording;
Apply for a job, or otherwise enter our recruitment and hiring process
Personal Data We Collect
Quest collects and processes Personal Data in multiple ways from
					visitors to this Website whether or not they subscribe to our products.
					For example, when someone subscribes to an online product or service, we
					collect that person’s (
“Subscriber’s”
)
					first and last name as well as their company’s name, email, and
					phone number. Once registration is complete, we collect similar
					information from the person designated by the Subscriber as the designated
					administrator for the subscription. That administrator may share
					additional end user information to enable Subscriber’s end users to
					use the subscribed service. In all of this, however, it is the Subscriber
					who is responsible for notifying their end users that their information
					may be collected and shared with Quest as part of their use of the
					Service.
When you visit this Website Quest uses session
“cookies”
– – a piece of information stored on your computer – to
					allow the Website to uniquely identify your browser while you are logged
					in and to enable Quest to process your online transactions. Please see the
					“
Use
						of Cookies
” section for further information.
Mobile:
When you download and use Quest services
					(including SaaS services) we automatically collect information on the type
					of device you use, the frequency of usage, application version, operating
					system version, the time it been used, and the device location.
Recruiting and hiring:
We process your Personal Data,
					such as contact, job applicant data and biographical data, to assess your
					application and to evaluate and improve our recruitment system, our
					application tracking and our recruitment activities. You may also provide
					us with sensitive information like your Social Security Number or
					government identifier and other Personal Data in connection with your job
					application. We may use your Personal Data to communicate with you
					regarding your application for employment in connection with opportunities
					at Quest that appear over time that we believe may be of interest to you.
					We also use your Personal Data to send you new hire and employee
					experience information. We may verify your information, including through
					reference checks and, where allowed, background checks. Quest and our
					third-party utility-tracking partners gather certain information
					automatically and store it in log files. This information includes
					Internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet service provider
					(ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp and
					clickstream data.
How We Use Personal Data
We use your Personal Data to:
Deliver the products and support or carry out the transactions you
						have requested;
Establish a unique account for you to access our SaaS software;
Address accounting and billing questions and activities;
For the purposes of identification and authentication for visitors;
Send communications to you, such as:
to contact you about your use of the service,
your transaction status (for example, order confirmations),
information about products and services available from our portfolio
								and from our affiliated and subsidiary companies,
for research purposes and to generally improve the content,
								functionality, and security of the Website and related services,
event announcements,
important product notices including those announcing changes to our
								terms or policies,
information about particular programs in which you have chosen to
								participate, and
surveys, promotional offers, periodic newsletters and other related
								communications.
Execute other actions or processes that may be necessary or useful in
						order for us to provide the services you have purchased;
Advertise and market our software product lines by delivering targeted
						advertisements on This Website and other sites;
Administer, customize, personalize, analyze and improve our products,
						services (including the content and advertisements on this Website),
						technologies, communications and relationship with you;
Enforce our conditions of sale, website terms and/or separate
						contracts (if applicable) with you;
If your call is recorded, it may be reviewed for immediate employee
						training and monitoring purposes;
Prevent fraud and other prohibited or illegal activities;
Protect the security or integrity of this Website, our business, or
						our products or services; or
Take such other actions or perform such other activities as disclosed
						to you at the point of collection or as required or permitted by law.
Quest uses Google Analytics and services like AdRoll to advertise
					online. Third-party vendors, including Google, show our ads on sites
					across the Internet. Quest and third-party vendors, including Google, use
					first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party
					cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) together to inform, optimize, and
					serve ads based on your past visits to our website. You may opt-out of
					Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize Google Display
					Network ads using Google’s Ads Preferences Manager.
Unless stated otherwise in this Privacy Policy, Quest processes Personal
					Data in the role of a processor or service provider on behalf of our
					customer(s), who are typically the responsible controllers of the Personal
					Data we process.
Sharing Your Information
We may share Personal Data with our affiliated and subsidiary companies
					or Business Partners to carry out transactions you request, to make our
					business more responsive to your needs, to provide you with information
					about our products and services, or for research and analysis. In
					addition, we or our affiliates may share your information with our
					Business Partners for the purposes of credit card processing when you
					register for subscription plans.
Our credit card processing intermediary is not permitted to store,
					retain or use your billing information except for the limited purpose of
					credit card processing on our behalf. We may transmit Personal Data to
					third party vendors and hosting partners that provide the necessary
					hardware, software, networking, storage, and other technology and
					maintenance services required to operate and maintain this Website and any
					services, including SaaS that we provide. Transfers to any third parties
					are covered under the provisions in this Policy and the service agreements
					with our clients.
We may also share Personal Data with Business Partners that help us
					customize, analyze and/or improve our communications or business
					relationship with you. These communications may include requests relating
					to our products or services, including SaaS services. As an example, we
					may share Personal Data to a payment processor who will bill you for
					services or an email service provider to send out emails on our behalf. In
					these (and other similar) instances, we will only share Personal Data with
					Business Partners who share our commitment of protecting your Personal
					Data and who have agreed in writing to provide protection to your Personal
					Data that is both in compliance with legal requirements and commensurate
					with the protections we ourselves provide. We will not disclose Personal
					Data to third parties for their own marketing purposes in absence of your
					consent.
Except as described in this Policy, Quest will not give, sell, rent,
					share or loan any personal information to any third party other than as
					outlined in this Policy. More specifically, here are the reasons and
					circumstances where we share your Personal Data:
Legal reasons:
We may disclose Personal Data to
						respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or
						exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims. We may also
						share such information if we believe it is necessary to enable us to
						investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities,
						suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical
						safety of any person, violations of our Terms of Service, or as otherwise
						required by law. In certain situations, we may be required to disclose
						Personal Data in response to lawful requests by public authorities,
						including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
Business Transitions:
If Quest is involved in a
						merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, or a
						corporate reorganization or any other action or transfer between Quest
						entities, your information may be shared with the new successor entity
						for continuation of service, as well as any choices you may have
						regarding your Personal Data.
Statistical analysis:
Quest may provide summary or
						group statistics about our customers, sales, traffic patterns, and
						related Website information to reputable third-party vendors, but these
						statistics will include no Personal Data.
Links to other sites:
This Website contains links to
						other sites that are not owned or controlled by Quest. Please review the
						privacy policy of such other sites to familiarize yourself with their
						practices. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our Website and to
						read the privacy statements of each Website that collects Personal Data.
						This Policy applies only to Personal Data processed by this Website.
Social Media Features:
Our Website includes social
						media features, such as the Facebook and Twitter buttons and Widgets, the
						“Share This” button or interactive mini-programs that run on
						our Website. These features may collect your IP address and the page you
						are visiting on our Website and also may set a cookie to enable the
						social media feature to function properly. Social media features and
						Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our
						Website.
Public Forums:
Our Website offers publicly accessible
						blogs or community forums. You should be aware that any Personal Data you
						provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who
						access them. To request removal of your Personal Data from our blog or
						community forum, contact us at
privacy@quest.com
.
						Our blog functionality is also managed by a third-party application that
						may require you to register to post a comment. You will need to contact
						or login into the third-party application if you want the personal
						information that was posted to the comments section removed. Your
						interaction with these features is governed by the privacy policy of the
						company providing it.
Testimonials:
We post customer testimonials on our
						Website which may contain Personal Data. We obtain a customer’s
						consent via email prior to posting the testimonial to post that
						customer’s name along with their testimonial. A customer may always
						withdraw such consent at
privacy@quest.com
.
Surveys:
From time-to-time we may provide you the
						opportunity to participate in surveys and contests. Participation in
						these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you therefore have
						a choice whether or not to disclose this information. The requested
						information typically includes contact information, such as email or
						phone number. We use this information to improve our Services to send our
						customers updates on how we are improving those Services based on their
						feedback, and to market our solutions.
Breach Notification
Quest takes its responsibility for managing security and compliance very
					seriously and has established policies, processes and controls designed to
					ensure the protection of your Personal Data, including a variety of
					security strategies intended to prevent unauthorized access to your
					Personal Data. These policy statements and security strategies are
					explained and described on our website at:
www.quest.com/legal
.
Quest evaluates and responds to reports of incidents that might involve
					unauthorized access to Personal Data. If we become aware that Personal
					Data has been compromised, we report any such action or activity to you in
					accordance with prevailing legal and/or contractual requirements.
We may aggregate or de-identify information (including Personal Data) so
					that it does not identify you and then share that de-identified (and
					therefore no longer personal) data with third parties, either on its own
					or with other non-personal data.
Selecting Your Communication and Marketing Preferences
You may choose to receive or not receive marketing communications from
					us by indicating your preferences on this Website. If you would prefer not
					to receive future marketing communications or wish to change or modify
					information previously provided or delete inaccuracies, please contact us
					at
listmaster@quest.com
. Upon
					receipt of your request, your information will be updated as soon as
					possible, but no later than ten (10) days after our receipt of your
					request. We will respond to all requests for access to your Personal Data
					within 30 days.
We will retain your Personal Data for as long as your account is active
					or as needed to provide you services and as necessary to comply with our
					legal, regulatory or compliance obligations. Even if you opt out of
					receiving marketing communications, we may still communicate with you in
					connection with servicing any existing account you may have, fulfilling a
					request from you, or administering any promotion or any program in which
					you may have elected to participate.
Targeted Email Marketing
Some marketing you receive, including email marketing, may also be
					personalized to you based on your visits to this Website and your browsing
					and purchase history with us. In addition, when you click on some links in
					email marketing our email service provider may place a cookie on your
					browser. This cookie would be linked to your email address and used to
					gather information about the products and services you view on this
					Website. Information gathered in this way may be used to personalize and
					customize future email marketing messages you receive. You may opt out of
					this use by clicking on the unsubscribe link provided in every
					personalized email marketing message you receive from us.
Collection and Use of Children’s Personal Data
We take children’s privacy seriously. We do not knowingly collect
					Personal Data from children under the age of 13 through this Website. If
					you are under 13 years of age, please do not submit any Personal Data
					through this Website without the express consent and participation of a
					parent or guardian.
Targeted Display Advertising
We also work with advertising and personalization Business Partners that
					use cookies to help us display personalized content and appropriate
					advertising during your visits to this Website and other websites.
Third Party Advertising
For more information regarding the privacy and data collection practices
					of third parties that use cookies for advertising from this Website,
					including information on how to opt out of such cookies please use the
					following links:
Adobe:
Information regarding the privacy and data
					collection practices for Omniture.com (offered by Adobe) is located at
https://www.omniture.com/en/privacy/policy
.
Akamai Technologies:
Information regarding the privacy
					and data collection practices for Akamai Technologies is located at
https://www.akamai.com/legal/privacy-and-policies/privacy-statement
.
AppNexus:
Information regarding the privacy and data
					collection practices for AppNexus is located at
https://www.appnexus.com/privacy-policy
.
Beeswax:
Information regarding the privacy and data
					collection practices for Beeswax is located at
https://www.beeswax.com/website/
.
Bing Ads:
Information regarding the privacy and data
					collection practices for Bing Ads (Operated by Microsoft) is located at
https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/privacystatement
.
Bootstrap CDN:
Information regarding the privacy and
					data collection practices for Bootstrap CDN is located at
https://www.jsdelivr.com/terms/privacy-policy-jsdelivr-net
.
Brightcove and Zencoder:
Information regarding the
					privacy and data collection practices for Brightcove and Brightcove
					Zencoder is located at
https://www.brightcove.com/en/legal/privacy/
.
Demandbase:
Information regarding the privacy and data
					collection practices for Demandbase is located at
https://www.demandbase.com/privacy-policy/
.
Drift:
Information regarding the privacy and data
					collection practices for Drift is located at
https://www.drift.com/privacy-policy/
.
ELOQUA:
Information regarding the privacy and data
					collection practices for Eloqua is located at
https://www.eloqua.com/trust/Privacy_Policy.html
.
Facebook:
Information regarding the privacy and data
					collection practices for Facebook is located at
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
.
Gainsight:
Information regarding the privacy and data
					collection practices for Gainsight is located at
https://www.gainsight.com/policy/privacy/
.
Google:
Information regarding the privacy and data
					collection practices for Google Analytics, Google Fonts, and Google Tag
					Manager is located at
https://www.google.com/privacy/privacy-policy.html
.
Google & DoubleClick:
Information regarding the
					privacy and data collection practices for DoubleClick (offered by Google)
					is located at
https://www.google.com/privacy/privacy-policy.html
.
jQuery:
Information regarding the privacy and data
					collection practices for jQuery is located at
https://privacy-policy.openjsf.org
.
LeadLander:
Information regarding the privacy and data
					collection practices for LeadLander is located at
https://www.leadlander.com/privacy.html
.
LinkedIn Analytics:
Information regarding the privacy
					and data collection practices for LinkedIn Analytics is located at
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
.
LiveRamp:
Information regarding the privacy and data
					collection practices for LiveRamp is located at
https://liveramp.com/privacy/
.
Marketo:
Information regarding the privacy and data
					collection practices for Marketo is located at
https://www.marketo.com/privacy.php
.
MediaMath:
Information regarding the privacy and data
					collection practices for MediaMath is located at
https://www.mediamath.com/privacy-policy/
.
New Relic:
Information regarding the privacy and data
					collection practices for New Relic is located at
https://newrelic.com/termsandconditions/privacy
.
OneTrust CMP:
Information regarding the privacy and
					data collection practices for OneTrust CMP is located at
https://www.onetrust.com/privacy/
.
OptInMonster:
Information regarding the privacy and
					data collection practices for OptInMonster is located at
https://optinmonster.com/privacy/
.
Quantcast:
Information regarding the privacy and data
					collection practices for Quantcast is located at
https://www.quantcast.com/how-we-do-it/consumer-choice/privacy-policy
.
Snap Engage:
Information regarding the privacy and data
					collection practices for Snap Engage is located at
https://snapengage.com/privacy-policy/
.
Spiceworks:
Information regarding the privacy and data
					collection practices for Spiceworks is located at
https://www.spiceworks.com/privacy/
.
theTradeDesk:
Information regarding the privacy and
					data collection practices for theTradeDesk is located at
https://www.thetradedesk.com/privacy-policy/
.
VWO:
Information regarding the privacy and data
					collection practices for VWO is located at
https://vwo.com/privacy-policy/
Wordpress:
Information regarding the privacy and data
					collection practices for Wordpress is located at
https://automattic.com/privacy/
X (Twitter):
Information regarding the privacy and data collection practices for Twitter, Twitter Advertising, and Twitter analytics is located at
https://x.com/en/privacy
Similarly, third parties other than our affiliated companies use cookies
					to deliver advertising to you on the Internet based on your visits to this
					Website and other websites. These companies may also use data relating to
					your visits to measure the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns.
					These cookies can be effective whether you are on this Website or another
					website. These cookies assist the third parties in identifying the pages
					you view, the links and ads you click on, other actions you take on those
					web pages, and the website from which you came before arriving at this
					Website.
You may have the opportunity to opt out of targeted advertising through
					links on the advertisements themselves and you may be able to control the
					use of cookies through your web browser as described in the “How We
					Use Cookies” section below.
“Do Not Track” Signals
Some web browsers also may give you the ability to enable a “do
					not track” setting. This setting sends a special signal to the
					websites you encounter while web browsing. This “do not track”
					signal is different from disabling certain forms of tracking by declining
					cookies in your browser settings. Browsers with the “do not
					track” setting enabled still have the ability to accept cookies. Our
					system does not respond to web browser “do not track” signals
					at this time. If we do so in the future, we will describe how we do so in
					this Privacy Policy. For more information about “do not
					track,” visit
www.allaboutdnt.com
.
Cookies and Web Beacons
How We Use Cookies
This Website uses “cookies” to enable you to sign-in to our
					services and to help personalize your online experience. A cookie is a
					piece of text that is placed on your computer’s hard drive.
					Depending on the settings you have selected, your browser adds the text to
					your device as a small file. You can change the browser settings as
					described below; many browsers are set to accept cookies by default. We
					use cookies to store your preferences and other information on your
					computer in order to save you time by eliminating the need to enter the
					same information repeatedly.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Many web browsers
					automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser
					setting to decline cookies, if you prefer. If you choose to decline
					cookies, you may not be able to sign in or use other interactive features
					of this Website and services that depend on cookies. The Help portion of
					your web browser, most likely found on the toolbar, typically tells you
					how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the
					browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable
					cookies altogether.
When you first visited our website, you were presented with a banner
					announcing our use of cookies. The banner offers a link to our
Cookie
						Use Policy
as well as buttons to accept cookie settings and to manage
					cookies in the
Cookie
						Preference
						Center
(also known as “
Your
							Privacy Choices
”)
					where you can change your preferences at any time.
If you have implemented
Global Privacy Control (GPC)
,
					our cookie consent solution honors the resulting GPC signals. Please note
					that opting out of advertising cookies will eliminate personalized
					advertisements, but you will continue to see advertisements. Additionally,
					you can opt-out of interest-based advertising by participating companies
					via the following consumer choice mechanisms:
Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA):
Access the
					self-regulatory opt-out page at
http://optout.aboutads.info/
and to download the
					mobile application "AppChoices" visit
https://youradchoices.com/appchoices
.
European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA):
Access the consumer opt-out page at
http://youronlinechoices.eu
.
Network Advertising Initiative (NAI):
Access the
					self-regulatory opt-out page at
http://optout.networkadvertising.org/
.
How We Use Web Beacons
We or our Business Partners may use web beacons on this Website, in our
					email messages, in our advertisements on other websites, or in our
					advertisements in others’ email messages. Similarly, third parties
					whose content or advertisements appear on this Website may also place web
					beacons in their ads or emails for the purposes of measuring the
					effectiveness of the content, advertisements or email messages.
A web beacon is an electronic image that can be used to recognize a
					cookie on your computer when you view a web page or email message. Web
					beacons help us measure the effectiveness of this Website and our
					advertising in various ways. For example, web beacons may count the number
					of individuals who visit this Website from a particular advertisement or
					who make a purchase from this Website after viewing a particular
					advertisement or they may tell us when a web page is viewed and provide a
					description of the page where the web beacon is placed. Web beacons may
					also measure the effectiveness of our email campaigns, by counting the
					number of individuals who open or act upon an email message, determining
					when an email message is opened and determining how many times an email
					message is forwarded.
The information we collect through web beacons may include some limited
					Personal Data, and web beacons allow us to recognize users by accessing
					our cookies. We may also combine the information that we collect through
					web beacons with other information we have collected from you. We use all
					this information to better tailor our marketing communications to you, and
					we may use this information for other purposes, such as to enable a
					shopping cart, customize content on this Website and undertake internal
					research.
We prohibit web beacons on this Website from being used by third parties
					to access Personal Data. We may allow Business Partners to compile
					individual information or aggregated (anonymous) statistics from the use
					of web beacons on this Website to determine the effectiveness of online
					marketing and to develop statistics related to purchase activity or any
					other action on the advertiser’s site. Aggregate information may
					include demographic and usage information, but no Personal Data about you
					is shared with Business Partners for this research.
You can make some web beacons unusable by rejecting cookies in your web
					browser and you can always change your preferences in the
Cookie
						Preference Center
, also available from our home page as
“Your
						Privacy Choices”
.
How We Use Pixel Tracking
Similar to Cookies, this Website and some of our Business Partners use
					pixel tracking to gather information about your experience with which to
					enhance our Website and its performance for your environment. And similar
					to Cookies, you can set your pixel tracking preferences via the
Cookie
						Preference Center
(
Your
						Privacy Choices
). Here are the types of data we collect:
The type of device the user used (desktop or mobile)
The type of operating system the user used, including mobile OS
Activities performed during the session
Screen resolution of clients
The client the user used (browser, mail program, etc.)
IP address
What time the user opened the email or visited the website
Listed below are Business Partners for whom pixel tracking has been
					enabled and their privacy policies:
DemandScience
– Information regarding the privacy
					and data collection practices is located at
https://demandscience.com/privacy-policy/
.
Google:
Information regarding the privacy and data
					collection practices for Google Analytics, Google Fonts, and Google Tag
					Manager is located at
https://www.google.com/privacy/privacy-policy.html
.
LinkedIn Analytics:
Information regarding the privacy
					and data collection practices for LinkedIn Analytics is located at
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
.
Microsoft:
Information about privacy and data
					collection practices for Microsoft is available at
https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/privacy
.
X (Twitter):
Information regarding the privacy and data collection practices for Twitter, Twitter Advertising, and Twitter analytics is located at
https://x.com/en/privacy
You can disable pixel tracking by rejecting cookies in your web browser
					and you can always change your preferences to reject marketing cookies in
					the
Cookie Preference
						Center
, also available from our home page as
“Your
						Privacy Choices”
.
How We Secure Personal Data
We are committed to protecting the security of Personal Data. We use a
					variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect Personal
					Data from unauthorized access, use and disclosure. For details about our
					data protection processes, please see our Information Security Policy and
					our Technical and Organizational Measures available on the
Security
						page
on this website. When you provide us with sensitive Personal Data (such as
					financial information) we encrypt that information via SSL. While we
					strive to protect your Personal Data, we cannot ensure or guarantee that
					the Personal Data or private communications you transmit to us will always
					remain confidential, and you do so at your own risk. If you have any
					questions regarding security, you can contact
					at
webmaster@quest.com
.
We and our affiliates maintain reasonable security measures to protect
					your information from loss, destruction, misuse, unauthorized access or
					disclosure. When you enter sensitive information (such as your login
					information) on our Website or connect to our Service, we may encrypt the
					transmission of that information. If you have any questions about security
					on our Website, you may contact us at
privacy@quest.com
When we use your Personal Data in connection with a SaaS product or
					service, the data will most often be encrypted both in transit and at
					rest.
					When we do engage third party providers for various services, including
					cloud hosting services for certain aspects of our offerings, we rely on
					the
					public policies and protections of those globally available services for
					the protections we apply to your Personal Data. For a breakdown of the
					policies of our primary cloud hosting service providers, please visit the
					Security Guide(s) for the products you are purchasing or using.
Public Forums
This Website offers publicly accessible blogs or community forums. You
					should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be
					read, collected, and used by others who access them. To request removal of
					your Personal Data from our blog or community forum, contact us at
webmaster@quest.com
.
					In some cases, we may not be able to remove your Personal Data, in which
					case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.
Transfer of Personal Data
Personal Data we collect may be stored and processed in the United
					States or any other country in which the entities represented by our
					affiliates, subsidiary companies or Business Partners maintain facilities.
					We provide appropriate levels of protection to safeguard your Personal
					Data including providing adequate protection for any transfer of Personal
					Data to a country outside the EU/EEA. These safeguards include data
					protection agreements, incorporating the new EU standard contractual
					clauses, and the Data Privacy Framework.
Your Data Subject Rights
If you would like to exercise any of your rights, or receive more
					information about them, please contact us via “
preferences.quest.com/privacy
.
					We promptly respond to all requests from individuals seeking to exercise
					their rights described in this Privacy Policy and pursuant to applicable
					data protection laws. Please note that some of the following rights may
					not
					be applicable to your situation:
Right of access:
You have the right to gain access to
					information about the personal data that we process about you. Should you
					have any questions regarding the processing or want more insight into the
					personal data we process from you, you are always welcome to contact us,
					and we will provide you with further information.
Right to rectification:
You have the right to get your
					personal data updated or corrected. Upon your request to us, we will
					promptly correct your information inaccurately stored by us and/or
					supplement incomplete personal data completed by including a supplementary
					statement provided by you.
Right to erasure/right to be forgotten:
You have the
					right to request that we permanently delete your personal information. You
					can make such a request if you, for example, believe that the personal
					data are no longer necessary in relation to the purpose for which the
					personal data were collected or otherwise processed.
Right to restrict the processing activities:
You have
					the right to restrict our processing activities. If you choose to restrict
					our processing activities regarding certain personal data, note that you
					may not be able to use our Website properly.
Right to data portability:
You have the right to
					transfer your Personal Data, when possible.
Right to object:
You have the right to object to the
					processing of your Personal Data that is carried out on the basis of
					legitimate interests, such as direct marketing.
Right Not to be Subject to Automated Decision-Making:
You have the right not to be subject to automated decision-making,
					including profiling, which produces legal effects. We and our affiliates
					do
					not currently engage in the foregoing on our websites or in our products
					and services.
If you are unsatisfied with the way we treat your Personal Data, you may
					reach out to us via email at privacy@quest.com to discuss the issue.
					However, you always have the right to lodge a complaint to our third-party
					dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
or to a supervisory authority.
Your California Privacy Rights
The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) and the
					California Privacy Rights Act (CPRA) , give California residents certain
					rights relating to the way we collect, disclose, and use your Personal
					Data. At Quest,
we do not sell Personal Data
. Our website
					is configured to honor your Global Privacy Control (GPC) preferences.
We support the following:
Right to Know.
You have the right to request that we
						disclose what Personal Data we collect, use and disclose, and when and
						how
						we do so.
Right to Deletion.
You have the right to request that
						we delete Personal Data of yours we may have collected or maintained.
Right to Opt-Out of the Sale.
You have the right to
						opt-out of the sale of your Personal Data. Quest does not sell Personal
						Data and has not sold Personal Data.
Right to Designate an Agent.
You may also designate
						someone else as an authorized agent to make any of these requests your
						behalf.
• Right to Limit the Use of Sensitive Personal Data.
Quest does not collect or use Sensitive Personal Data from prospects or
						customers, except in very limited circumstances and for purposes
						explicitly authorized by you and for no other reason. You have the right
						to request that we limit the use of your Sensitive Personal Data.
To submit any of these requests ,visit
preferences.quest.com/privacy
and complete the request form. Upon receipt of a completed request form,
					we
					will send an email to authenticate the request. When we receive
					confirmation, we will begin processing the request. Upon completion of the
					request, we will send a final email reporting the results.
Alternatively, you may call 1 888 820 4606 to submit a request. The data
					you provide during that call will be entered into our data subject request
					management system, which will then follow the same process as described
					above starting with an email requesting authentication confirmation.
Data Privacy Framework
Quest complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF),
					the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy
					Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce
					(collectively, the “Frameworks”). Quest has certified to the
					U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy
					Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the
					processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance
					on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance
					on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Quest has certified to the U.S.
					Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy
					Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the
					processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the
					Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy
					policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF
					Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data
					Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please
					visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
Under the Frameworks, we are responsible for the processing of Personal
					Data that we receive from our customers and subsequently transfer to a
					third party acting as an agent on our behalf. We comply with the
					Frameworks Principles for all onward transfers of personal data from the
					EU, United Kingdom (UK), and Switzerland, including the onward transfer
					liability provisions.
With respect to Personal Data received or transferred pursuant to the
					Frameworks, we are subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the
					U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, we may be required
					to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public
					authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement
					requirements.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Quest commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information. EU, UK and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact us via our web form. If you are an individual in the EU, UK, or Switzerland and have a question or complaint related to participation by Quest in the DPF Frameworks, we encourage you to contact your employer if your employer has a contract with us for the provision of services or contact us via our web form. For any complaints related to individuals of the EU, UK, or Switzerland who are not otherwise governed by a contract between Quest and your employer, and that Quest cannot resolve directly (related to the DPF Framework), we have chosen Truste, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit TRUSTe for more information or to file a complaint. These dispute resolution services are provided at no cost to you at:
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
.
Retention Periods
We retain your Personal Data as long as it is necessary for the purposes
					stated above, if not stated otherwise in this Privacy Policy. We will
					retain and use your Personal Data as necessary to comply with our legal
					obligations, resolve disputes, enforce our agreements, and for other
					necessary business purposes.
Effective Date and Notification of Changes to our Privacy policy
This Privacy Policy is effective as of November 1, 2024 and is reviewed
					periodically. We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any
					time. If we materially change this Privacy Policy, we will post a
					prominent notice on this Website. Changes are effective as of the date we
					post them on the Privacy Policy page of this Website. We encourage you to
					periodically review this Privacy Policy.
Contact Us
If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your
					information to provide you services, contact us at
listmaster@quest.com
.
					If you would like to request to view, correct or delete your personal
					information, submit your request at
https://preferences.quest.com/privacy
.
					If you have questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, please
					contact us
webmaster@quest.com
or
					via postal mail at 20 Enterprise, Suite 100, Aliso Viejo, CA 92656.
If you are an individual in the EU, UK, or Switzerland and have a
					question or complaint related to participation by Quest in the DPF
					Frameworks, we encourage you to contact your employer if your employer has
					a contract with us for the provision of services or contact us via our web
					form. For any complaints related to individuals of the EU, UK, or
					Switzerland who are not otherwise governed by a contract between Quest and
					your employer, and that Quest cannot resolve directly (related to the DPF
					Framework), we have chosen Truste, an alternative dispute resolution
					provider based in the United States.
As further explained in the DPF Principles, binding arbitration is
					available to EU, Swiss, and UK individuals to address residual complaints
					not resolved by other means. Quest is subject to the investigatory and
					enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC).
Page last reviewed October 23, 2024.