GayCities Privacy Policy
Last modified
: January 12, 2023
Introduction
GayCities, a California corporation (
“Company,” “we,” “us,” or “our”
) respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your privacy rights through our compliance with this privacy policy (our “
Privacy Policy
”).
This Privacy Policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit the website
https://www.gaycities.com
(our “
Website
“) and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information.
This Privacy Policy applies to
  information we collect:
On our Website;
In email, text, and other electronic messages between you and this Website;
When you interact with our advertising materials on third-party websites and services, if those advertising materials click through to our Website and/or to this Privacy Policy; and
When you provide information to us at any in-person live events we host (“Live Event”) and you submit a completed form with information to us at the Live Event.
It does not apply to information
  collected by:
Except for the Live Events as described above, any information collected by us offline or through any other means, including on any other website operated by Company or any third party (including our parent company, affiliates and subsidiaries); or
Any third party (including our parent company, affiliates and subsidiaries), including through any content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from or on the Website. If you click a link on our Website that links you to a third party website, please review the third party website’s privacy policy carefully to understand the third party website’s data practices.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, please do not to use our Website. By accessing or using this Website, you agree to this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy may change from time to time (see
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
). Your continued use of this Website after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the Privacy Policy periodically for updates.
Children Under the Age of 16
Our Website is not intended for children under 16 years of age. No one under age 16 may provide any information to or on the Website. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 16. If you are under 16, do not use or provide any information on this Website or through any of its features, register on the Website, make any purchases through the Website, use any of the interactive or public comment features of this Website, or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, email address, and/or any social media account or user name you may use in connection with the Website. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 16 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 16, please contact us at
privacy@gaycities.com
.
Information We Collect About You and How We Collect It
We collect several types of information from and about users of our Website, including information:
By which you may be personally identified, such as name, e-mail address, telephone number, your social media user name as provided by Twitter, Facebook, or any other social media account that you may use to connect to our Website where such information can be used by us to individually identify you;
That is about you but individually does not identify you, such as your zip code, IP addresses, the duration of time you visited certain parts of our Website, the articles that were clicked, which advertisements were interacted with, and other similar non-identifying information; and/or
About your internet connection, the equipment you use to access our Website, and usage details.
We collect this information:
Directly from you when you provide it to us. Personal information is only collected if you provide it directly to us, except device identifying information, such as your IP address or Device ID is collected automatically and may be considered to be personal information in your jurisdiction;
Automatically as you navigate through the site. Information collected automatically may include usage details, user agent information, IP addresses, Device IDs, and information collected through cookies and third party pixels on our Websites; and/or
From third parties. For example, our parent company, affiliates, subsidiaries, and/or from third party social media companies (“Social Media Companies”) if you login to your social media account using the connection portal on the Website, including but not limited to, Facebook and Twitter. To control the information Social Media Companies share with us, please visit the Social Media Companies’ privacy policies to learn how you can control certain privacy settings. gaycities will never share any Personal Information with third parties, except to service providers who are required not to disclose the information for any other purpose except to enable us to provide our services to you and except your IP address may be disclosed to third party advertising companies to show you advertisements on our Website.
Information You Provide to Us
The information we collect on or through our Website may include:
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our Website, which are not required to be completed as a condition of accessing or visiting our Website. This includes information provided at the time of registering for an account on our Website, subscribing to our email newsletters, posting material, or requesting further services. We may also ask you for information when you enter a sweepstakes, contest, or promotion sponsored by us, and when you report a problem with our Website;
Records and copies of your correspondence (including email addresses), if you contact us;
Your responses to surveys that we might ask you to complete for research purposes;
Details of transactions you carry out through our Website and of the fulfillment of your orders. You may be required to provide financial information before placing an order through our Website; and/or
Your search queries on the Website.
You also may provide information to be
  published or displayed (hereinafter, “Posted”) on public areas of the
  Website, or transmitted to other users of the Website or third parties
  (collectively, “User Contributions”). Your User Contributions are Posted
  on and transmitted to others at your own risk. Although we limit access to
  certain pages, please be aware that no security measures are perfect or
  impenetrable. Additionally, we cannot control the actions of other users of the
  Website with whom you may choose to share your User Contributions. Therefore,
  we cannot and do not guarantee that your User Contributions will not be viewed
  by unauthorized persons. If you leave a comment anywhere on our Website, we
  collect the data shown in the comments form, and also your IP address and
  browser user agent string to help spam detection.
Information We Collect Through Automatic Data Collection Technologies
As you navigate through and interact
  with our Website, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect
  certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns,
  including:
Details of your visits to our Website, including traffic data, location data, logs, and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Website.
Information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address, operating system, and browser type.
The information we collect automatically does not include personal
  information, except for device identifying information such as your IP address
  or Device ID, which may be considered personal information in your jurisdiction.
  The information we collect automatically helps us to improve our Website and to
  deliver a better and more personalized service, including by enabling us to:
Estimate our audience size and usage patterns.
Store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our Website according to your individual interests.
Speed up your searches.
Recognize you when you return to our Website.
Show advertisements on our website.
The technologies we use, and which third party advertisers may use, for this automatic data collection may include:
Cookies (or browser cookies).
A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our Website. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Website.
Flash Cookies.
Certain features of our Website may use local stored objects (or Flash cookies) to collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to, from, and on our Website. Flash cookies are not managed by the same browser settings as are used for browser cookies. For information about managing your privacy and security settings for Flash cookies, see
Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information
.
Web Beacons.
Pages of our Website and our e-mails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit the Company, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an email and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).
Third-Party Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
Some content, including advertisements, on the Website are served by third-parties, including advertisers, ad networks and servers, and content providers. These third parties may use cookies alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies to collect information about you when you use our Website. The information they collect may be associated with your personal information or they may collect information, including personal information, about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services. They may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content.
We do not control these third parties’ tracking technologies or how they may be used. If you have any questions about an advertisement or other targeted content, you should contact the responsible provider directly. For information about how you can opt out of receiving targeted advertising from many providers, see
Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information
.
How We Use Your Information
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information:
To present our Website and its contents to you;
To show you relevant ads, which includes but is not limited to, sending you retargeted ads to show ads tailored to your interests;
To provide you with information, products, or services that you request from us;
To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it;
To provide you with notices about your account;
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection;
To notify you about changes to our Website or any products or services we offer or provide though it;
To allow you to participate in interactive features on our Website;
In any other way we may describe when you provide the information; and/or
For any other purpose with your consent.
We may also use your information to contact you about our own and third-parties’ goods and services that may be of interest to you. If you do not want us to use your information in this way, please click the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any email newsletter we send you. For more information, see
Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information
.
We may use the information we have collected from you to enable us to display advertisements to our advertisers’ target audiences. Even though we do not disclose your personal information for these purposes without your consent, if you click on or otherwise interact with an advertisement, the advertiser may assume that you meet its target criteria.
Disclosure of Your Information
We may disclose aggregated information about our users, and
  information that does not identify any individual, without restriction.
We may disclose personal information and non-personal
  information that we collect or you provide as described in this Privacy Policy:
To our parent company, subsidiaries, and/or affiliates;
To contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business and who are bound by contractual obligations to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them. An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to determine if you are using Gravatar’s services. To understand Gravatar’s data practices, please visit the
Gravatar service
privacy policy
. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment;
To Google when our Website uses Google Analytics, a service which transmits website traffic data to Google servers in the United States. We use reports provided by Google Analytics to help us understand website traffic and webpage usage and we report information about aggregate usage (eg. how many visitors come to a certain section of the site) to current and potential advertisers. We also use Google Analytics Advertising Features to enable better targeting and quality of Google served advertisement.  By using our Website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner described in
Google’s
Privacy Policy
and for the purposes set out above. You can opt out of Google Analytics and Advertising features if you disable or refuse the cookie, disable JavaScript, or
use the opt-out service provided by Google
.
To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Company’s assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by Company about our Website users is among the assets transferred;
To third parties to market their products or services to you if you have not opted out of these disclosures. However, please know that only your IP address is disclosed to these third parties. We do not disclose any personal information to third party marketing companies, except personal information may be disclosed in jurisdictions where an IP address is considered to be personal information. We contractually require these third parties to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them. For more information, see
Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information
;
To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it. For example, if you give us an email address to use the “email a friend” feature of our Website, we will transmit the contents of that email and your email address to the recipients;
For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information; and/or
With your consent.
We may also disclose your personal information:
To comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request;
To enforce or apply our Terms of Use; and/or
If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of Company, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection.
Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal
  information you provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with
  the following control over your information:
Tracking Technologies and Advertising.
You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. To learn how you can manage your Flash cookie settings, visit the Flash player settings page on Adobe’s website. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this site may then be inaccessible or not function properly.
Promotional Offers from the Company.
If you do not wish to have your email address used by the Company to promote our own or third parties’ products or services, you can opt-out by sending us an email stating your request to
privacy@gaycities.com
. If we have sent you a promotional email, you may send us a return email using the unsubscribe link provided in the email.
We do not control third parties’ collection or use of your
  information to serve interest-based advertising. However these third parties
  may provide you with ways to choose not to have your information collected or
  used in this way. You can opt out of receiving targeted ads from members of the
  Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”) on the NAI’s website. If you
  are located in the European Union, you may prefer to use the EDAA opt out.
  Because these third parties opt-outs are cookie-based, your browser must be set
  to accept third party cookies. If you use multiple devices or browsers, you’ll
  have to opt out on each. If you delete the opt out cookie, you will need to
  opt-out again.
You can also opt-out of receiving targeted ads we may show from the Quantcast network by
clicking here
. After you opt-out, please be aware that you may continue to be shown ads, but the ads will not be tailored to you based on your interests.
California residents may have additional personal information rights and choices. Please see
Your California Privacy Rights
for more information.
Nevada residents who wish to exercise their sale opt-out rights under Nevada Revised Statutes Chapter 603A may submit a request to this designated address:
privacy@gaycities.com
.
Your California Privacy Rights
If you are a California resident, California law may provide you with additional rights regarding our use of your personal information. To learn more about your California privacy rights, visit our
CCPA PRIVACY NOTICE FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
.
California’s “Shine the Light” law (Civil Code Section § 1798.83) permits users of our Website that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to
privacy@gaycities.com
.
Your Rights Under the General Data Protection Regulation
  (GDPR)
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area
  (including the United Kingdom), we are subject to various laws which apply
  across the European Union (including in the United Kingdom), and we are
  responsible as “controller” of any personal information we collect for the
  purposes of those laws.
Right to Access
The right to be provided with a copy of your personal
  information (the right of access)
Right to Rectification
The right to require us to correct any mistakes in your
  personal information
Right to be Forgotten
The right to require us to delete your personal
  information—in certain situations
Right to Restriction of Processing
The right to require us to restrict processing of your
  personal information—in certain circumstances, e.g. if you contest the
  accuracy of the data
Right to Data Portability
The right to receive the personal information you provided
  to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and/or
  transmit that data to a third party—in certain situations
Right to Object
The right to object:
at any time to your personal information being processed
  for direct marketing (including profiling);
in certain other situations to our continued processing of
  your personal information, e.g. processing carried out for the purpose of our
  legitimate interests.
Right Not to be Subject to Automated Individual
  Decision-Making
The right not to be subject to a decision based solely on
  automated processing (including profiling) that produces legal effects
  concerning you or similarly significantly affects you
For further information on each of those rights, including the circumstances in which they apply, see the guidance from the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) on individual rights under the General Data Protection Regulation. If you would like to exercise of the above rights, please email our Data Protection Officer at
privacy@gaycities.com
.
We hope that our Data Protection Officer can resolve any query or concern you raise about our use of your information.
The General Data Protection Regulation also gives you right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in the European Union (or European Economic Area) state where you work, normally live, or where any alleged infringement of data protection laws occurred.
Data Security
We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal
  information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration,
  and disclosure. All information you provide to us is stored on our secure
  servers behind firewalls.
The safety and security of your information also depends on
  you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access
  to certain parts of our Website, you are responsible for keeping this password
  confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone. We urge you to
  be careful about giving out information in public areas of the Website like
  message boards. The information you share in public areas may be viewed by any
  user of the Website.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our Website. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Website.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
It is our policy to post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this page. If we make material changes to how we treat our users’ personal information, we will notify you by email to the email address specified in your account and/or through a notice on the Website home page. The date the Privacy Policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable email address for you, and for periodically visiting our Website and this privacy policy to check for any changes.
Contact Information
To ask questions or comment about this Privacy Policy and our privacy practices, contact us at:
Email:
privacy@gaycities.com
Postal Mail Address:
Gaycities
584 Castro St. #623
San Francisco, CA 94114
You need to be logged in to go any further.
Username or Email
Password
Forgot password?
Sign in
Don't have an account?
Register now