Company Policies
Purchases and Refunds
100% Satisfaction Guarantee
Because we want you to be 100% satisfied with your purchase, we offer our products as “try before you buy.” Our products are fully functional, allowing you to determine, before you purchase, if the product is right for you. However, if you are not fully satisfied within 30 days we will gladly exchange the game for another or offer you a refund. Our products are also offered through partner web sites such as PalmGear and Handango. Any purchases from our partners will need to be refunded through them. However, we are happy to provide any assistance.
Privacy Policy
Nothing is more important to us than our relationship with you. Honoring that relationship means respecting your privacy.
At times we may ask for certain information (such as your name, address, and phone number) in order to accept an online order or answer your question. You can surf Smart Box Design’s site without telling us who you are or sharing any personal information.
We do not collect personal information for the purpose of sharing with other businesses independent of Smart Box Design.
If you elect to be included on our mailing list, we may send you occasional promotions and discounts or upgrade notification emails. You may of course be removed from the list at any time simply by emailing us. If you choose not to be on our mailing list, we may occasionally contact you in regards to updates or changes to software you purchased.
If you have questions or concerns about privacy, please feel free to contact us at: support@smartboxdesign.com
Trademarks
Smart Box Games, the Smart Box Games logo, its web site and associated trade dress are trademarks of Smart Box Games, Inc. All other brand names, product names or trademarks are the property of their respective owners.
Coupons and Specials
Smart Box Design coupons cannot be combined. Only one coupon per transaction.
Children
Smart Box Design does not sell products for purchase by children. We sell products for purchase by adults. If you are under 18, you may use Smart Box Design Software only with the involvement of a parent or guardian.
Conditions of Use, Notices, and Revisions
If you choose to visit Smart Box Games, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Notice and our Conditions of Use, including limitations on damages, arbitration of disputes, and application of the law of the state of Washington. If you have any concern about privacy at Smart Box Design, please contact us at support@smartboxdesign.com and we will try to resolve it.
Our business changes constantly, and our Privacy Notice and the Conditions of Use will change also.