anishu
Finances
HomeBudget
Mileage Logs
BizExpense
Debt Strategy
Contact Us
PRIVACY POLICY
This privacy policy governs your use of the
software applications ("Application") created by Anishu, Inc.
What information does the
Application obtain and how is it used?
User Provided Information
We collect the information that you directly
provide to us. When you contact us for support, either directly via email or
via the Troubleshooting section of the application, the information we collect
includes your name, email address, and any other troubleshooting information
that you provide to us.
We may use the information you provided us to
contact you from time to time to provide you with important information that
help with the usage of the application.
Automatically Collected Information
When You Use The
Application
In addition, the Application may collect certain
information automatically, including, but not limited to the type of mobile device you use,
 your mobile devices unique device ID, and your
mobile operating system.
When you sign up for Cloud Sync with the Finances application, we collect your email address. In addition, when using this service, we store the latest backup data and the as well as the entries you make in the application on our servers. This information is accessible only from your devices over a secure HTTPS connection.
Does the Application
collect precise real time location information of the device?
When you use the mileage tacking applications, we use GPS
technology (or other similar technology) to determine your current location in
order to determine the start and stop points for your vehicle. Such information
is recorded within the application and presented to you via the user interface.
In addition, we may log such information to help improve the working of the
determination algorithm.
We will not share your current location with
other users or partners. If you do not want us to use your location for the
purposes set forth above, you should turn off the location services for the
mobile application located in your account settings or in your mobile phone
settings and/or within the mobile application.
Do third parties see and/or
have access to information obtained by the Application?
We may share your information only in the ways
that are described in this privacy statement. We may disclose User Provided and
Automatically Collected Information:
-
as required by law, such as to comply with a
subpoena, or similar legal process;
-
when we believe in good faith that disclosure is
necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others,
investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;
What are my opt-out rights?
You can stop all collection of information by
the Application easily by uninstalling the Application. You may use the
standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device
or via the mobile application marketplace or network.
Data Retention Policy,
Managing Your Information
We will retain User Provided data for as long as
you use the Application and for a reasonable time thereafter. We will retain
Automatically Collected information for up to 24 months and thereafter may
store it in aggregate. If you'd like us to delete User Provided Data that you
have provided via the Application, please contact us at support@anishu.com and
we will respond in a reasonable time. Please note that some or all of the User
Provided Data may be required in order for the Application to function
properly.
Security
We are concerned about safeguarding the
confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and
procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For
example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees and
contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or
improve our Application. Please be aware that, although we endeavor provide
reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system
can prevent all potential security breaches.
Changes
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to
time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by
posting the new Privacy Policy here. You are advised to consult this
Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval
of all changes.
Your Consent
By using the Application, you are consenting to
our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and
as amended by us. "Processing", means using cookies on a computer/hand
held device or using or touching information in any way, including, but not
limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing
information, all of which activities will take place in the United States. If
you reside outside the United States your information will be transferred,
processed and stored there under United States privacy standards.
Contact us
If you have any questions regarding privacy
while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please
contact us via email at support@anishu.com.