login
Login
person_add
Register
Home
Apps
History
Metrics
Blog
Login
Register
Terms of Use
By accessing the website at Speedsmart.net, you are agreeing to be bound by these terms of service, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this website are protected by applicable copyright and trademark law. Users agree that they will not post any material that is defamatory, infringing, obscene or otherwise unlawful.
We do not guarantee any information or speed test results provided, we disclaim any liabilities for any information we carry. Any information you contribute to the site or app becomes our property. We reserve the right to remove any results, posts, or user accounts, for any reason whatsoever. The service and the materials are provied by SpeedSmart.net on a "AS IS" basis. In no event shall SpeedSmart.net be liable for any loss of profits or any direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, or consequential damages of any kind what so ever with respect to the service, the materials and the products, irrespective of whether SpeedSmart.net has been advised of the possibitly of such loss, damage's, or injury.
Permission is granted to use the service on SpeedSmart.net's website or app for personal, or commercial use. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:
1:
Modify or copy the materials;
2:
Attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on Speedsmart.net website or apps;
3:
Remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the website or apps;
4:
Transfer the materials to another person or "mirror" the materials on any other server.
This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by SpeedSmart.net at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.
SpeedSmart.net may revise these terms of service for its website at any time without notice. By using this website you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these terms of service.
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us.
It is SpeedSmart.net's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our website and we are strongly against Spam, Adware and Spyware. Accordingly, we have developed this privacy policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate, disclose and otherwise make use of personal information. We have outlined our privacy policy below.
Information Sharing:
SpeedSmart.net does not sell, rent or loan any personal information collected on or by our site or apps, including email addresses. Information such as Download, Upload, Ping, and ISP name maybe used for statistical information purposes, but no personal information will be used.
Cookies:
This website does not store any information that would, on its own, allow us to identify individual users of this service. Any cookies that may be used by this website are used either solely on a per session basis or to maintain user preferences.
Third Party Cookies:
We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads to you on SpeedSmart.net. Advertisers may use information about websites you have visited in order to provide relative advertisements to you. If you would like more information about this,
click here
.
Result Sharing Privacy:
Sharing to many social networks is easy on SpeedSmart.net and to protect your privacy no personal information such as IP address and Location is included with any result shared though a image or publicly view-able web page.
Browser Information Collected:
Cookies that are used by SpeedSmart are soley for the functionality of the our service, any information collected is for that sole purpose and we don't collect any information that is not 100% related to our type of service. Third-parties may use cookies for other reasons such as advertising.
Data Removal:
Your privacy and keeping your data safe is very important to us. If you ever want to export all data from Speedsmart, simply go to the history page and click the export button. If you wish to have your data removed completely, click the user icon at the top right corner when logged in, click settings, then click clear all data, and follow the prompt.
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained. SpeedSmart.net may change this privacy policy from time to time at SpeedSmart.net sole discretion.
Close
x