The purpose of this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) is to inform visitors regarding our policies relating to the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information of anyone deciding to use our service and can be printed for reference by using the print command in the settings of any browser.
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, the terms “we”, “us” and “our” refer to
MSSW Solutions Ltd
, which is providing the following services: the app, which refers to the software application “
Boatie
”.  “You” refers to you, as a user of this app, as applicable
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which are accessible from the app unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that we request may be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.
Types of Data collected: –
Email Address
– when freely provided through the app or this website for the purpose of requesting support or for providing direct feedback.  We will not share your email address or use it for marketing purposes.
Subscriber Information
– To manage and verify your subscription, we must process your digital purchase receipts from Apple. This includes only information about the type and time of purchase, along with a unique pseudo-anonymised random user identifier, which we use to match your subscription across devices in our system. We do not receive any contact or payment information, nor do we have access to your Apple ID. In addition, we collect data about redeemed trials and promotional codes. We may also use this pseudonymised data for statistical reasons and fraud protection.
Diagnostic Data (Optional)
– To improve the quality of our services and to identify and solve specific problems, we occasionally solicit reports such as diagnostic reports from our customers. This is optional and requires your explicit consent.
Data Storage
Personal Content:
Content that you create within the app, e.g., recent ports, user settings, gpx files, is stored locally on your device, and/or in certain cases synchronised across your devices, in which case the data is also stored in your iCloud account.  For the avoidance of doubt, we do not have access to this data.
Purchased Content
: Digital purchase receipts for are generated by Apple and processed locally on your device (except those concerning subscriptions). These are required to verify any purchases you may have made.
Subscriber Information and Purchase Statistics:
Your digital purchase receipts, as well as redeemed trial and promotional codes, are also stored on RevenueCat’s servers. RevenueCat enables us to validate subscriptions and create purchase statistics. This data may be temporarily transferred to other devices or services for analytics purposes.
Customer Support Emails:
We use Microsoft’s M365 platform for customer support emails and which therefore are stored on Microsoft’s servers. This data may be temporarily transferred to other devices or services for analytics purposes.
Data Processors
Depending on your usage of our services, especially the use of the app or means of communication with us (e.g., for purposes like support), your personal data might be processed by the following services: –
RevenueCat
To facilitate in-app purchases and subscriptions, we use a service named RevenueCat.  RevenueCat provides us with data on when you first used the app, when you last used the app, and how much money you spent on in-app purchases in the app.  No other information (e.g., IP address, name, email etc.) is collected or transmitted.
RevenueCat privacy policy:
revenuecat.com/privacy
Microsoft
Microsoft hosts our email platform.  Should you contact us via email (e.g., for support), Microsoft may process Personally Identifiable information provided by you, such as name or email address
Microsoft privacy policy:
privacy.microsoft.com/en-us
Your Consent
By choosing to use the service you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. Any Personal Information that we collect is used for the sole purpose of providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us. It should be noted however that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Contacting You
By submitting a request for support from the app or this website, you authorise us to use these details to reply as appropriate to the request being made.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. You are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new privacy policy on this page.
This policy is effective as of 1
st
July 2022
Contacting Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at hello@msswsolutions.com