Privacy and Terms of Service
Hopefully Useful Software Privacy Policy
It is Hopefully Useful Software's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while you use our applications.
Non Personal Data
Like most applications, Hopefully Useful Software collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that is usually available, such as the device type, firmware version and geographical information no more accurate than your metropolitan area. Hopefully Useful Software's purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Hopefully Useful Software's customers use its applications. From time to time, Hopefully Useful Software may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Hopefully Useful Software collates this data via
Flurry Analytical Software
.  Flurry does not collect or store any personally identifiable information. For more information, see Flurry
Privacy Policy
.
Personally-Identifying Information
With the exception of signing up to one of our newsletters, Hopefully Useful Software does not collect or use any personal data that may be used to identify or contact you. Hopefully Useful Software does not collect or use names, email addresses, photos, telephone numbers, credit cards numbers, account numbers or other information that would enable us to identify you.
If you do signup for one of our newsletters we will never give or sell your email address to anyone other than those stated on the signup form.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Hopefully Useful Software may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Hopefully Useful Software's sole discretion. Hopefully Useful Software encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of our applications after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Hopefully Useful Software Terms of Service
1. Terms
By accessing the website at
http://hopefullyuseful.com
, you are agreeing to be bound by these terms of service, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this website are protected by applicable copyright and trademark law.
2. Use License
Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials (information or software) on Hopefully Useful Software's website for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:
modify or copy the materials;
use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial);
attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on Hopefully Useful Software's website;
remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or
transfer the materials to another person or "mirror" the materials on any other server.
This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by Hopefully Useful Software at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.
3. Disclaimer
The materials on Hopefully Useful Software's website are provided on an 'as is' basis. Hopefully Useful Software makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties including, without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights.
Further, Hopefully Useful Software does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its website or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.
4. Limitations
In no event shall Hopefully Useful Software or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on Hopefully Useful Software's website, even if Hopefully Useful Software or a Hopefully Useful Software authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
5. Accuracy of materials
The materials appearing on Hopefully Useful Software website could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. Hopefully Useful Software does not warrant that any of the materials on its website are accurate, complete or current. Hopefully Useful Software may make changes to the materials contained on its website at any time without notice. However Hopefully Useful Software does not make any commitment to update the materials.
6. Links
Hopefully Useful Software has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its website and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Hopefully Useful Software of the site. Use of any such linked website is at the user's own risk.
7. Modifications
Hopefully Useful Software may revise these terms of service for its website at any time without notice. By using this website you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these terms of service.
8. Governing Law
These terms and conditions are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Perth, Western Australia and you irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in that State or location.