This website uses cookies.
Learn more
Accept
PRINT
PRIVACY
POLICY OF BUXFER, INC.
NOTICE
:
THIS PRIVACY POLICY STATEMENT COMPLETELY MODIFIES, REPLACES AND REPEALS
THE PRIOR PRIVACY POLICY OF BUXFER, INC.
ADOPTED
ON July 27, 2007
.
INTRODUCTION
.
PLEASE CAREFULLY READ THE ENTIRE PRIVACY POLICY STATEMENT AS STATED HEREIN
("Privacy Policy").
Buxfer
, Inc. (herein also referred to as "Us,"
"We," "Our," or "Company") is committed to respecting the privacy rights of its
Customers and Visitors (as defined herein) that access, interact and/or use the
services and/or products offered by the Company through its website located at
http://www.buxfer.com and/or mobile applications available through the Apple
Store, Google Play and Windows Store (collectively referred to in this
Agreement as the/this "Site").
The term
Visitor, as used herein, means an individual that simply browses the Site. The
term "Customer" as used herein, means an individual that registers or has
registered for a User Account with Us.
The term "YOU," "YOUR," or "User" refers to YOU as a Visitor or
Customer.
The term "User Account"
as used herein refers to any account that you register
for,
set up and/or create with the Company.
This Privacy
Policy is only applicable to the Site, and not to any other websites or
applications (whether Affiliated or not with Company) that YOU may be able to
access from the Site, each of which may have data collection, storage, and use
practices and policies that may differ materially from this Privacy
Policy.
Our Privacy Policy is designed to provide
notice and to help YOU understand the
collection
,
use
,
sharing
and
safeguarding
of the information YOU provide Us or that is obtained
by Us ("Information") when YOU visit, interact with or use the Site, create a
User Account, and/or
purchase
and/or use our products
and/or services ("Site Interactions").
BINDING
AGREEMENT
.
As a result of YOUR
Site Interactions, YOU agree and accept the terms of this Privacy Policy and Our
Terms of Use
, as amended, and consent
to our collection, storage, use and disclosure of YOUR Information, including
YOUR Personal Information as described in this Privacy Policy. YOU also agree
and consent to receiving this Privacy Policy electronically.
If YOU do not agree with any term of this
Privacy Policy, please do not interact with the Site, do not provide Us with YOUR
Information, including YOUR Personal Information, nor use any our products or
services. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully to understand what
We
do.
WHAT WE
COLLECT/ HOW WE COLLECT.
We
collect both Personal
Information and Non-Personal Information.
"Personal Information" refers to any personally
identifiable information (1) provided by YOU, (2) obtained by Us with YOUR
consent, or (3) which results from any transactions with YOU and/or any product(s)
and/or service(s) provided to or performed for YOU by Us, which is not publicly
available.
Personal information
does not include information that is anonymous, aggregated, or is no longer
identifiable to a specific person.  Personal Information
DOES
include information such as
YOUR name; YOUR residential or business address; YOUR email address; YOUR
social security number; YOUR
personal
financial data such as YOUR bank account numbers, credit card
number(s) or financial account number(s), financial transactions
(e.g. credit or debit
purchase information and other descriptions of financial transactions that can
be used to distinguish or trace an individual's identity) and YOUR secured
login information (including user
names and
passwords) with
third party financial institutions; and demographic data (such as YOUR zip
code, age, and income).
The types of Personal Information We
collect depend on the Site Interactions by YOU.
I
f YOU communicate with
Us
or YOUR User
Account by e-mail, or by text message, SMS, MMS, or otherwise complete online
forms, surveys, or contest entries, any personally identifiable information
provided in such communication may be collected as Personal Information.
Also, when YOU create a User Account on
the Site, any information or data that YOU input, download or consent to being
obtained, retrieved, or collected by the Company will be collected and stored,
which will contain Personal Information.
Moreover, if
YOU use other social media platforms such as GOOGLE, FACEBOOK,
MICROSOFT and YAHOO to log-in or set up your User Account ("Social Media
Log-in") the Company may collect the username, email address, any public
profile information or an opaque identifier pertaining to YOUR Social Media
Log-in; However, the Company will not obtain or have access to YOUR Social
Media Log-in password. If YOU chose to backup the data contained in YOUR User
Account to either YOUR
Dropbox
or Google Drive
accounts, the Company will obtain opaque identifiers in the form of access
tokens pertaining to these third party accounts.
Non-Personal
Information
refers
to information that cannot be used to personally identify YOU, such as anonymous
usage data, general demographic information We may collect, referring/exit
pages and URLs, platform types, preferences YOU submit and preferences that are
generated based on the data YOU submit and number of clicks.  Generally,
there is automatic collection of usage information, such as the numbers and
frequency of visitors to the Site and its components, similar to Television
ratings that indicate how many people watched a particular show.
The Company only uses this data in
aggregate form, that is, as a statistical measure, and not in a manner that
would identify YOU personally. This type of aggregate data enables
Us
to figure out how often users use parts of the Site and/or
our
products and services
so that We can make the Site
appealing to as many users as possible, and improve our quality of service.
We
also automatically track and collect the following categories of information
when YOU visit the Site: (1) IP addresses; (2) domain servers; (3) types of
computers accessing the Site; (4) types of web browsers used to access the Site;
and (5) pages visited by YOU (collectively "Traffic Data").
We use Traffic Data anonymously and not in
a way to personally identify YOU
.
The collection of this data is helpful for marketing purposes or for
improving YOUR experience on the Site. We also use "cookies" to customize
content specific to YOUR interests, to ensure that YOU do not see the same
advertisement repeatedly, and to store YOUR password so YOU do not have to
re-enter it each time YOU visit the Site. (See Below for Additional Information
on Cookies).
The Company also
records the details of YOUR transactions on the Site.
The collection of both
Personal Information and Non-Personal Information occurs with YOUR interaction
with the Site and the use of our product(s) and/or service(s). Therefore, YOU
can control the amount of Personal Information provided to the Company.
If YOU choose to limit the Personal
Information YOU to provide to the Company YOU may be limited to the type of
product(s) and/or service(s) and special or premium features or
memberships
that
may be offered or available to YOU.
The Company does not collect Personal
Information unless it is voluntarily provided by YOU to the Company, its
obtainment is consented by YOU, or the collection of such information is a
result of any transactions with YOU and/or product(s) or service(s) requested
by YOU to be provided to or performed for YOU by the Company.
Additional Information on Cookies.
Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that
We
transfer to YOUR computer's hard drive through YOUR browser to enable our
systems to recognize YOUR browser and tell Us how and when pages in our Site
are visited and by how many people.
Our cookies do not collect Personal Information, and
We
do not combine the general information collected through cookies with other
Personal Information to tell Us who YOU are or what YOUR screen name or email
address is.
Most browsers have an option for turning off the cookie feature,
which will prevent YOUR browser from accepting new cookies, as well as
(depending on the sophistication of YOUR browser software) allowing YOU to
decide on acceptance of each new cookie in a variety of ways. We require that
cookies be enabled for YOU to take advantage of the products and services
We
offer on the Site and their special/premium features
and/or memberships.
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
.
Buxfer
, Inc. uses the
information
We
collect to for everyday business
purposes as well as to operate, process, improve, and personalize the products
and/or services We offer. We also may use the information to communicate with YOU,
for example, informing YOU about YOUR User Account and security updates or to
offer YOU products and services that might be of interest to YOU.
HOW/WHY WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION; YOUR RIGHTS
TO LIMIT SHARING OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We will not, without YOUR consent, sell, publish
or share information YOUR Personal Information except as provided below.
We may share YOUR Personal Information as needed to process or
complete any transaction, maintain YOUR User Account or provide any service or
product that YOU have requested, chosen or authorized, with third party service
providers or our Affiliates, working on our behalf, including
marketing
our products or services. We will share YOUR information, including your Personal
Information, to third party service providers when providing YOU with technical
support and assistance.
We may share YOUR
Personal Information to offer products and services to YOU.
We may share YOUR Personal Information when required by law or to
respond to legal process. We may share YOUR Personal Information to comply with
Federal, State, or local laws, rules, and other applicable legal requirements;
to comply with a properly authorized civil, criminal, or regulatory
investigation or subpoena or summons by Federal, State, or local authorities;
or to respond to judicial process or government regulatory authorities having
jurisdiction over Us for examination, compliance, or other purposes as
authorized by law;
We may also share or disclose YOUR Personal Information with our
Affiliates, subsidiaries, attorneys, accountants, and auditors. We may share YOUR
information to resolve customer disputes and inquires or to persons acting in a
fiduciary or representative capacity on behalf of YOU.
We may share or disclose YOUR Personal Information to protect and
secure our user or Customer information and data; to maintain the security of
our services or products; to protect against or prevent actual or potential
fraud, unauthorized transactions, claims, or other liability and as otherwise
permitted by law.
If YOU choose to use the "Sync" feature, We will transmit
your log-in credentials to the necessary third party vendors and financial
institutions where you hold accounts to gather and maintain your account
balances, transactions and holdings used to provide this service.
If YOU choose to the use the "
Send Money
" feature,
We
will share and receive Personal Information from
PayPal, Inc. to help facilitate this service.
If YOU choose to use the
back-up feature
offered by Us, We will share/disclosure YOUR Personal information
with either Google, Inc. or
Dropbox
, Inc. to provide
this service.
All financial companies need to share customers' Personal Information
to run their everyday business. In the table below,
We
list the reasons why financial companies can share their customers' Personal
Information; the reasons We choose to share; and whether YOU can limit this
sharing. When YOU are no longer our customer,
We
may continue
to share YOUR information as described in this privacy statement.
Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all
sharing. Federal law also requires
Us
to tell YOU how We
collect, share and protect YOUR Personal Information.
Reasons We
  can share YOUR Personal Information
Does
Buxfer
, Inc. share?
Can YOU limit
  this sharing?
For our
  everyday business purposes—
such
as to process YOUR transactions, maintain YOUR
  account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to
  credit bureaus
YES
NO
For our marketing purposes—
to
offer products and services to YOU
YES
NO
For joint
  marketing with other financial companies
NO
NO
For our
  Affiliates' everyday business purposes—
information
about YOUR transactions and experiences
NO
NO
For our
  Affiliates' everyday business purposes—
information
about YOUR creditworthiness
NO
WE DON'T SHARE
For our
  Affiliates to market to YOU
NO
WE DON'T SHARE
For our
  Non-Affiliates to market to YOU
NO
WE DON'T SHARE
QUESTIONS?
CALL +1-855-527-7722 OR go to https://www.buxfer.com
WHY CAN'T I LIMIT ALL SHARING?
Federal Law
  gives YOU the right to limit only—
Sharing for Affiliates' everyday business
  purposes—information about YOUR creditworthiness.
Affiliate from using YOUR information to market to YOU
Sharing for
Nonaffiliates
to market to YOU
*State
  laws and individual companies may give YOU additional rights to limit
  sharing.
DEFINITIONS
"Affiliates
"
means companies related by common ownership or
  control.
Affiliates can be
  financial and nonfinancial companies.
"
Nonaffiliates
"
  means companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be
  financial or nonfinancial companies.
Non-affiliates
We
share with can include PayPal, Inc. (If YOU use
  the Send Money feature), Stripe, Inc.,
Dropbox
,
  Inc. (If YOU use the backup feature), Google Inc. (If YOU use the backup
  feature), and other third party service providers.
"Joint marketing" means a
  formal agreement between Nonaffiliated financial companies that together
  market financial products or services to YOU.
HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION
To protect the confidentiality, security and integrity of YOUR
Personal Information We develop, implement and maintain administrative,
technical and physical safeguards.
To prevent unauthorized access and use of YOUR Personal Information We
store such data on secured files, on secured servers, and in secured buildings
that are not accessible by third parties. We provide YOU with the capability to
transmit YOUR Personal Information via secured and encrypted channels if YOU
use a similarly equipped web browser and implement security measures designed
to protect YOUR information from unauthorized access.  YOUR User Account is
protected by YOUR account/profile password and
We
urge
YOU to take steps to keep YOUR Personal Information safe by not disclosing YOUR
password and by logging out of YOUR User Account after each use.  We
further protect YOUR information from potential security breaches by
implementing certain technological security measures including encryption,
firewalls and secure socket layer technology.  However, please note that
these measures DO NOT guarantee that YOUR Personal Information will not be
accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed by breach of such firewalls and
secure server software.  By YOUR Site Interactions, including but not
limited to, providing or consent to the collection of Personal Information and/or
requesting our products and/or services, YOU acknowledge that YOU understand
and agree to assume these risks.
LOCATION OF PROCESSED DATA.
The data We
process may be transferred to, stored, and processed in, the United States or
any other country in which the Company, its parent company or its Affiliates,
subsidiaries, or service providers maintain operations. By YOUR Site
Interactions and/or by providing information to
Us
through the Site, YOU agree and consent to the transfer, storage, and
processing of YOUR data to any such country.
USER ABILITY TO ACCESS,
UPDATE, AND CORRECT PERSONAL INFORMATION.
At any time, YOU may
visit YOUR User
A
ccount to
review, update or correct YOUR Personal Information that has been provided by YOU
or collected by
Us
.
YOU may choose to close or request that
We
delete YOUR account and YOUR associated data at any time.
Please visit
www.buxfer.com
or contact
Support@buxfer.com
for additional information.
We will use commercially reasonable efforts to remove YOUR data,
although some information may be retained. For example, some information may be
retained on a server or media, which is necessary to help ensure continued
availability of our products and services. We retain YOUR Personal Information
as long as necessary to provide the services YOU have requested. Additionally, We
may retain Personal Information to comply with law, prevent fraud, resolve
disputes, trouble shoot problems, enforce our Terms of Service/Use and as
permitted by applicable law.
Government Access & Mergers and
Acquisitions
We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to share or disclose
YOUR Personal Information with law enforcement, government officials, and other
regulatory agencies, as permitted by law.
If
Buxfer
, Inc. or its assets are
acquired by another company, or in the event of a merger, consolidation, change
in control, transfer of substantial assets, reorganization, or liquidation, We
may transfer, sell, or assign to third parties, information concerning YOUR
relationship with Us, including, without limitation, Personal Information and other
information concerning YOUR relationship with Us. Such third parties will
assume responsibility for the Personal Information collected by
Us
in connection with our business operations or through the
Site and such third parties will assume the rights and obligations regarding
such information as described in this Privacy Policy.
Sharing of Tracking Data with 3
rd
PartIes
(DISCLOSURE of Anonymized and Aggregated Data)
We may share or make available anonymous or aggregate information
that cannot be used to personally identify YOU with:
Third parties for research, marketing
and promotional purposes and those Third parties may publicly report the
findings of their research or analysis.
PROMOTIONAL
OFFERS/ OTHER INFORMATION
.
We may send offers to certain YOU on behalf of other businesses. However, when
We
do so, We do not give the other business YOUR Personal
Information. If YOU do not wish to receive these offers, please send an email to
Support@buxfer.com to unsubscribe from these promotional offers.
We may send legal
notices, periodic service-related alerts, weekly summaries, notifications,
newsletters, promotions, or other information via email to YOU.
If YOU do not wish to receive these types
of electronic communications, please send an email to Support@buxfer.com to
unsubscribe OR YOU may also follow the unsubscribe instructions in the email.
Please
note that YOU may not opt-out of receiving electronic communication with
respect to legal notices and/or certain service-related communications and
alerts that may be necessary by law or for the proper functioning and use of
the Company's business and/or products/services.
THIRD PARTY WEBSITES/PUBLIC
INFORMATION/CHILDREN
The Site contains may contain
links to other third party websites. We are not responsible for the privacy
practices or the content of or any products/services offered by such websites.
In the event that
We
make chat rooms,
forums, message boards available to YOU on the Site.
Please understand that any
information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information. We have
no control over its use and YOU should exercise caution when deciding to
disclose YOUR Personal Information.
CHILDREN
.
The Company's product and services are NOT
intended for children under the age of 13 and the Company does not knowingly
collect information from children.
GROUPS
Please note that with respect to the service feature referred to
as "
Groups
" in Our
Terms of Use, all information, including Personal Information, submitted,
transmitted, retrieved on YOUR behalf, displayed or shared with respect to this
feature is visible and accessible by all members of that particular Group. If
you chose to invite others to create a user account, using
Our
service, YOUR name and email address will be shared with the invitee.
UPDATES AND CHANGES TO PRIVACY POLICY.
We reserve the right, at any time and without prior notice, to add
to, change, update, modify or repeal this Privacy Policy, simply by posting
such change, update, or modification on the Site or by sending YOU notice via
email or postal mail.
Any such change, update, or modification
will be effective on the date of posting on the Site, delivery date of the
email or deposit date of the postal mail. YOUR
continued use of the Site and/or the Service following such
notices constitutes YOUR acceptance and agreement to abide to the terms as
modified.
If at any time YOU find
the Privacy Policy or Terms of Use unacceptable, YOU must immediately leave the
Site and cease all use of the Service and the Site. It is YOUR responsibility
to review this Privacy Policy and Our Terms of Use periodically.
QUESTIONS OR CONCERNS.
If YOU have questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy
Statement, our security practices and policies, or our information processing
practices please contact
Us
:
In writing: Attn: Privacy & Security,
Buxfer
Inc., 1030 E El Camino Real #114, Sunnyvale, CA 94087, USA.
Call
Us
at +1-855-527-7722.
Visit
Us
at https://www.buxfer.com
Email
Us
at
support@buxfer.com
Last revised Oct 10, 2017