PressReader Care
Explore Our Help Center
Legal
Follow
Version Effective Date:
24 August 2022
About this policy
Information covered by this policy
It’s all about you
Some Personal Information is required to access certain features or Services
We might ask for more Personal Information
We automatically collect certain information
Cookies (not the chocolate chip kind)
When we disclose Personal Information
Your Personal Information may be transferred
Exercising your Data Subject rights
How long do we keep your Personal Information
Privacy Notice for California Residents
For our UK and EU Users
Taking security seriously
Watch the kids
Spam
Ch-ch-changes (to this Privacy Policy)
Who can you contact for questions?
1. About this policy
Top
“
PressReader”
or “
We
” means PressReader Inc. or PressReader International Limited, depending on where you are located. For more information, please visit:
Countries
We are the data controller. We know your privacy is important to you.  It’s important to us, too. So this Privacy Policy will help you, as a user of the Services, understand what information we may gather about you, how we use it, and how we work to protect it.  This Privacy Policy forms part of the
Terms of Use
that govern your use of the Services.
Defined terms not otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy are defined in the Terms of Use. In visiting the Websites, downloading the App or otherwise using the Services, you are agreeing to the information practices outlined in this Privacy Policy, and to the Terms of Use. This Privacy Policy may change from time to time. Each time you use the Services, the current version of the Privacy Policy will apply and we encourage you to review it from time to time for updates.
Basically, if you’re using PressReader, you agree to this Privacy Policy.   If you don’t agree (but we hope you will), don’t use PressReader, and
delete your account
.
2. Information covered by this policy
Top
This Privacy Policy applies to Personal Information.  “
Personal Information
” is personally identifiable information that can be used to contact you or determine your identity.  When other information is linked to this personally identifiable information, it may also become Personal Information.
Depending on the privacy laws where you live, Personal Information may include your name, personal email address, phone number, billing information, shipping address, device ID or IP address, or account login credentials, such as your login for sites like Facebook, Twitter, Google, or other third party websites or apps (your “
Social Logins
”).
This Privacy Policy applies to Personal Information that you provide to us, or Personal Information provided to us on your behalf by a third party, including through a Social Login. For example, you may use login details from Facebook, Google, or Twitter in order to register with PressReader. Where your registration is paid for by one of PressReader’s business or institutional customers, you may also need to provide your login details with that business or institution (for example, a library card details for access through a public library).
We want to be clear: unless we or a third party tells you otherwise, we won’t ask a third party to hand over your Personal Information in order for us to provide you with the Services.  This Privacy Policy does
not
apply to the practices of those third parties with respect to how they collect or use Personal Information in the course of their own business. Also, this Privacy Policy does not cover the processing of Personal Information by advertisers and their service providers in connection with any advertisements from third parties you may see while using our Services, including any advertisements which may be integrated into the display of the PressReader Services, nor does it cover content in the Services that links to third party websites. You’ll have to check with them to find their privacy policy.
We might have your Personal Information because the PressReader Services host content licensed to PressReader by its publishers or copyright holders which may contain your Personal Information due to the events in which it’s referenced are of public relevance, as a result of the public notoriety of your Personal Information or because of circumstances that occur in events of public interest in which you’re the protagonist. According to the applicable law, the processing of your Personal Information might not require your consent and the exercise of your Data Subject Rights might be limited to allow freedom of expression in a democratic society.
3. It’s all about you
Top
Readers are at the centre of every decision we make at PressReader. We collect, use, share and process your Personal Information, we promise it’s only to provide access to the content you want and to make your PressReader experience even better. By “better” we mean, customized to you – we want to recommend stories and content we think you’ll love, and allow you to save and share the ones you do.
If you want to get technical about it, there are a number of reasons we collect and use your Personal Information.  For example, we do so in order to deliver the Services to you as required by the Terms of Use, including providing customer support to you when you need it.  We also use it to comply with our contractual obligations to our publishing partners, to help our product development team build a better PressReader product that better reflects your interests and to advertise our services to you and users sharing your characteristics on other sites and apps.
4. Some Personal Information is required to access certain features or Services
Top
Certain features or Services will only be available to you if you create a Registered Account.  When you create a Registered Account, we ask you for basic registration information, including your name and email address or Social Login through Facebook, Twitter, or Google.  This is the minimum information you will need to provide in order to create a Registered Account.   You will be required to create a Registered Account to fully use and enjoy the features associated with a Trial, Subscription, Single Issue Purchase, or Gifted Issue.
If you purchase a Subscription or make a Single Issue Purchase, we will also collect billing information such as your credit card number, expiry date, and billing address. We may also use payment processors in order to facilitate your payment. At PressReader, your credit or debit card information is stored securely, and encrypted appropriately.
Sponsored Access may not necessarily require you to create a Registered Account.
5. We might ask for more Personal Information
Top
We may ask you to volunteer additional Personal Information at other times, such as when you register we invite you to express your interests in categories of publication so that we can present publications likely to be of your interest, or when you provide opinions, post a Submission, enter a contest or promotion, or report a problem with the Services. You can choose not to provide us with this additional Personal Information, but it may mean that you cannot take advantage of the features, Services, contests or promotions associated with our request.
6. We automatically collect certain information
Top
When you submit a request for support or information, PressReader will keep a record of that support or information request, and the manner in which it was handled by us.
We also collect information about you as a user so we can make your experience more personal. We automatically receive and record information in our server logs from your browser, including your IP address, your computer or device’s name, the type and version of your web browser, referrer addresses, mobile device IDs, location information derived from GPS or similar features on your mobile device (where you have enabled such features and where you have given us permission to collect this information), date/time stamp, and other generally-accepted log information. We also record page views (hit counts), and capture information about your reading behavior.
We also use aggregated data of users in order to improve the Websites, the App, and the Services, to monitor traffic and general usage patterns, to inform publishers as to what content is appealing to certain users of the Services, to inform advertisers of the usage habits or characteristics of certain users of the Services, to advise potential investors so that they may better understand PressReader’s user base; and to provide you with an improved experience when using the Websites, the App, and the Services. Some of this data is anonymised and does not therefore constitute personal data.
We use third-party technology providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Site. This includes Google Analytics - for more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page:
http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
.
7. Cookies (not the chocolate chip kind)
Top
A cookie is a small amount of data which often includes an anonymous unique identifier that is sent to your browser from a website’s computers and stored on your computer’s hard drive.  Each website can send its own cookies to your browser if your browser’s preferences allow it. However, to protect your privacy, most browsers only permit a website to access the cookies that the same website has already sent to you,
not
the cookies sent to you by other sites.
PressReader sets and accesses our own cookies on your computer and uses pixels, APIs and similar technologies on its site and app.  We use them to identify you as a repeat visitor, to maintain session information for logged-in users, to present personalised content recommendations based on your stated preferences, for user authentication (for instance allowing you to register and logon using your Facebook, Google and other third party platform credentials) and security and to track usage trends and patterns. That helps us better understand and improve areas of the Websites.
We also allow third party advertiser partners to use cookies and other tracking technologies in connection with “Tailored Advertising” which associates a user’s activity and interest information, demographic information, geographic information, and similar information with a browser cookie or other online identifier in order to provide more useful and relevant advertising on other sites and platforms)  We use third-party services to advertise our Services to you after you visit our site or app. We and our third-party vendors use cookies and other online tracking technologies on our site or app to track your activities across time and services for purposes of associating the different devices you use, and delivering relevant Tailored Advertising and/or other content to you and others on our Services and in third-party services or third-party digital properties after you have left our Services. In addition to the use of such online tracking technologies, we may also upload customer lists (including encrypted email addresses) to third-party service providers, such as Facebook, LinkedIn and Google, to have ads shown to users (or users with similar interests or characteristics to our users) who have visited our Site.
For more information about how to turn this feature off in Canada or the European Union, including the UK, see below or visit https://youradchoices.ca/en/tools or http://www.youronlinechoices.eu.
You can find more information about the types of cookies that we use on the
Cookies
page.
8. When we disclose Personal Information
Top
We share your Personal Information with certain service providers and partners to help us deliver, personalise or improve the Services, help with the security of our Services and with advertising our Services on other sites or platforms. Examples of sharing include:
When PressReader employs other third parties to perform functions on our behalf, such as fulfilling orders, providing customer service, sending mail, processing credit card payments, processing currency conversions, or other functions necessary to our business;
If publishers of the Publications request additional Personal Information from us. The information practices of those publishers will be governed by their own privacy policies;
If we believe you are harming or interfering with the enjoyment of the Services of other PressReader users, anyone else, or violating the terms of your Subscription, Trial, Sponsored Access or Gifted Issue, or violating the Terms of Use, or if we believe you are infringing any of PressReader or a third party’s legal rights;
If we are required by applicable law (or court order) to provide any of your Personal Information or if in our reasonable opinion it is appropriate to do so to lawful authorities in connection with their investigations. We will, if permitted by applicable law or the terms of a court order, attempt to notify you via the email address you supplied when creating your Registered Account before we respond to the request;
In the event of a sale of all or most of PressReader’s assets, this information may be transferred to the purchaser so they may continue to provide the Services to you.
We share Personal Information with certain technical service providers and partners.
9
. Your Personal Information may be transferred
Top
PressReader has headquarters in Canada, Ireland and the Philippines, all of which work together to seamlessly provide you with the Services.  Basically, we’re one big happy PressReader family.  If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (“
EEA
”), the UK or Switzerland, what you need to know is that PressReader International Limited (“
PRI
”), located in Dublin, Ireland, is the controller of your Personal Information, as described in applicable data protection law.
PressReader has data processing agreements and security controls in place between the PressReader group of companies, to ensure the safety and security of your Personal Information as it’s shared between us.  In using the Services, you consent to us sharing your Personal Information within the PressReader group of companies to the extent required to provide the Services to you. For our users based in the UK and the European Economic Area, we use standard contractual clauses with our affiliate in the Philippines to ensure the protections required by GDPR are applied to their processing of your Personal Information.
If you’re located outside of Canada or the Philippines and choose to use the Services or give us any Personal Information, you’re agreeing and understanding that your Personal Information will be transferred, processed and stored in Canada and the Philippines, as it is necessary for us to provide the Services to you and to fulfil our obligations to you under the Terms of Use.
10. Exercising your Data Subject Rights
Top
You have rights in relation to your Personal Information. You can change your Registered Account, Subscription information, or other information saved by us. You can exercise the following rights by following the procedure found at:
https://about.pressreader.com/data-subject-requests/
A right of access to data;
A right to rectify data;
A right to object to the collection and processing of data;
A right to erasure of your data;
A right to limit the collection and processing of your data;
A right to data portability
Please note that if you want to erase your Personal Information, we’ll be sad to see you go, but your information will then be deleted, assuming that: (a) you are current with all payment obligations regarding any Subscriptions you have purchased or Single Issue Purchases you have made; (b) PressReader does not believe it is reasonably necessary to keep such information in accordance with applicable law or any pending legal action; and (c) we are under no other legal obligation to retain such information.
If your information is deleted, any unfulfilled Subscriptions will be cancelled without refund and you may have to re-register with PressReader in order to use the Services.
Where you’ve objected to an aspect of how we process your Personal Information or revoked your consent to this Privacy Policy, we will stop providing the Services to you.
The TL;DR version?  If you have any complaints or concerns about your Personal Information or how PressReader uses it, just hit us up at
dataprotection@pressreader.com
.  We’re here for you.
PressReader Inc. is governed by the Office of the Information and Privacy Commissioner for British Columbia (https://www.oipc.bc.ca/). PressReader International Limited is governed by the Irish Data Protection Commission (https://www.dataprotection.ie). If you are located outside of Canada or Ireland, you have a right to make a complaint to your applicable data protection authority.
11. How long do we keep your Personal Information For?
Top
We don't want to hold on to any of your Personal Information for longer than we need to. We delete your Personal Information as soon as we no longer require it to provide you with our Services, unless there is a legal obligation we are subject to which requires us to hold onto it. For instance, we delete your account information two years after you close your account. If you opt-out of marketing from us, we may keep a record of your opt-out for longer so that we can demonstrate we respect your preferences.
12. Privacy Notice for California Residents
Top
If you are a California resident, the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) may provide you with additional rights regarding our use of your personal information. To learn more about your rights under the act, please visit
https://care.pressreader.com/hc/en-us/articles/360038010812
.
13. For our UK and EU Users
Top
As we've mentioned already, we will collect your Personal Information if you use our Website, App and/ or receive our Services. We always ensure we have a "lawful basis" under GDPR for having your Personal Information. "Lawful basis" means we have a good reason recognised by GDPR for having your Personal Information and using it as we explain in this Policy. Some reasons for this use of your Personal Information are:
For the purposes of our contract with you – to enable us to provide you with our Services in accordance with the contact between us;
In our "legitimate interests" (as GDPR describes it) to continually learn and improve (we balance this with your rights); and
In our "legitimate interests" to manage our business and Website and App (we balance this with your rights).
We will also process your Personal Information to fulfil our contractual obligations with our publishing partners.
14. Taking security seriously
Top
PressReader uses reasonable and up-to-date security methods to prevent unauthorized access to Personal Information. Seriously. We work hard to maintain data accuracy, and to ensure correct use of Personal Information.
Your Personal Information will be stored within a database behind a firewall for added security. The server that houses the database is physically protected at a secure site and is monitored by security personnel twenty-four hours a day.  Only authorized personnel can access the site and the particular server housing the database.
No data transmission over the internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be secure.  So, while we try to protect your Personal Information, we can’t ensure or guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk.  We encrypt all information and web sessions within the Services that are required to be encrypted, such as transmission of credit card information to the Websites or the App, to help protect the data.
15. Watch the Kids
Top
The Services offered by PressReader are not directed to children (persons under the age of 16) and we do not knowingly collect, either online or offline, Personal Information of children under the age of 16, except where a parent or guardian has authorized its collection.  If you believe the Personal Information of a child under the age of 16 has been provided to us without parental or guardian consent, please notify us at
https://care.pressreader.com/hc/en-us/requests/new
.
16. Spam
Top
We don’t want to spam you, but we do periodically send emails to users with Registered Accounts that we think are helpful. They might talk about changes to the features of the Services, the addition of new issues of your favorite Publications, promotions, or other fun stuff.  You can always opt out of PressReader’s marketing or promotional messaging by adjusting the settings in your Registered Account.  Sorry, but you can’t opt out of billing, legal, or account-related emails.
17. Ch-ch-changes (to this Privacy Policy)
Top
We might change the terms of this Privacy Policy from time to time.  If we do make changes regarding the disclosure of your Personal Information, we will post a super-obvious notice of the new-and-improved Privacy Policy on the Websites (you might get an email from us, too).  Your continued use of the Services after we’ve posted notice of any change to this Privacy Policy signifies your acceptance of those changes.
18. Who can you contact for questions?
Top
We have answers. You can direct inquiries about anything privacy-related here:
dataprotection@pressreader.com
and we’ll make sure it’s addressed.
You can also snail mail us at:
PressReader Inc.
200-13111 Vanier Place
Richmond, BC, Canada
V6V 2J1
Attention: Legal
or to
PressReader International Limited
Spaces South Docklands
77 Sir John Rogerson's Quay
Block C
Dublin, D02 VK60
Ireland
Attention: Legal