Photobucket Privacy Policy
Effective Date: July 22, 2024
To review our policy that shall remain in effect until July 22, 2024, click
here
This Privacy Policy is accessible on Photobucket.com, Inc.’s (“Photobucket,” “we,” “our,” or “us”) website (“Site”), Photobucket application (“App”) or other services provided by Photobucket.com to you, such as photo and video storage, printing, hosting, and sharing services. The Site, App, and services individually and collectively, the “Services.”
We understand that your privacy is very important to you, and it is equally important to us. The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to inform you of what information we collect or you provide when you use our Services, what we may do with that information and certain choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. Except as set out below, we do not share, or sell, or disclose to a third party, any information collected through our Services. If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
support@photobucket.com
.
1. COVERAGE OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy covers our use and treatment of any information that you share with us, that we collect from you, or that we share with you in connection with your use of our Services. This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of third parties that Photobucket does not own or control, including but not limited to any third-party domains, websites, tools, services, and applications (“Third Party Services”) that you elect to access through the Services, access the Services through, or to individuals that we don’t manage or employ.
2. YOUR AGREEMENT TO THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY
When you use our Services, including when you, search and view images, ask us to provide you more information about our Services, create an Account (defined in our Terms of Use) on our Site, log into your Account, upload Content (defined below), buy a product or service from us, or otherwise agree to our
Terms of Use
, a contract is formed between you and us. By using our Services or interacting with us either online or offline, you agree to this Privacy Policy, our
Terms of Use
, our
Biometric Information Privacy Policy
, and the terms of any agreement between you and Photobucket related to the Services (collectively “Agreements”). As your use of the Services is an agreement to the terms of each of these Agreements, please read each of the Agreements. By using the Services you also agree to our collection, use and disclosure practices, and other activities as described in this Privacy Policy.
Capitalized terms are defined below, in our
Terms of Use
or in our
Biometric Information Privacy Policy
.
If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please:
Do not start using the Services or discontinue use if you have already started.
Do not submit any Personal Information (defined below) or User Uploaded Content (defined below).
If you agreed to a prior version of this Privacy Policy and do not agree to the current terms, please click
here
to terminate your Account and delete your Use Uploaded Content and Personal Information or contact us at
support@photobucket.com
. We delete all of your Account, including your User Uploaded Content and Personal Information within thirty (30) days from the date we receive your deletion request. However, if you do so, you will not be able to use our Services in the future other than to search for other users’ images as a Site visitor.
3. DEFINITIONS AND WHAT INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND USE
To provide the Services and to tailor your experience with the Services, Photobucket collects certain information as defined in this Privacy Policy.
Biometric Information Definition:
“Biometric Information” refers to data that depict or describe physical, biological, or behavioral traits, characteristics, or measurements of or relating to an identified or identifiable person’s body. Biometric Information includes, but is not limited to, depictions, images, descriptions, or recordings of an individual’s facial features, iris or retina, finger or handprints, voice, genetics, or characteristic movements or gestures (e.g., gait or typing pattern). Biometric Information also includes data derived from such depictions, images, descriptions, or recordings, to the extent that it would be reasonably possible to identify the person from whose information the data had been derived. By way of example, both a photograph of a person’s face and a facial recognition template, embedding, faceprint, or other data that encode measurements or characteristics of the face depicted in the photograph constitute Biometric Information. There are different definitions for biometric information, or biometric data, under different state laws. Within this Privacy Policy and our
Biometric Information Privacy Policy
we generally adopt the Federal Trade Commission’s (“FTC”) 2023 Policy Statement on Biometric Information and Section 5 of the FTC Act definition dated May 18, 2023.
Biometric Information Collection and Use: According to the terms of this Privacy Policy, our
Biometric Information Privacy Policy
, and our
Terms of Use
, you grant us the right to the extent permitted by the
laws of your region
, to commercialize, including the right to license or sell your Public User Uploaded Content to third parties for the scanning and processing of your Public User Uploaded Content, including extracting physical features (e.g., measurements) of your Biometric Information, solely for the purpose of artificial intelligence and machine learning training and the subsequent uses derived therefrom. Outside the User Uploaded Content you store on our Services and rights granted above, Photobucket does not collect, use, store, or disclose your Biometric Information. Photobucket also will not allow a third party to do any of these activities if it is not permitted by the
laws of your region
or if you opt-out from granting Photobucket the right to sell, lease, trade or otherwise profit from the disclosure of your Biometric Information in your Public User Uploaded Content by following this
link
or by emailing
support@photobucket.com
. There is an initial opt-out period that exists for forty-five (45) days from the Effective Date listed above (“Initial Opt-Out Period”) that will be prior to any license or sale taking effect.
Please note that if you opt-out, Photobucket will delete your Account and all of your User Uploaded Content.
If you decide to opt-out, please download and save any of your User Uploaded Content that you wish to keep and store. After the end of the Initial Opt-Out Period, you will still have the option to opt-out from granting Photobucket the right to sell, lease, trade or otherwise profit from the disclosure of your Biometric Information contained in your Public User Uploaded Content prospectively. If you do not opt-out during the Initial Opt-Out Period and we do provide your Public User Uploaded Content to a third party, we cannot guarantee we can recall it, but it will not be sold, leased, traded, or otherwise profited from after the date we receive your request to opt-out.
We do
NOT
knowingly license or sell your Biometric Information if you are a resident of certain regions or states. Please click
here
to read more about the specific regions and states. Out of respect for your privacy Photobucket limits the amount of geolocation information it possesses; therefore, if you have become a resident of one of these states since you last signed up for your Photobucket account, or if you want to confirm your state residency with us, please contact us at
support@photobucket.com
. As data privacy laws continually change, or if we inadvertently missed a request of yours, or if you notice something amiss, please contact us at
support@photobucket.com
. We will review and remedy the issue appropriately. Please refer to our
Biometric Information Privacy Policy
for additional information about the rights you grant us regarding the use and distribution of your Biometric Information.
Content:
“Content” refers to creative expressions, including, but not limited to, video, audio, music, still or moving photographs, images, illustrations, animations, logos, tools, written posts, replies and comments, information, data, text, software, scripts, executable files, and graphics, any of which may be generated, provided, or otherwise made accessible on or through the Services. Content also includes User Uploaded Content.
Device Information Definition:
Photobucket automatically collects certain information about your computer, phone, tablet, etc. (“Device”), including information about your web browser, requests from your web browser to our servers for web pages and other content on our Site, your geographical location, your IP address, your time zone, your internet service provider, your mobile device, and some of the cookies that are installed on your Device. This information is recorded.
As you use the Services, we collect information about the individual web pages that you view, the websites or search terms referred you to the Services, the software you use to browse our Site, and how you interact with the Services. We use this information in aggregate, on an anonymous basis, to assess the popularity of the webpages on our Site and our performance in providing services to our members. We also use this anonymous information to help us make decisions on where/how we can improve and enhance our Services.
Note that if combined with other information we know about you from previous visits, this information could potentially be used to identify you personally, even if you are not signed into your Account on our Site, but this is uncommon. We refer to this automatically collected information as “Device Information.”
Device Information Collection and Use:
Device Information collected using the following methods:
Browser Fingerprinting.
The collection and analysis of information from your Device, including, but not limited to, your operating system, plug-ins, system fonts, and other data, for the purpose of identification.
Cookies.
A cookie is a file placed on a Device to uniquely identify your browser or to store information on your Device. Our Site uses cookies, which may include HTTP cookies, HTML5 cookies, Flash cookies and other types of cookie technology to store information on local storage. We use cookies that are placed by software that operates on our servers, and by software operated by third parties whose services we use. Many web browsers allow you to prevent, limit, or delete cookies. If you do not allow the use of cookies through your browser settings or if choose not to use them, you will not be able to use all the functionality of our Services. We use cookies in the following ways: (a) to track how you use our Services; (b) to record whether you have seen specific messages we display on our Services; (c) to keep you signed in our Services; and (d) to record your answers to surveys and questionnaires on our Services while you complete them. We may use a third party to provide us with re-marketing services. Re-marketing involves placing a cookie on your computer when you browse our Services, such as our Site, in order to be able to serve to you an advertisement for our products or Services when you visit another website that is not owned or controlled by us.
Embedded Scripts.
An embedded script is programming code that is designed to collect information about your interactions with the Services, such as the links you click on.
ETag, or entity tag.
An ETag or entity tag is a feature of the cache in browsers. It is an opaque identifier assigned by a web server to a specific version of a resource found at a URL.
Recognition Technologies.
Technologies, including application of statistical probability to data sets, which attempt to recognize or make assumptions about users and devices (e.g., that a user of multiple devices is the same user).
Web Beacons.
A Web Beacon is a small tag (which may be invisible to you) that may be placed on our Services’ pages and messages.
Payment Information Definition:
Payment Information refers to credit card numbers, debit card numbers, financial account numbers, transaction details, and additional forms of payment.
Payment Information Collection and Use:
Your Payment Information is never taken by us or transferred to us either through our Services or otherwise. Our employees and contractors never have access to it. At the point of payment, you are transferred to a secure page on the website of our payment gateway partners. Their pages may be branded to look like a page on our Services but are not controlled by us. They are regulated by stringent credit card privacy laws as well as the rules of Visa®, Mastercard®, American Express®, Discover®, etc.
Personal Information Definition:
You may submit information by which you may be personally identified, such as name, title, address, e-mail address, telephone number, date of birth, country, state, country of residence, or business operation (“Personal Information”).
Personal Information Collection and Use:
Personal Information may come from collected data or Voluntary Information (defined below). We may collect this information when you:
Request information from us via forms or emails;
Contact us regarding a question, concern (such as reporting copyright infringement), or inquiry, such as when you make inquiries concerning our Services;
Register and create an Account (e.g., on the Photobucket website or Photobucket App);
Sign up or request to be placed on our mailing and/or email marketing lists;
Upload User Uploaded Content (defined below) on or through the Photobucket website or Photobucket App; or
Otherwise interact with the Services or our representatives.
User Uploaded Content Definition:
Our Services allow you to upload the most commonly-used image and video files. These image files and video files, both in their native uploaded form and any subsequently edited version stored with the Services, are referred to individually and collectively as “User Uploaded Content.” User Uploaded Content may be Private User Uploaded Content (defined below) or Public User Uploaded Content (defined below), or Sharable User Uploaded Content (defined below). When uploading Content or other Personal Information, it is up to you to satisfy yourself about the privacy level of every person who might use it. Once your information enters the public domain, we have no control over what any individual third party may do with it. We accept no responsibility for their actions at any time. Please note that User Uploaded Content, in addition to being subject to this Privacy Policy, is also governed by our
Terms of Use
and our
Biometric Information Privacy Policy
.
Private User Uploaded Content Definition:
In the past versions of Services offered by Photobucket, a Subscriber (defined in our
Terms of Use
) with an Account could mark any album with User Uploaded Content they uploaded as “Private” (“Private User Uploaded Content”). Although we created measures to protect your privacy, please be aware that just because something is marked “Private” does not mean that only the people you invite will see it in all instances. For example, individuals may still be able to find the direct URL for a photo or through other search mechanisms, and then share or link to it outside the Services. If you share Private User Uploaded Content from the Services or provide someone with a direct link to Private User Uploaded Content, others may be able to see it, even if you marked it “Private” according to the past versions of the Services. We are not responsible for any shared Private User Uploaded Content that has been shared after being marked as “Private” according to the past Services offered by Photobucket.
Private User Uploaded Content Use:
When you uploaded Content you marked as “Private”, you granted us a worldwide, non- exclusive, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, transferable, right and license to: copy, stream, post, display, publicly perform and reproduce the Private User Uploaded Content so that we may offer the Services to you and to others at your request (e.g. image sharing and hosting by you) as well as other rights set forth herein.
Public User Uploaded Content Definition:
The past versions of Services offered by Photobucket allowed you to upload and share images and information that, by doing so and marking such people such as: (a) tagging, describing or commenting on images, whether such images are posted by you or someone else; (b) making comments on a forum; or (c) clicking on an icon next to another user’s image or comment to convey your agreement, disagreement or thanks. This content is referred to as “Public User Uploaded Content.” The concept of “Public” from the past versions of Services offered by Photobucket no longer exists for new uploads of User Uploaded Content as of February 6, 2024. User Uploaded Content or albums in the current version of the Services that were Public User Uploaded Content prior to February 6, 2024, remains Public, for Legacy Free Accounts. User Uploaded Content uploaded as of February 6, 2024, is not Public User Uploaded Content.
Public User Uploaded Content Use
: We will store your Public User Uploaded Content and will use it for the purpose of providing our services to you and the public. You grant us a worldwide, non-exclusive, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, transferable, right and license to: copy, convey, distribute, stream, post, publicly display (e.g. post it elsewhere), reproduce and create derivative works from it (meaning things based on it), whether in print or any kind of electronic version that exists now or is later developed, for any purpose, including a commercial purpose with the right to sublicense such rights to others.
In particular, to the extent permitted by the
laws of your region
, you grant us the right to commercialize, including the right to license or sell your Public User Uploaded Content to third parties for the scanning and processing of Public User Uploaded Content, including extracting physical features (e.g., measurements) of your Biometric Information, solely for the purpose of artificial intelligence and machine learning training and the subsequent uses derived therefrom. The law in areas such as data privacy is continually changing. If you notice something amiss, please contact us at
support@photobucket.com
, and we will review and remedy the issue as appropriate.
By your making your content Public User Uploaded Content, you gave all other Services users the right to copy, distribute, publicly perform, publicly display, reproduce and create derivative works from it via the Services, third party websites or applications (for example, allowing Subscribers to order prints of Public User Uploaded Content or t-shirts and similar items containing Public User Uploaded Content, and via social media websites), provided such use is not for a commercial purpose.
Sharable User Uploaded Content Definition:
Albums and User Uploaded Content in the current version of the Services that were uploaded from a Paid Account, are not Public User Uploaded Content because they are shareable instead of Public (“Sharable User Uploaded Content”). Public User Uploaded Content that is uploaded prior to February 6, 2024 for Paid Accounts was converted to Sharable User Uploaded Content as of February 6, 2024 because in the current version of the Services, album with User Uploaded Content can be shared by creating a link. This link can be viewed by those with access to it and can also be password protected. These links are referred to as “Sharing Links”. Although we created measures to protect your privacy, please be aware that just because something is accessible through a Sharing Link does not mean that only the people you invite will see it in all instances. We are also not responsible for any shared User Uploaded Content that has been shared with a Sharing Link under the current version of the Services.
Sharable User Uploaded Content Use:
When you upload Content to the current versions of our Services as of February 6, 2024, you grant us a worldwide, non-exclusive, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, transferable, right and license to: copy, stream, post, display, publicly perform, and reproduce the Sharable User Uploaded Content so that we may offer the Services to you and to others at your request (e.g. image sharing and hosting by you) as well as other rights set forth herein.
Altering User Uploaded Content Privacy Designation:
We reserve the right to change the designation of your User Uploaded Content and/or albums from “Public” to “Private”. We will not, however, change your “Private” setting on your User Uploaded Content or albums to “Public” without you asking us to do so on your behalf. Note that all User Uploaded Content uploaded by you, whether Private User Uploaded Content or Public User Uploaded Content may be stored by us as backup files or on servers. If you have questions about your User Uploaded Content, please contact us at
support@photobucket.com
. If you would like us to terminate your account or to delete all of your User Uploaded Content and Personal Information, please submit a request to
support@photobucket.com
.
Privacy Settings Over Time Explained:
Since the inception of Photobucket, we have offered various versions of Accounts, resulting in different privacy settings. Initially, Legacy Free Accounts (as defined in our
Terms of Use
) were provided with a default privacy setting for User Uploaded Content albums as “Public.” However, Subscribers had the flexibility to switch the privacy setting from “Public” to “Private” for each album, either during or after the upload process, as long as they maintained an active Account. This approach empowered a Subscriber to control whether their User Uploaded Content was classified as Private User Uploaded Content or Public User Uploaded Content.
From December 2020 through February 2024, the default setting for User Uploaded Content albums was “Private.” However, a Subscriber could switch the privacy setting for an album to “Public” either at the time of the upload or afterwards as long as they maintained an active Account. This gave Subscribers control over whether their User Uploaded Content was Private User Uploaded Content or Public User Uploaded Content.
As of February 6, 2024, Photobucket transitioned to its current version of the Services, which includes accounts with Group Buckets and Personal Buckets. An update eliminated the Subscriber’s ability to change between the Public privacy setting and Private privacy setting for their User Uploaded Content or albums in their active Accounts. User Uploaded Content uploaded from a Paid Account, whether it was uploaded before or after February 6, 2024, is categorized as Sharable User Uploaded Content. However, User Uploaded Content before February 6, 2024 from Legacy Free Accounts that was Public User Uploaded Content remains Public User Uploaded Content.
If you would like more information on the various privacy settings, if you previously uploaded something under a privacy setting that you now wish to delete, or if you have questions, please contact us at
support@photobucket.com
.
Voluntary Information:
There may be times where you provide information, including Personal Information, about yourself voluntarily through emails, customer support requests, or other means of communicating with us. We refer to this information as “Voluntary Information.”
The Device Information, Personal Information, and Voluntary Information discussed in this Privacy Policy is collectively referred to as “Accumulated Information.” Biometric Information is not included in the definition of Accumulated Information.
4. ADDITIONAL USES OF INFORMATION
In addition to the uses outlined above, we use Accumulated Information for the following purposes:
We use Device Information to assist us with screening for potential risk and fraud and to improve and optimize our Services.
We use Personal Information to contact you, when necessary, to send you reminders and to provide you information and notices about the Service, to send you notice of updates to any of our Agreements, and to provide commercial and marketing information about our Services and related services.
We use Voluntary Information to provide the Services.
We use Voluntary Information to communicate with you, to screen use of the Services potential risk or fraud, and to provide you with information or advertising related to our products or services in line with your user preferences.
We use Voluntary Information to respond and communicate with you related to the subject matter of the submitted Voluntary Information.
We share your Accumulated Information with third parties to help us use your Accumulated Information, as described above. For example, we may use Google Analytics to help us understand how our visitors use our Site. You can read more about how Google uses your Accumulated Information here:
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
. You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
.
We may also share Accumulated Information to enforce our terms, policies, and legal agreements, and to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, to enforce our terms of use and legal notices, as required or permitted by law, or to otherwise protect our rights or property. We shall have no duty to notify you of disclosures required for compliance with law.
We may use third-party storage or service provider companies to perform some functions addressed herein, including the processing of data related to Accumulated Information.
We do not expose Accumulated Information to the public or third parties except in the limited circumstances set forth in this Privacy Policy.
5. WITH WHOM YOUR INFORMATION IS SHARED
We never share Personal Information we receive from you unless (a) we have your permission to share that information; (b) we have given you prior notice, including through this Privacy Policy, that the information will be shared and with what recipient or category of recipients; (c) that information is aggregate information or other information that does not identify you; or (d) to respond to judicial process and provide information to law enforcement agencies or in connection with an investigation on matters related to public safety, as permitted by law, or otherwise as required by law.
We will share your Accumulated Information with our customers, service providers, and other third parties (“Third Party Providers”), if necessary, to fulfill the purposes for collecting the information. For example, if you decide to order a print of one of your images and click on the button or link that initiates the “handoff” to our third party print partner, we will provide user and image information to them to assist you in the ordering process. Third Party Providers use Accumulated Information solely for the purposes of providing services to us so we can provide our Services to you. Third Party Providers are expected to commit to protect your privacy as required under the applicable law and this Privacy Policy.
6. THIRD PARTY SERVICES
The Services may include functionality that allows certain kinds of interactions between the Services and your account on a Third Party Service. The use of this functionality may involve the third-party site providing information to us or us providing information to that Third Party. For example, we may provide links on the Services to facilitate sending a communication from the Services or we may use third parties to facilitate emails or postings to social media (like a “Share” or “Forward” button). We do not have control over these technologies or the data that these parties obtain. Accordingly, this Privacy Policy does not cover the information practices of these third parties.
We also may provide links to allow third parties to process credit card and/or electronic payments. These third parties may retain any information used or provided in any such communications or activities and these third parties’ practices are not subject to our Privacy Policy. We may not control or have access to your communications through these third parties. Further, when you use Third Party Services, you are using their services and not our services and they, not Photobucket, are responsible for their practices. You should read the applicable third-party privacy policies before using such Third Party Services on or through our Service.
7. REMOVAL OF UPLOADED CONTENT & TRANSFER OF ACCUMULATED INFORMATION
We reserve the right to report any Content that you upload and to share Accumulated Information in connection with reporting such Content if we believe, in our sole discretion that such Content is illegal or abusive or may violate any third-party rights. Additionally, a merger, acquisition or any other structural change will require us to transfer your Accumulated Information and User Uploaded Content (including Content that could contain your Biometric Information) to another entity, as part of the structural change, provided that the receiving entity will comply with this Privacy Policy. In the event of a merger, acquisition, or any other structural change you agree that the rights you transfer to us will be transferable to the receiving entity.
8. EMAIL LISTS:
Photobucket maintains e-mail lists to keep interested parties informed about our company, events, products, services, support, and more. We do not sell the addresses on our list, but we may make information available to specific business partners, sponsors, or service providers for the purpose of providing you the Services and complying with applicable laws.
You automatically join our email list when you provide your email in connection with the Services. To be removed from a mailing list, simply contact us at
support@photobucket.com
.
9. OPTING OUT
At any time, you can unsubscribe from our mailing lists or newsletters, by emailing us at
support@photobucket.com
. At any time, you can stop using the Services. Termination of your Account is subject to the terms and conditions in this Privacy Policy and Photobucket’s
Terms of Use
. If you disagree with the terms of this Privacy Policy and wish to opt-out, please email us at
support@photobucket.com
or click here. Photobucket is not responsible or liable for your inability to use the Services or any feature or part of the Services as a result of your choice not to provide certain Accumulated Information.
10. AGGREGATED AND ANALYTICAL INFORMATION
We use standard analytics tools. The privacy practices of these tools are subject to their own privacy policies, and they use their own cookies to provide their service. We use the standard analytics tools, from time to time, to learn about how you and other users use the Services, in support of our Services-related activities and operations. The privacy practices of these tools are subject to their own privacy policies.
We use anonymous, statistical or aggregated information and will share it with our partners for legitimate business purposes. We will share your Accumulated Information only subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy, or subject to your prior agreement.
11. ACCESSING, UPDATING, OR DELETING YOUR ACCUMULATED INFORMATION
If you find that the information on your Account is not accurate, complete or up to date, please provide us the necessary information to correct it at
support@photobucket.com
. At any time, you can contact us at:
support@photobucket.com
and request to access the Accumulated Information that we keep about you. We may keep all information in an off-line form, for archival purposes or as otherwise required by law. We will ask you to provide us certain credentials to make sure that you are who you claim to be and to the extent required under the applicable law, will make good- faith efforts to locate your Accumulated Information that you request to access. You may send us a request at
support@photobucket.com
if you wish for us to delete your Personal Information. Provided there is no legal basis that requires us to retain it, we will delete your Personal Information within thirty (30) days of the receipt of your request. Such a deletion may make it impossible for you to continuing using the Services.
12. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFER OF INFORMATION
We are a company headquartered in the United States of America, but our Services may be accessed in any country where it is legal to do so. If you are located outside the United States, the information that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored and processed at, a destination in the United States. By submitting information, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing.
From time to time, we will make operational decisions which will have an impact on the Services we provide. We make sure that our data hosting service providers, provide us with adequate confidentiality and security commitments. If you are a resident in a jurisdiction where transfer of your Accumulated Information to another jurisdiction requires your agreement, then you provide us your express and unambiguous agreement to such transfer. You can contact our privacy team at:
support@photobucket.com
for further information about data transfer.
13. DATA RETENTION AND YOUR RIGHTS
When you use the Services and/or provide Accumulated Information through the Services, numerous factors influence how long we will keep your Personal Information. For example, we will keep your Personal Information while you have an Account with us or while we are providing Services to you. We will also keep your Personal Information to comply with any legal (statutory, contractual, tax, etc.) obligations. Different retention periods apply for different types of Personal Information. The following factors typically affect the retention period:
Necessity for the provision of our Services
This includes things such as creating an Account with you, maintaining and improving the performance of our Services, keeping our systems secure, and maintaining appropriate business and financial records. Most retention periods are determined on the basis of this general rule.
Consent-based processing of Personal Information
If we process Personal Information on the basis of consent (including consent to the extended storage), we store the information for as long as necessary in order to process it according to your consent.
Statutory, contractual or other similar obligations
We may be required to retain information for certain periods of time pursuant to applicable laws or official orders (e.g. for legal compliance, tax, accounting or auditing purposes), or to detect and prevent fraudulent or illegal activity on Photobucket. We may also retain Personal Information relating to pending or future legal disputes. Personal information contained in contracts, notifications and business letters may be subject to statutory storage obligations. We store the data for as long as necessary to comply with these obligations.
We will not retain your Personal Information for longer than necessary for the purposes set out in this policy. If you would like your Personal Information or User Uploaded Content deleted, please email:
support@photobucket.com
. Upon our receipt of your request, deletion will occur within thirty (30) days.
14. SECURITY
We endeavor to protect the security and integrity of information we collect to ensure it is kept private. We and our hosting services implement systems, applications and procedures to secure your Accumulated Information, to minimize the risks of theft, damage, loss of information, or unauthorized access or use of information; however, we cannot guarantee the security of any information. Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors may compromise the security of your information at any time.
Your access to some of our Services and content may be password protected. We recommend using a combination of numbers, symbols and lower and upper case letters to create a secure password. We recommend that you refrain from disclosing your username(s) and password(s) to anyone. We also recommend that you sign out of your Account or the Services at the end of each session. You may also wish to close your browser window when you have finished your work, especially if you share a computer with someone else or if you are using a computer in a public place like a library or Internet cafe.
15. CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
The Services are intended for Authorized Users (as defined in our
Terms of Use
) who are 18 years old or older. Protecting the privacy of children is important to us. Therefore, we comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”), and do not knowingly collect Personal Information from anyone under the age of eighteen (18). If we become aware that we have inadvertently received personal information from a child, we will delete such information from our records.
16. STATE SPECIFIC LAWS
Please read the information in our Regional Privacy Disclosure Notice page
here
for additional regional disclosures for residents of specific U.S. states.
17. ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURES FOR PEOPLE IN EUROPE
Please read the information in our Regional Privacy Disclosure Notice page
here
for additional regional disclosures for residents of the European Union and the United Kingdom.
18. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
As necessary, we will update this Privacy Policy. When we update this Privacy Policy, we will give you notice through procedures such as: displaying a pop-up on our Site indicating that an updated Privacy Policy is in effect, displaying an alert icon next to the Privacy Policy, displaying a post on our home page, and through on Site messaging. If we make material updates to this Privacy Policy we may let you know by sending an email to the e-mail address you provided to us when creating your Account. By using the Services, you indicate your understanding and acceptance of the terms of this Privacy Policy posted at the time of your use. We advise you to print a copy for your records.
19. ASSIGNMENT RIGHTS
This Privacy Policy is not assignable, transferable, or sublicensable by you except with Photobucket’s prior written consent. Photobucket may assign this Privacy Policy in whole or in part at any time without your agreement. For example, Photobucket may assign this Privacy Policy without your consent to: (i) a subsidiary or affiliate; (ii) an acquirer of Photobucket’s equity, business or assets; or (iii) a successor by merger.
20 CONTACT US
If you have questions, concerns, or deletion requests regarding privacy using the Services, please contact us at:
support@photobucket.com
Our legal address is:
621 Kalamath Street, Suite 135
Denver, CO 80204 USA