Other Languages
Política de privacidad
Politique de confidentialité
プライバシーポリシー
개인정보처리방침
Privacy Policy
Last updated
:
March 20, 2025
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: December 9, 2024
1.
What This Privacy Policy Covers
2.
What is Personal Information?
3.
Personal Information We Collect
4.
How We Collect Personal Information
5.
Why We Collect and Use Personal Information
6.
Reasons We Disclose Personal Information
7.
Legal Grounds for Processing Personal Information
8.
Cookies and Similar Technologies
9.
Personalized Advertising and Ad Networks
10.
Data Retention
11.
Cross-Border Transfers
12.
Data Security
13.
U.S. State Privacy Notice
A.
Information We Collect
B.
Disclosures of Personal Information
C.
“Sale,” “Sharing” and Personalized Ads
D.
Sensitive Personal Information
E.
Your Rights
F.
Exercising Your Right to Know/Access, Right to Data Portability, Right to Correct or Right to Delete
G.
Exercising Your Right to Opt-Out
14.
Updates to the Privacy Policy
15.
Contact Information
What This Privacy Policy Covers
Hello, we are Ipnos Software Inc. (“
Ipnos
”, “
we
”, “
our
” or “
us
”).
The purpose of this Privacy Policy (this “
Policy
”) is to help you understand what personal data we collect and how; how we use, disclose or otherwise process your personal data, and your rights related to your personal data.
This Policy applies to individuals (natural persons) (“
you
” or “
user
”) who visit or use our mobile applications (“
App(s)
”), web applications (“
WebApp(s)
”), and websites (the “
Website(s)
” or “
Web
”) (collectively, the “
Platform
”), as well as the services related to our Platform (“
Services
”). Our Websites include:
●	www.ipnos.com
●	www.relaxmelodies.com
●	my.bettersleep.com
●	www.bettersleep.com
●	my.relaxmelodies.com
This Policy also applies to individuals who provide or are interested in providing coaching services through our Platform (“
Coaches
”).
This Policy also applies to communications you may have with us via email, through live chat, push notifications, or through social media.
This Policy supplements our other terms and policies and does not override or replace them unless otherwise indicated or mutually agreed upon.
This Policy does not apply to any information you may share with third-party websites or services (for example, if you click on a link to a third party website or use a third party such as Google or Facebook to create an account on our Services). We encourage you to read the privacy policies of such third parties to understand their data privacy practices.
This Policy does not apply to the collection and use of personal data regarding Ipnos employees or independent contractors, unless as otherwise specified herein. If you are an employee or independent contractor, please contact us at
privacy@ipnos.com
for the applicable privacy notice.
Our Platform and Services can be accessed and used from around the world. The laws that apply to the protection of your data may vary depending on where you reside. We strive to comply with all applicable laws – if you have questions based on your situation, feel free to contact us directly at
privacy@ipnos.com
.
What is Personal Information?
For purposes of this Policy, “personal data” or “personal information” includes any information that identifies, relates to, describes, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, to an individual (natural person) or household.
“Personal information” does not include information that is deidentified or pseudonymized (meaning that it cannot reasonably be linked to an individual without the use of additional information, provided that measures are in place to secure such additional information) or aggregate consumer information (information that relates to a group or category of consumers and that is not linked or reasonably linkable to any consumer or household).
When we refer to “processing” personal information in this Policy, this means any operation performed on the information, including collection, organization, storage, retrieval, use and disclosure.
Personal Information We Collect
Depending on how you use our Platform and Services, we may collect the following types of personal information:
User Information
: When you create an account or use our Services, you may provide us with information such as your name, email address, age, gender, and password.
Device Information
: When you visit the Platform, and depending on whether you are accessing App(s), WebApp(s) or Websites, we collect information about your device such as IP address; time zone; device type, make, and model; operating system version; device ID; mobile service provider; and browser information. We may also collect your advertising ID (depending on your device settings).
Usage Data
: We also collect information about how you use the Platform and Services, such as frequency of use, areas and features of the Platform you visit, use patterns generally, and engagement with particular features.
Transaction Activity
: We collect information about transactions such as starting a trial, canceling or ending a trial, subscribing to the Services, completing a payment, or receiving a discount or refund.
Information about Sleep and Well-Being
: You may choose to provide us with certain information such as your sleep goals or information you provide through sleep notes when using our Platform and Services. If you take our sleep chronotypes quiz, we process your answers to generate your chronotype. We store your chronotype (but not your answers to the quiz questions) so that you can see it in your profile.
If you opt into and use the sleep tracker function within the Platform, we process the recordings to generate data points such as sleep and wake times, sleep scores, sleep phase graph data and recording classification. We store that data derived from the recordings (but not the recordings themselves) so you can see it in your profile. If you use certain third party sleep and fitness apps such as Apple HealthKit, Android Health Connect, and Google Fit, we give you the option to import information about your sleep from those apps into our Platform. In this Policy, we refer to any sleep information you choose to provide to us through any of the methods described above as “
Sleep Data
”).
Sleep Coaching
: If you choose to use our sleep coaching services, we process the answers you provide on the onboarding questionnaire to match you with a sleep coach.
Coach Data
: When you express an interest in providing coaching services through our Platform, we process information such as name, email address, phone number, address, bank account information, gender, date of birth, governmental identification numbers (SSN/FEIN), education, job history, and areas of expertise.
How We Collect Personal Information
We collect personal information from the following sources:
Directly From You
. You directly provide us with information such as information you enter into questionnaires, web forms, inquiries, or during account creation.
Automatically From Your Use of the Platform
. We collect certain information automatically as you use the Platform, in part using cookies and other tracking technologies (see
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
).
Information From External Sources
. We also receive information from external sources such as:
Analytics and Advertising Tools
. We use third-party analytics and advertising tools that provide us with your attribution data (information about the advertisement that brought you to the Platform). We use this information to customize and personalize your Platform and Services experience and to evaluate the effectiveness of our advertisements.
Advertising Networks
. We also participate in advertising networks, which collect information about your visits to our Platform and the websites of Third Parties that participate in the relevant ad networks, such as the pages or advertisements you view and the actions you take on the websites. This process helps us track the effectiveness of our marketing efforts and assists other websites and advertising partners to find you or people like you on different platforms, including social media websites.
Social Media Platforms
. If you sign in to our Platform or Services through social media, we receive identifying information from the applicable social media platform in order to authenticate you.
Some of our content, such as blog posts, includes the option to share the content on your social media. When you share such content, we may collect indirect data about you, like your IP address and information derived from your IP address (geographic location and information about your device like your preferred language). We may also collect the time and date that you visited the page for sharing. As a reminder, if you share information on social media, you will be subject to the privacy policies of those platforms.
Third Party Fitness and Sleep Apps and Services
. Our Platform gives you the option to import data into the Platform from other services you use such as Apple HealthKit, Android Health Connect, and Google Fit. We import this data only with your explicit consent. We only access and import categories of data related to your sleep.
Why We Collect and Use Personal Information
We collect and use personal information for the following reasons:
To provide the products and services you request, including processing payments, communicating with you, and providing customer service.
To customize your experience with the Platform, Services, and our offerings and recommendations to you
To help us understand how you use our Services and to maintain, improve and develop the Services
To monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities
To advertise and market our Services
To send you opportunities, promotions, news, updates and reminders about our Services and your account
To operate our Platform and business, including analyzing our performance
To maintain the safety, security, and integrity of our Platform, products and services
To comply with our legal obligations
If you are a Coach on our Platform, or being recruited to join us, in addition to the above we may process Coach Data to:
Assist in the Coach recruitment process and onboard you to the Platform
Operate the Platform, match users with you, and facilitate communication between you and your clients
Verify your identity and secure your account
Run background checks
To pay you and comply with all relevant tax laws
Offer you information about new features and opportunities
Send you emails, notifications and updates about your application, profile, or account
Reasons We Disclose Personal Information
We disclose personal information to other entities who provide services on our behalf and at our direction (“
Service Providers
”), including our data hosting and data storage partners, analytics and marketing providers, vendors providing technology services and support, payment processing, data security, and similar services. For the purposes of this Policy, a “
Third Party
” is any entity that is not Ipnos, not a Service Provider, not a Coach, or any other parties that are specifically defined in this Policy.
We may also disclose personal information as follows:
At Your Direction
. We may share your information with your consent or at your request or direction.
Business Partners.
For users who receive services in connection with an employer, organization, or other business partner (“
Business Partner
”), we may share certain usage data with your business partner. Your Business Partner will provide notice for any personal information which is shared with the organization and have provided them with consent for us to do so. If you have any questions on how your information will be used by or shared with your organization, please reach out to your organization directly.
Affiliates
. We may share information with any current or future parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, or other companies under common control and ownership with us.
Compliance with law
. We may share your information with a court, a government entity, a regulatory entity, law enforcement personnel, or pursuant to a subpoena, to comply with applicable law or any obligations thereunder.
In the context of a transaction
. We may share your information in connection with an asset sale, merger, bankruptcy, or other business transaction.
For other business reasons
. We may share your information to the extent necessary to enforce any applicable Terms of Service, and to ensure the safety and security of the Services and our users.
Advertising
. We may share certain personal information used for advertising (such as device ID, IP address, version information) with our Third Party advertising partners for advertising and marketing purposes.
Legal Grounds for Processing Personal Information
Certain jurisdictions require a legal basis for processing personal information. We rely on the following legal bases for processing personal information:
Consent
: based on your consent or otherwise consistent with your choices.
Performance of Contract
: to fulfill a contract, or take steps related to a contract. This applies where you register to use the Platform (whether as a free trial or on a subscription basis). This includes providing you with the Services, authenticating you, processing payments, sending necessary communications (for example, related to payments), and providing customer service or support.
Legitimate Interests
: as required to conduct our business and pursue our legitimate interests. This includes: operating the Platform, providing the Services, analyzing your use of the Platform and Services, measuring the effectiveness of our Platform and Services, developing the Platform and Services, diagnosing problems in our Platform and Services, and otherwise improving the safety, security and performance of the Platform and Services.
Legal Obligation
: as necessary to meet our legal obligations, including responding to requests by government or law enforcement authorities or as otherwise reasonably necessary to prevent, detect, or address illegal activity.
We will not collect any personal data that is not needed for the purposes described in this Policy. Nor will we process personal data in a way that is incompatible with the purposes for which it has been collected unless subsequently authorized by you.
Cookies and Similar Technologies
A “cookie” is a small data file that a website places on your device to store data that can be recalled by the website at a later time. Other technologies such as web beacons, tags, pixels, and mobile identifiers are used for similar purposes. In this Policy, when we refer to “cookies” we include all of these similar technologies.
We use our own, Service Provider, and Third Party cookies to remember your and honor preferences, optimize your experience on our Platform, monitor and analyze usage, and for advertising purposes.
You can change your browser’s settings so it will stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie. On a mobile device, you can adjust the device’s settings to control tracking technologies. For more information about managing cookie preferences and tracking technologies see
here
.
Personalized Advertising and Ad Networks
We advertise our Platform and Services on third-party websites through our participation in advertising networks and use of Third Party advertising partners.
Ad networks allow us to target our messaging to users through demographic, interest-based, and contextual means. These networks track individuals’ online activities over time by collecting information through automated means, including using cookies, web server logs, and web beacons. The networks use this information to show advertisements that may be tailored to an individual’s interests. The information our ad networks may collect includes information about your visits to websites that participate in the relevant ad networks, such as the pages or advertisements you view and the actions you take on the websites. This data collection takes place both on our Platform and on third-party websites that participate in the ad networks. This process also helps us track the effectiveness of our marketing efforts and assists other websites and advertising partners to find you or people like you on different platforms, including social media websites.
For information about how to opt out of personalized advertising, see
Exercising Your Right to Opt-Out
below.
Data Retention
We retain personal information for as long as required to fulfill the purpose for which it was collected and or as otherwise required by applicable laws.
Cross-Border Transfers
Our Service Providers are located in multiple jurisdictions, including Canada and the United States, which means that your personal information may be transferred outside of your country or jurisdiction of residence. We take steps to ensure that such transfers are subject to adequate protections, contractual or otherwise, so that personal information is transferred and processed in accordance with applicable data privacy laws.
Data Security
We strive to protect your personal information by implementing security features that are proportionate to the risks, such as unauthorized access or disclosure. Our Platform and Services use encryption, and access to your data is only granted on a need-to-know basis to individuals who are subject to a non-disclosure agreement or similar confidentiality obligations.
While we take all of these precautions, no measure is perfect and we are unable to guarantee that your data will be absolutely safe from any unauthorized or unlawful access, loss, alteration, or destruction. If we learn of a security systems breach, we may either post a notice, or attempt to notify you by email and will take reasonable steps to remedy the breach as specified in applicable law and this Policy. If we learn of a potential breach, together with other actions referred to in this Policy (such as notifying you in certain cases), we may also undertake actions to remedy the breach, including, but not limited to, logging you out from the Platform and Services, resetting a password (sending a temporary password for you to use) and performing other reasonably necessary activities and actions.
U.S. State Privacy Notice
Some U.S. states have passed privacy laws that apply to residents of those states, including California (the California Consumer Privacy Act or the “
CCPA
”), Colorado (the Colorado Privacy Act), Connecticut (the Connecticut Act Concerning Personal Data Privacy and Online Monitoring), Utah (the Utah Consumer Privacy Act), and Virginia (the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act) (we refer to these and other similar laws collectively as the “
U.S. Privacy Laws
”).
This notice supplements our Privacy Policy by explaining your rights if you are a resident of one of those states and contains additional required information about the personal information we collect and use.
Information We Collect
The following sections of this Policy describe the personal information we collect, the sources from which the personal information is collected, and our purposes for collecting and using personal information.
Personal Information We Collect
How We Collect Personal Information
Why We Collect and Use Personal Information
U.S. Privacy Laws, in particular the CCPA, define certain categories of personal information. The personal information we have collected in the last 12 months falls into the following categories under the CCPA:
Identifiers such as name, email address, password and IP address (“
Identifiers
”)
Personal information described in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e))
Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law
Commercial information, including records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies (“
Commercial Information
”)
Internet or other electronic network activity information including browsing history, search history, and information regarding your interactions with our and third-party websites and advertisements (“
Internet Activity
”)
Geolocation data (“
Geolocation
”)
Audio information (sleep recordings, if you choose to use this feature of the Platform)
Professional or employment-related information (if you are or interested in becoming a Coach on our Platform)
Inferences derived from other personal information about you, which may include your preferences, interests, and other information used to personalize your experience. It may also include certain sleep-related characteristics, if you choose to use the sleep assessment features of the Platform.
Sensitive personal information – the Sleep Data we collect either through your interaction with the App or imported from other apps (in either case, only with your explicit consent) may be considered sensitive personal information as defined in U.S. Privacy Laws.
Disclosures of Personal Information
During the last 12 months, we made the following disclosures of personal information to Third Parties for the purposes described above in the section
Reasons We Disclose Personal Information
. (For clarity, all categories of information may be disclosed to our Service Providers, as defined above. All categories of information may also have been disclosed to our affiliates).
Category of Personal Information
Category of Third-Party
Identifiers
Analytics Providers; Advertising Networks/Advertising Partners; Integrated Apps (only if user opts in)
Personal information described in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e))
N/A (not disclosed to Third Parties)
Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law
Analytics Providers
Commercial Activity
Analytics Providers; Advertising Networks/Advertising Partners
Internet Activity
Analytics Providers; Advertising Networks/Advertising Partners
Geolocation
Analytics Providers; Advertising Networks/Advertising Partners
Audio Information
N/A (not disclosed to Third Parties)
Professional or employment-related information
N/A (not disclosed to Third Parties)
Inferences
Analytics Providers; Advertising Networks/Advertising Partners
Sensitive Personal Information (Sleep Data)
Integrated Apps (only if user opts in); Analytics Providers
“Sale,” “Sharing” and Personalized Ads
We do not sell personal information to Third Parties in exchange for money. Some U.S. Privacy laws, however, define “sale” and “sharing” broadly to include certain common advertising practices that allow us to advertise our App on other websites and show you ads that are tailored to your interests. Our use of ad networks (see
Personalized Advertising / Ad Networks
) falls within these broader definitions.
The information that we have “sold” or “shared” in the last 12 months includes the following categories of information, disclosed to our advertising networks and advertising partners for personalized advertising purposes:
Identifiers
Commercial Information
Internet Activity
Geolocation
Inferences
Sensitive Personal Information
The Sleep Data we collect and process may be considered sensitive personal information in some jurisdictions. Except with your explicit consent or as required by law, we do not use or disclose your sensitive information for purposes other than:
To perform the services or provide the goods you reasonably expect.
To prevent, detect, and investigate security incidents that compromise the availability, authenticity, integrity, or confidentiality of stored or transmitted personal information.
To resist malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal actions directed at us and to prosecute those responsible for those actions.
To ensure the physical safety of natural persons.
For short-term, transient use, (including non-personalized advertising) shown as part of your current interaction with the business, provided that the personal information is not disclosed to another third party and is not used to build a profile about you or otherwise alter an individual’s experience outside their current interaction with us.
To perform services on our behalf.
To verify or maintain the quality or safety of the Platform and Services and to improve, upgrade, or enhance the Platform and Services.
To collect or process sensitive personal information where the collection or processing is not for the purpose of inferring characteristics about an individual.
Your Rights
Depending on where you live and subject to certain exceptions under applicable law, you may have some or all of the following rights.
Right to Know / Right of Access.
The right to know what personal information we have collected about you, including the categories of personal information, the categories of sources from which the personal information is collected, the business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling, or sharing personal information, the categories of third parties to whom we disclose personal information, and the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.
Right to Data Portability
. In exercising your right to access personal information, you have the right to obtain the data in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format that allows you to transmit the data to another entity without hindrance.
Right to Delete.
The right to delete personal information we have collected about you, subject to certain exceptions.
Right to Correct.
The right to correct any inaccurate personal information we have about you.
Right to Opt-Out.
The right to opt out of the sharing/processing of your personal information for targeted advertising/cross-context behavioral advertising purposes.
Non-Discrimination.
The right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for the exercise of rights conferred on you by any applicable U.S. state privacy law.
To the extent any of the information we collect may be considered sensitive personal information under applicable law, we limit the use of such information to certain specific uses permitted by law. For example, to provide you with the Services you request.
Exercising Your Right to Know/Access, Right to Data Portability, Right to Correct or Right to Delete
To Exercise Your Right to Know/Right of Access, Right to Data Portability, Right to Correct, or Right to Delete, please submit a request by one of the following methods:
Calling us at (855) 213-6709
Emailing us at
privacy@ipnos.com
If you have an account with us, logging in to your account and submitting a request through your account.
Your request must include sufficient detail to allow us to understand, evaluate, and respond to it. It must also include sufficient information to allow us to verify that the person making the request is the person about whom we have collected information. If you have an account with us, we may verify your identity through existing authentication procedures for the account, provided your request relates to personal information associated with that account.
You may be entitled, under applicable law, to use an authorized agent to submit a request on your behalf. The agent must submit with the request your signed written permission authorizing them to make the request. Even if your agent provides this written permission, we may also require you to verify your identity directly with us or confirm with us that you gave the authorized agent permission to submit the request.
You may appeal any decision we have made about your request by following the instructions in the communication you receive from us.
Exercising Your Right to Opt-Out
You can opt out of targeted advertising (“sale” or “sharing” under the CCPA) or withdraw your consent to targeted advertising using one of the following options:
Mobile device opt-out: check your mobile device settings. Different manufacturers provide different ways to opt out of advertising.
Browser-based opt-out: your browser may offer a way to activate the Global Privacy Control (“GPC”) signal. We treat a GPC signal as a valid request to opt-out for that browser.
Email us at
privacy@ipnos.com
and then complete the instructions we send in response.
You may be entitled, under applicable law, to use an authorized agent to submit an opt-out request on your behalf. The agent must submit with the request your signed written permission authorizing them to make the request (this does not apply to requests made by an opt-out preference signal).
Updates to the Privacy Policy
This Policy may be updated periodically to reflect changes in our privacy practices. It is your responsibility to review the Privacy Policy from time to time to view any such changes.
Contact Information
If you have any questions or comments regarding this Policy or our privacy practices, or to submit a request, please email us at
privacy@ipnos.com
or use the contact details below:
Ipnos Software Inc.
Attn: Legal Department
1010-615 Boul Rene-Levesque O
Montreal, QC, H3B 1P5, CANADA