Vivid Apps and Strip Designer Privacy Policy
At Vivid Apps, the privacy of our users is of extreme importance to us. This privacy policy document outlines the types of personal information that is received, collected, and transmitted by the Strip Designer iOS application and how it is used.
If you require any additional information or have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us by email at
support@vividapps.com
.
What personal information do we collect from people that visit our web-site (vividapps.com)
We log ip-addresses of all visitors to any page on our web-site, but do
not
collect any other identifiable data. 
IP-adresses are used to improve the user experience of the site.
Do we use cookies?
No! We do not set or use cookies on our website
What personal information do we collect from people that use Strip Designer
In general, when you purchase Strip Designer, you do so through Apple's iOS and Mac App Stores. Vivid Apps does not
receive any personally identifiable data when you purchase the app.
All data in Strip Designer is stored locally on your device and no personal data is transmitted from the Strip Designer application 
without your explicit consent, but it can still be difficult to determine which data the application collects and transmits when you do give your consent.
In the following we intend to outline the types of personal data the application may collect and transmit, but
please contact us if you feel something is unclear or that there is a matter that we do not describe in accurate detail.
Photos
Strip Designer enables you to create comics with your own personal photos. You can select photos from your Photo Album or other documents on the device. Strip Designer
stores those photos and comics in your device's long-term memory, and they can be permanently removed 
via the "My Comics" interface, by deleting the Strip Designer application, or otherwise.
Your photos and comics are
not
transmitted by Strip Designer from the device to Vivid Apps' or a third party's online server
without your explicit consent. 
In particular, be aware that if you use iCloud for backup or synchronization of data, the data will be transmitted and stored on Apple's iCloud servers.
Sharing on Email
Strip Designer allows you to email the comics using the iOS email services, and only sends the email
to the recipients that you explicitly list on the email screen on your device. 
Consult the privacy policy of your's and your recipient's email services to determine how your email data may be used by those services.
Vivid Apps does
not
collect data when you send emails.
Storing on Dropbox
Strip Designer has tight integration with Dropbox that allows you to download and upload comics and images using embedded Dropbox support from within the app.
Consult the privacy policy of Dropbox if you choose to use this feature.
Vivid Apps does
not
collect data in relation to your use of Dropbox.
Maps
Strip Designer enables you to insert maps in place of photos. To access local map data your current location (GPS coordinates) 
can be used by the app, but only if you explicitly give permission. Your location data is not collected by
Vivid Apps and only transmitted to a map service to download map images.
Font installation
Strip Designer has a feature that allows you to download and install fonts into the app from 
several major font websites.
While Strip Designer doesn't collect any user data in this context, these sites 
commonly uses tracking cookies.
If you use this feature, please to refer to the privacy policy of the individual 
font sites.
Support Emails
If you send us an email requesting help or asking questions to our vividapps.com addresses, 
we keep the contents of your email and email address until you request its deletion (right to be forgotten).
We do not use the contents of your email or email address for any other purpose than to respond to your request.
We do not share the contents of your email or email address for with third parties.
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under 13, 
the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. 
Vivid Apps does not knowingly collect information from children under 13. 
If we learn that we have collected the personal information of a child under 13 without first 
receiving verifiable parental consent we will take steps to delete the information as soon as possible.
If you suspect your child's information has been collected, please contact us at support@vividapps.com
in order to remove your child’s information.
Please note that this may happen, in particular, if your child send us a support email requesting help
or asking questions.
As we do not knowingly collect personal information of children under 13, and do not intend to we adhere to the following COPPA tenants:
Parents can review, delete, manage or refuse with whom their child’s information is shared through contacting us directly at support@vividapps.com
Crash Report Collection
The Strip Designer application may exit abnormally in case of program error. In this case, a crash report will be generated that contains
information about the location of the error in the program. Reports can be helpful to locate common program errors and improve the stability of the application. 
Should the user agree to send reports either by explicitly stating so, or by having enabled crash reporting in the device settings, 
these reports will be transmitted to online report-collecting servers and accessed by Vivid Apps. Reports are anonymous and 
do not contain any personal information.
Data Breach
In case of a data breach, we will notify our users via email within 7 business days.
Note, that the only personally identifiable data we collect and store is support emails and IP-addresses of visitors to vividapps.com.
We can only contact users for whom we have recieved support emails, as we do not have contact information for 
users from whom we have not received a support email.
Usage Tracking
Strip Designer does not collect and transmit usage data, except from aforementioned crash reports.
Changes
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time as the application is updated and new features are added. Please return to this page regularly for changes.
Last updated January 2023.