This Privacy Policy explains how the England and Wales Cricket Board Limited (
ECB
) uses and protects your personal data, as well as your rights in respect of it, how to exercise your rights and how to contact us.
Information about other people
If you provide information to us about any person other than yourself (such as someone you are making a booking for, an emergency contact, a professional representative or a colleague), you must ensure that they understand how their information will be used and that you are authorised to disclose it to us (and to consent to its use on their behalf) before doing so.
Want to see our child-friendly privacy policy? Click
here
Detailed information about the personal data we obtain, where we get it from, why we use it and who we may share it with, the legal basis on which we use it, where personal data will be held and details of how long we will keep it for are set out in the relevant
Privacy Notice
that we provide when we obtain personal data.
Website users.
If you are merely browsing our website and not providing any other personal data to us, instead of a Privacy Notice, all of the privacy information is in this Privacy Policy and the Cookie Notice that will have appeared as a ‘pop up’ on the site.
Users of our online shops.
Our online shops are currently operated for us by J.Carter Sporting Club Ltd (trading as Castore Sportswear).  All of the privacy information is in this Privacy Policy (you can find out more about this by scrolling down to ‘
Our online shops
’ below) and the Cookie Notice that will be on the site.
App users.
Most of our apps do not involve us obtaining any recognisable personal data other than device information to enable the app to operate and ensure that each time you use it, you can pick up where you left off and to gather some analytics (you can find out more about this by scrolling down to ‘
Apps, IP addresses, cookies and tracking tools
’ below).  Where we obtain any other personal data, the app or the app’s Privacy Notice will include details.
About us
The ECB is the national governing body for cricket in England and Wales and is responsible for the growth of, and participation in, cricket from grass roots level all the way through to the professional game.  The ECB is behind a number of initiatives to help fans get involved including:
Play-Cricket.
The online home of recreational cricket.  Play-Cricket is designed to help administrators manage their Leagues, Competitions, Clubs and Teams whilst allowing access to all the latest scores and statistics for players and their followers
FIND OUT MORE
We Are England Cricket Supporters.
Helps to keep fans informed with news, highlights and behind the scenes content from the England camp
FIND OUT MORE
All Stars Cricket.
A programme for all 5-8 year olds designed to give them their first taste of cricket
FIND OUT MORE
Dynamos.
The follow-on programme to All Stars Cricket – a fantastic next step for all those graduating from All Stars Cricket and the perfect introduction for all 8-11 year olds new to cricket
FIND OUT MORE
The Hundred.
The ECB is the organiser of The Hundred
FIND OUT MORE
Apps.
The ECB produces a range of mobile apps such as the Dynamos app and the Countdown Cricket Scorer app
FIND OUT MORE
ICC Cricket World Cup 2019.
The ECB was the Local Organising Committee for the event run on behalf of the International Cricket Council (
ICC
), the world governing body for cricket
Our relationship with you
The ECB operates in many capacities, for example:
as an employer
as a website operator
as a provider of goods and services to fans and customers
as a supplier of services to other cricket organisations such as local cricket clubs or cricket leagues
as the organiser of the professional game
as a provider of cricket-related apps
as a provider of resources and training for cricket coaches
as a provider of support for cricket officials such as umpires
as a provider of support for volunteers
as an accreditor for media organisations
as a customer of other organisations that provide services to us, such as our survey technology and our online shops
You may be known to us in a number of ways.  For example, we know that some of our employees and accredited media personnel also use our online shops and are, therefore, also customers.  In this Privacy Policy, all of the ways we know you are grouped together and referred to as ‘
Our Relationship
’.
Data protection compliance
Unless we say otherwise in our Privacy Notice (in most cases, this will be the privacy notice you have been reading and which provided a link to this Privacy Policy) – we call this the ‘
Relevant ECB Privacy Notice
’ - the ECB is the data controller in respect of all personal data we obtain whether that is on one of the ECB’s websites or as a result of Our Relationship with you.  This means that we are responsible for ensuring that we do so in full compliance with data protection and all other related privacy laws.
IT IS IMPORTANT THAT YOU UNDERSTAND AND ARE COMFORTABLE WITH ALL PRIVACY TERMS BEFORE USING OUR WEBSITE(S) AND/OR BECOMING INVOLVED WITH THE ECB AND WE ENCOURAGE YOU TO TAKE TIME TO READ THEM.
Reporting Discrimination initiative
Discrimination has no place in cricket.  The ECB is committed to taking all allegations of discrimination within cricket in England and Wales very seriously and wants to ensure that anyone can report it in the knowledge that we will act appropriately.
You can report discrimination using
this form
.  Our Relevant ECB Privacy Notice that explains how personal data from our Reporting Discrimination Initiative is used, protected and shared can be
found here
.
Links to other websites
Please note, ECB websites and our other services may contain links to other websites (such as those of advertisers or our partners) that are not controlled by us, or our service providers.  These links are provided for your convenience.
WE ARE ONLY RESPONSIBLE FOR OUR OWN PRIVACY PRACTICES AND SECURITY OF OUR SYSTEMS AND WEBSITES.
WE RECOMMEND THAT YOU CHECK THE PRIVACY AND SECURITY POLICIES AND PROCEDURES OF EACH AND EVERY OTHER WEBSITE THAT YOU VISIT.
Children
If you are under 13, you will need to ask your parent or carer to register you for any ECB services you want to use (including apps or our online shops), and will need the permission of your parent or carer before bookings and purchases can be made or you can take part in any games and events.
We may require your parent or carer to confirm that they have given permission.  We may ask for their contact details so that we can check that they have done so and may carry out checks to confirm that the details you have given us are correct.
If you are under 13, we will normally only send newsletters and offers and opportunities to you if your parent or carer has given their consent to them being sent.  Your parents / carers can change their mind at any time (see ‘
Invitations, newsletters, offers and opportunities
’ below).
The information we collect and its sources
The information we obtain about you and its sources will depend on the nature of Our Relationship.  Specific detail will be in the
Relevant ECB Privacy Notice
but to give you a general idea we will generally obtain:
details of any devices you have used to interact with us
details of the ECB services and opportunities you have expressed an interest in, such as which of our websites you have used (and, maybe, which pages you have looked at)
contact details
date of birth, gender, nationality and ethnicity (in each case, where relevant)
details of any next of kin, family members and emergency contacts (in each case, where relevant)
information about other cricket organisations you have a relationship with such as County Cricket Boards, cricket clubs or cricket leagues
information about your eligibility to play, work for us, make purchases or take up our services
medical and injury information (where relevant)
payment details and details of returns or refunds (in each case, where relevant)
supporting information that is relevant to Our Relationship such as photographs for accreditations, clothing size and any personalisation for kit or other items where we are supplying this, dietary requirements where you or someone else you are providing details for are attending an event or meeting where refreshments are being provided, allergy information or treatment that may need to be given
audio-visual materials such as photographs and video recordings
accreditations, qualifications and training
match and playing statistics
anti-doping, disciplinary, safeguarding and anti-corruption information, including DBS information (criminal records checks) (in each case, where relevant)
feedback
survey responses
your direct marketing preferences
records of your interactions with us such as telephone conversations, emails and other correspondence
details of any ‘consents’ you have given
Some of this information will be obtained before any decisions about whether to enter into an arrangement with you is made and is needed to enable decisions to be made.
Where we obtain information
We obtain information from a wide variety of sources depending on the nature of Our Relationship or proposed relationship.
Specific detail will be in the
Relevant ECB Privacy Notice
but to give you a general idea, we may obtain information:
directly from you (or from someone who is requesting goods or services for you or is providing references or other supporting information to support Our Relationship)
from other information we already hold as a result of Our Relationship
from any device you use to communicate with us such as when accessing ECB websites or apps, from telephone conversations, emails and written and verbal communications including blogs and social media interactions
from records of the goods and services provided to you. Some of this information may be obtained from the service providers we use, such as ticket agents
from talent scouts and scouting data providers, the media, coaches, umpires and other match officials
from third party data providers
from agents, representatives and family members
We may supplement the information that you provide with other information that we obtain from our dealings with you (such as tickets you have purchased, newsletters you have subscribed to, events you or someone you book for have attended, your roles and achievements in cricket and details from other ECB services you have signed up for, use or have used, such as Play-Cricket and We Are England Supporters) or which we receive from other organisations, such as other cricket organisations, sponsors or commercial partners.
Our online shops
The shop experience
Our online shops are currently operated for us by J.Carter Sporting Club Ltd (trading as Castore Sportswear).  The relevant privacy information is in this Privacy Policy (which is the
Relevant ECB Privacy Notice
for shop purchases) and the Cookie Notice that will be on the site you use.
When you order goods or services through any of our online shops, in addition to your own information (usually contact details, details of your order and preferences), you may be asked for information about other people.  This would typically apply where you order a gift online and want it sent directly to the person you are buying for, in which case, you will be asked for the contact details of that person.
Our shop operator will receive details of your order (including any personalisation requirements) and delivery information so that they can acknowledge and process your order, contact you about any issues with your order and deal with any enquiries you may have.
If delivery is to be made to a person outside the United Kingdom, the address details will be provided to third parties that may be involved in the delivery chain such as relevant customs agencies and delivery businesses such as couriers.
Payments
All payments in our online shops are taken through a payment gateway (such as Sage Pay or Yorkshire Payments) so we do not get details of any credit or other payment cards, nor does our shop operator.
Legal basis for processing personal data
Personal data obtained through our online shops is normally processed on the basis it is necessary to perform the supply and delivery contract entered into with you, that we have your consent (which can be withdrawn at any time) or on the basis of our legitimate interests to secure payment, deal with any complaints and to understand trends and interests in order to improve our service and offering.
How long your personal data is retained for
Our shop provider expects to keep order details for 1 year to deal with any issues that may arise.  We may keep personal data for longer (see the section ‘
Data retention
’ below)
Rights in respect of personal data
See the section ‘
Your rights
’ below.
Contact details
You can contact our shop operator using the ‘Contact Us’ details on the relevant online shop site.  Details of how to contact the ECB are shown at the end of this Privacy Policy (see the section ‘
How to contact us
’ below).
Apps, IP addresses, cookies and tracking tools
Apps
Most ECB apps do not involve us obtaining obvious user personal data that enables us to know who you are but, in order to enable the app to function and to help with analytics, the app functionality may mean we get some information that privacy laws designate as personal data.  This includes details of the app that has been downloaded and may include the age range of the user, their country of residence, the brand of the device used, the type and model of the device that the app has been downloaded to, user gender, interests (such as arts and entertainment, sport) and when the user firsts opens the app.  Analytics also automatically generates a unique identifier for each downloaded copy of the app to compute user metrics.  This is known as an ‘
app instance identifier
’.
The ECB’s apps do not normally include an option for in-app purchases.
If you download an ECB app that involves us processing more clearly identifiable personal data or includes tracking for in-app purchases, the ECB will ensure you are provided with a Relevant ECB Privacy Notice to ensure you have the relevant privacy information.
PLEASE NOTE, THE APP STORE YOU USE TO DOWNLOAD THE APP MAY ALSO OBTAIN AND PROCESS PERSONAL DATA ABOUT YOU AND YOUR CHOICE / USE OF APPS.  WE ARE ONLY RESPONSIBLE FOR OUR OWN PRIVACY PRACTICES AND THE SECURITY OF OUR SYSTEMS.
WE RECOMMEND THAT YOU CHECK THE PRIVACY AND SECURITY POLICIES AND PROCEDURES OF EACH APP STORE YOU USE TO DOWNLOAD APPS.
IP addresses
In order to understand how users use ECB websites and our services and the things they are interested in, we may collect your Internet Protocol addresses (also known as IP addresses).  Your IP address is a unique address that computer devices (such as PCs, tablets and smartphones) use to identify themselves and in order to communicate with other devices in the network.
Cookies
In common with many other website operators, we may use standard technology called 'cookies' on ECB websites. Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive and they are used to record how you navigate ECB websites on each visit.
Our cookies are used to enable us to develop ECB websites and to enable you to properly navigate them.  We use cookies to collect personal data to enable us to reflect our users’ interests and by noting who has seen which pages, properties and advertisements (including ‘click throughs’ from emails), how frequently particular pages are visited and to enable us to determine the most popular areas of ECB websites. We may use cookies to enrich your experience of using ECB websites by allowing us to tailor what you see to what we have learned about your preferences during your visits to our sites.  Sometimes we may use services of third parties and they may use cookies on our behalf in order to provide their services.
The cookies we use can be found in the
Cookie Notice
on each of the ECB websites that you visit.  You will see these as a ‘pop-up’ the first time you use the website and again if you use our website after having deleted our cookies for that website.
Google Ad Manager
ECB websites use Google Ad Manager, a service provided by Google through which it uses advertising cookies to serve adverts.  These cookies enable the ECB, other
CRICKET ORGANISATIONS
and
ECB SPONSORS & PARTNERS
to serve you with adverts based on your previous visits to our websites or other websites that you have visited.
Preventing use of these advertising cookies
You can choose not to be shown personalised advertising when visiting ECB websites by visiting Ads Settings or you can choose to stop Google using cookies for personalised advertising by visiting
www.aboutads.info
You can find Google’s explanation of how it will use your information at this link
How Google uses data when you use our partners’ sites or apps
Preventing use of cookies
Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually change your browser to prevent cookies being stored.  With experience, you can usually choose to switch off all cookies or to allow only certain ‘trusted’ sites to place cookies.
For further information on cookies and Flash cookies and how to switch them off see the Information Commissioner’s website at
www.ico.gov.uk
or visit
www.allaboutcookies.org
or
www.aboutcookies.org
.
PLEASE NOTE, IF YOU DO TURN COOKIES OFF, THIS WILL LIMIT THE SERVICE THAT WE ARE ABLE TO PROVIDE TO YOU AND MAY AFFECT YOUR USER EXPERIENCE.
Tracking technology
Occasionally, we may use digital tracking (usually in a cookie) on ECB websites or in emails we send to you.  We use these to ensure you receive appropriate information and do not receive multiple communications about the same thing (such as ticketing offers) from different cricket-related organisations.
Preventing use of tracking technologies
If you stop cookies, this will normally stop any tracking from the website.  Where we plan to use tracking technology, we will ask for your consent.
PLEASE NOTE, IF YOU DO NOT ALLOW US TO USE TRACKING TECHNOLOGY, YOU MAY RECEIVE COMMUNICATIONS THAT ARE OF LESS INTEREST TO YOU OR MULTIPLE COMMUNICATIONS ABOUT THE SAME THING FROM DIFFERENT CRICKET-RELATED ORGANISATIONS.
How we will use your information and the legal basis for doing so
All personal data that we obtain about you and/or any other person whose details you provide will be recorded, used, and protected by us (and, where relevant, our shop operator) in accordance with current data protection legislation, any applicable terms of use, the
Relevant ECB Privacy Notice
and this Privacy Policy and any consents or other arrangements agreed with you (or those other persons) or on your / their behalf.
Typically we use personal data for:
administration - for registration and general administration (including verification and security checking), creating and administering login credentials and access controls for online services and dealing with any payments
delivery - to provide the goods and services you request from us or our shop operator (including helping you with any specific needs you or others in your group may have)
competition administration – to administer competitions and prize draws
communication - to communicate with you
compliance - to comply with our legal responsibilities
safety and safeguarding - to ensure a safe environment to work in and for the enjoyment of cricket events and activities
records - for record-keeping purposes
market research - to carry out market research so that we can improve our offerings
service development - for research purposes and to enable us to understand requirements and develop cricket-related services
social inclusion - to keep under review equal opportunities within cricket and/or ethnicity information to enable us to monitor and ensure compliance with anti-discrimination policies and/or to comply with our obligations to Sport England
analysis - to track and analyse activity on ECB websites and to understand the interests and views of all those involved in cricket
getting to know you - to create an individual profile for you so that we can enhance your user experience, to understand and respect your preferences and to provide updates and details of relevant opportunities where you have agreed to receive them
to deal with any complaints
Consent and lawful processing of personal data
The legal basis for the collection and processing of your personal data depends on the type of information, the purpose for which we use it and the nature of Our Relationship.  There are a large number of legal bases for our use of personal data such as to enable us to comply with our legal responsibilities (for example a contract we have with you or which the law imposes on us) or that the processing is in our legitimate interests (for example to uphold standards and ensure the reputation of and opportunities in cricket are enhanced) or for establishing and dealing with any legal claims.  Apart from direct marketing, social inclusion or dealing with medical needs, we rarely rely on consent.
A comprehensive explanation is set out in the
Relevant ECB Privacy Notice
.
Disclosing your information
In order to provide our products and services, to act as the national governing body for cricket and to operate our business, we need to share relevant information with certain other organisations.  The
Relevant ECB Privacy Notice
has specific details.
We may, occasionally, appoint other organisations to carry out some of the processing activities on our behalf. These may include, for example, technology hosts, printing companies and mailing houses. In these circumstances, we will ensure that personal data is properly protected and that it is only used in accordance with the
Relevant ECB Privacy Notice
and our Privacy Policy.
Where relevant, for example, if you have attended a match or event, we may share details with NHS Test and Trace.
We may share relevant information with competition and prize draw partners, our professional advisers and regulators.
Cricket organisations
As the national governing body for cricket, the ECB has relationships with other cricket related organisations such as First Class Cricket Counties, the National Counties Cricket Association, County Cricket Boards, cricket clubs and cricket leagues (each a
Cricket Organisation
) and some of the goods and services available on or through ECB websites are provided by those Cricket Organisations. Each Cricket Organisation has its own privacy practices and you should check that you are satisfied with them before you provide any personal data to them.
PLEASE NOTE, EACH CRICKET ORGANISATION HAS ITS OWN PRIVACY PRACTICES AND WE ARE ONLY RESPONSIBLE FOR OUR OWN PRIVACY PRACTICES AND THE SECURITY OF OUR SYSTEMS.
WE RECOMMEND THAT YOU CHECK THE PRIVACY AND SECURITY POLICIES AND PROCEDURES OF EACH CRICKET ORGANISATION BEFORE YOU PROVIDE ANY PERSONAL DATA TO THEM.
You can view an up-to-date list of
CRICKET ORGANISATIONS
by clicking the link.
ECB commercial partners
The ECB teams up with a variety of sponsors and commercial partners each of which bring value to the game and many of them are happy to make offers and opportunities available to you so that you can also benefit from them being in the cricket family.
You can view an up-to-date list of
ECB SPONSORS & PARTNERS
by clicking the link.
Invitations, newsletters, offers and opportunities
The ECB,
CRICKET ORGANISATIONS
and
ECB SPONSORS & PARTNERS
would like to contact you and/or any person whose information you provide to us to invite you to enjoy other products and services (where you have agreed to us sending an invitation), to provide newsletters and to tell you and/or them about offers and opportunities that are available and about a range of other initiatives in a number of ways, including by post, text message, email or, for relevant services, push notification, personalised on-screen messages and social media.
Preferences / Subscribe / Unsubscribe
Details of how to opt-in to or opt-out of receiving newsletters and details of offers are on relevant pages of ECB websites, in relevant forms you complete and/or in the message you receive.
You and any other person whose information you have provided to us can change your/their mind about whether you/they wish to receive details of offers and opportunities at any time by using any of the methods shown below (see the section ‘
How to contact us
’ below or refer to the
Relevant ECB Privacy Notice
) or by following the instructions provided with each offer you/they receive.
Security
We take the security of personal data seriously.  We employ security technology, including firewalls, and Secure Socket Layers to safeguard information and have procedures in place to ensure that our paper and computer systems and databases are protected against unauthorised disclosure, use, loss and damage and have robust protocols in place to deal with a data breach in the unlikely event one should occur.
We only use third party service providers where we are satisfied that they provide adequate security for your personal data.
We may monitor or record telephone calls for security purposes and to improve the quality of the services we provide to you.
Data retention
The duration for which we keep your personal data depends on the type of information and the purpose for which we use it as well as the nature of Our Relationship.  Some information is kept for a very short time (such as website and app device data) but other information may be kept indefinitely (such as match statistics for professional players).  A detailed explanation is set out in the
Relevant ECB Privacy Notice
.
Use of your information outside of the United Kingdom
Unless we say otherwise in the
Relevant ECB Privacy Notice
you are given, we do not transfer personal data outside of the United Kingdom or the European Economic Area other than, potentially, to a few of our service providers in other parts of the world.  Wherever we transfer your personal data outside of the United Kingdom, we will take proper steps to ensure that it is protected in accordance with this Privacy Policy and applicable privacy laws.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Privacy laws and practice are constantly developing and we aim to meet high standards.  Our policies and procedures are, therefore, under continual review. We may, from time to time, update our security and privacy policies.  If we want to make any significant changes to the way in which we will use your personal data we will contact you directly and, if required, seek your consent.
We will ensure ECB websites have our most up to date Privacy Policy and suggest that you visit our privacy pages periodically to review our latest version.
Updating and correcting information
You may update or correct your personal data online in relevant membership areas or by contacting us in writing or by email (see the section ‘
How to contact us
’ below or refer to the
Relevant ECB Privacy Notice
). Please include your name, address and/or email address when you contact us as this helps us to ensure that we accept amendments only from the correct person. We encourage you to promptly update your personal data if it changes.
If you are providing updates or corrections about another person, we may require you to provide us with proof that you are authorised to provide that information to us.
Your rights
You have a number of legal rights in respect of your personal data.
PLEASE NOTE, SOME OF THE LEGAL RIGHTS SHOWN BELOW ARE SUBJECT TO EXCEPTIONS WHICH MEANS THAT WE MAY BE ENTITLED, OR REQUIRED, TO REFUSE TO COMPLY WITH A REQUEST.
Your rights include:
right of access.
The right to receive a copy of the personal data that we hold about you.  The same right applies to any other person whose personal data you provide to us.  We will require proof of identity and proof of authority if the request comes from someone other than the person whose data we are asked to provide.  This will ensure we only provide information to the correct person.
right to withdraw consent to direct marketing.
You can exercise this right at any time and can update your preferences yourself or ask us to do it for you.  See section ‘
Updating and correcting information
’ above for details.
right to withdraw consent to other processing.
Where the only legal basis for our processing your personal data is that we have your consent to do so, you may withdraw your consent to that processing at any time and we will have to stop processing your personal data.  Please note, this will only affect a new activity and does not mean that processing carried out before you withdrew your consent is unlawful.
right to rectification.
If you consider any of your personal data is inaccurate, you can correct it yourself or ask us to do it for you (see section ‘
Updating and correcting information
’ above for details).
right of restriction.
In limited circumstances you may be able to require us to restrict our processing of your personal data.  For example, if you consider what we hold is inaccurate and we disagree, the processing may be restricted until the accuracy has been verified.
right of erasure.
In some circumstances, for example, where we have no legal basis for retaining your personal data, you may be entitled to require us to delete your personal data.
right to object.
Where our processing is based on it being in our legitimate interests, your rights and freedoms, based on your particular situation, may enable you to object to our processing.
right of portability.
Where you have provided personal data to us electronically, you may be entitled to require us to provide that data to you electronically or to transmit it to another organisation.
right to complain.
If you have any concerns or complaints about how we are handling your personal data we would prefer you to get in touch with us directly so that we can try to resolve the (see ‘
How to contact us
’ below). You can also contact the Information Commissioner’s Office at
www.ico.org.uk
.
How to contact us
Mail
Privacy Officer
England and Wales Cricket Board Limited
Lord’s Cricket Ground
London
NW8 8QZ
Phone
0207 432 1200
Email
privacy@ecb.co.uk