PRIVACY POLICY
This privacy policy applies to the use of adX (Eric Pousse) Website and Apps.
We highly value your privacy and make this policy easily available
throughout our site to assist you in understanding the handling of
information in the course of using this site.
Links to Other Websites
Our website may contain links to other sites that are not controlled in
any way by us. Please be aware of this when you click on any such
links; we are not responsible for the privacy practices and/or policies
of any website other than our own. Consequently, we strongly suggest
that you  review the privacy policy of every website you visit,
whether or not they are linked to by our own site.
Personal Information :
We do not collect any personal informations in any way.
Registration :
Registration is not required in order to use or access our apps.
If you do register in our forum, and in the process provide us with
personally identifiable information, rest assured that any such
information you provide will not be shared with any third-party
organization.
Please note that if you post comments or articles to any forum, blog or
message board on our website, any personally identifiable information
you provide in those comments or articles may be read, collated and
used by anyone viewing them. As such, we are not responsible for
personally identifiable information you may choose to make available
through these channels.
Security
Please be aware that no method of electronic storage can ever be 100%
secure. Therefore as is the case with any organization - we are not in
a position to guarantee the absolute security of your information.
You may submit any questions you may have about our security procedures by emailing us at adx@adx-online.com
Links to Other Websites
This website may contain links to other sites that are not controlled
in any way by us. Please be aware of this when you click on any such
links; we are not responsible for the privacy practices and/or policies
of any website other than our own. Consequently, we strongly suggest
that you  review the privacy policy of every website you visit,
whether or not they are linked to by our own site.
Legal Disclaimer
We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable
information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is
necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial
proceeding, court order or legal process served on our website.
Contact Details
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this privacy policy, or
you wish to contact us by email, our contact information is :
adx@adx-online.com
This privacy policy was last updated on 13 November 2018.