Cobra Mobile - Privacy Policy
Updated 10th January, 2024.
Cobra Mobile is committed to protecting our users ("you", "your") privacy.
This website ("the Website") is owned and operated by Cobra Mobile Limited ("
we
", "
us
", "
our
").
This privacy policy is for any Cobra Mobile provided application ("
game
", "
application
") and services provided as part of.
DATA COLLECTION
Cobra Mobile collects certain game play usage related data for the purpose of improving our games and related services. This helps us to understand what players are doing and what parts of our games are working and not working. This data is collected anonymously and through Third Party Services (see below). If you do not wish to share any game play related data you can switch this off at any time in the settings menu via the "Data Usage" option.
Where applicable, the Data Usage option in the Application allows you to disable all Data Collection. Data Usage/Data collection is only relevant to our Mobile, Tablet and Smart TV applications.
DATA SHARING
We do not share any collected data with any other party and any data we collect is stored safely.
DATA TRANSFER
Cobra Mobile reserves the right to transfer any currently held data in the event that,
∙ It is required to by law
∙ When we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request.
∙ If Cobra Mobile is involved in a company merger, acquisition, sale or change of ownership.
THIRD PARTY SERVICE
At present the Application may use a third party service from "
Unity Ads
", "
AppLovin
", "
Flurry
", "
AdMob
",  "
Facebook
" and "
Tapjoy
".
The Application may use Unity Ads. to serve adverts, users are advised that data may be collected independently by Unity. For full details of Unity's Privacy Policy, please visit,
http://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
The Application may use AdMob Ads. to serve adverts, users are advised that data may be collected independently by AdMob. For full details of AdMob's Privacy Policy, please visit,
https://policies.google.com/privacy
The Application may use AppLovin to serve adverts, users are advised that data may be collected independently by AppLovin. For full details of AppLovin's Privacy Policy, please visit,
https://www.applovin.com/privacy/
The Application may use Flurry Analytics to collect game play data. For full details of Flurry's Privacy Policy, please visit,
https://developer.yahoo.com/flurry/legal-privacy/terms-service/flurry-analytics-terms-service.html
The Application may use Facebook Analytics to collect game play data. For full details of Facebook's Privacy Policy, please visit,
https://www.facebook.com/full_data_use_policy
The Application may use a Tapjoy provided service to serve adverts or offer incentives, users are advised that data may be collected independently by Tapjoy. For full details of Tapjoy's Privacy Policy, please visit,
https://www.tapjoy.com/legal/#privacy-policy
FACEBOOK/FACEBOOK CONNECT
Some of our applications can connect through Facebook to enhance the application and user experience. By using Facebook to connect to your account, you will be providing us with basic account information i.e. user ID and name. We do not cache or store any data we receive from Facebook.
PRIVACY OF CHILDREN
Our applications are not directed at children under the age of 13. Cobra Mobile does not knowingly collect, solicit or store personal information from anyone under the age of 13. We are committed to adhering to the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) and EU standards. If you believe that we may have collected information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at, support@cobramobile.com and we will delete such information from our files within a reasonable time.
PRIVACY POLICY CHANGES
This Privacy Policy is subject to change by us at any time. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes.
CHANGES
Cobra reserves the right at any time to make changes to any section of its Privacy Policy, Terms of Service or License Agreement.
YOUR CONSENT
By using the Application, you are consenting to our processing of your data as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us from time to time.
CONTACT INFORMATION
Cobra Mobile Limited, Unit 22, City Quay, Camperdown Street, Dundee, Scotland, DD1 3JA, UK.
If you have any questions about this Policy, you can contact us at support@cobramobile.com.
Copyright ©2013-2024 Cobra Mobile Limited