☰
Products
DailyBalance
ShowDog
Docs To Go
Passwords Plus (Discontinued)
Support
DailyBalance
Docs to Go iOS
Docs To Go Android
Passwords Plus
Sales Support
Purchase
DataViz Privacy Policy
Introduction
At DataViz, we have always taken your privacy very seriously. We are NOT in the business of selling, renting or disclosing your personally identifiable information to third parties. DataViz has been in business for more than 30 years and we have always collected as little personal information as possible. The information that we collect is solely for the purposes of connecting with our customers,  understanding their needs, and seamless operation of our products.
We have created this statement to describe our commitment to your privacy. This policy applies to the information that we collect about you when you use and purchase our software products and services, and visit our website. (The software, services and website are collectively referred to as “the Services” below.) The following details of the policy describe the information that we collect and how we use it.
Although most changes are likely to be minor, we may need to update this Privacy Policy occasionally. We encourage you to check this page from time to time for any changes. If we do need to make changes, we will notify you by revising the Change Log at the bottom of this page. If there is a significant change, we will provide additional notice by adding a statement to our homepage and/or by sending you an email (and seeking your consent if required). Your further use of the Services after a change to our Privacy Policy will be subject to the updated policy.
Information That We Collect & How We Use It
We only collect information about you to provide the Services, to communicate with you, or to make the Services better. We collect this information when you provide it to us or automatically through operating the Services. We do not receive any additional information about you from outside sources.
For Docs To Go:
We collect your email address which you provide to us when you (optionally) register your product.
Ad Supported Versions of Docs To Go:
Some versions of Docs To Go are provided free of charge and are supported by ads. The Docs To Go app itself does not collect or store any information for the purposes of advertising. No personal information is retained by the Docs To Go client apps and no personal information is communicated back to DataViz’s servers.
We include a third party ad service that can access some amount of information about you from your device for the purpose of delivering targeted ads. The information that is accessed is subject to controls on your device and the permissions that you grant to the Docs To Go app.
Please visit our ad partner site for additional information at:
https://www.mopub.com/en/legal/privacy
Visit the Docs To Go page to learn about paid versions of the app that do not have ads.
For Passwords Plus:
We collect your email address which you provide to us when setting up your sync account. We use your email address as your account identifier so that we can store your encrypted data for backup and secure syncing across your devices. For technical support, we may need you to provide your email address to allow us to identify your account in the Cloud Sync service.
We store your Passwords Plus data files on our secure servers, but we do not have any access to the data in these files. Your data is kept encrypted at all times that it is on our servers and is only decrypted on your device when you enter your private password into the Passwords Plus client application. Data is transferred between the client application and server over a secure SSL connection.
We do not store your Passwords Plus password anywhere at DataViz. If you forget your master password, you will be unable to open your Passwords Plus data. There is no “forgot my password” option, as the passwords are not stored anywhere. The Passwords Plus client application will prompt you for your password to unlock your data files, but it never retains your password.
For ShowDog:
We collect your name and email address which you provide to us when creating your account. We use this to identify your account to store your ShowDog data for backup and to enable syncing across all of your devices.
We also prompt you to create a password for your account. Your password is securely stored using industry best practices to encrypt and obscure your password so that it cannot be read by anyone at DataViz. If you forget your password, you will need to reset it via the app. This password is only used to verify your identity when logging into the ShowDog application.
We automatically store your ShowDog data files on our secure servers. Your data is kept encrypted at all times that it is on our servers. All data is transferred between your device and the server over a secure SSL connection. We do not have access to the content stored in your data files.
For DailyBalance:
We collect your name and email address which you provide to us when creating your account. We use this to identify your account to store your DailyBalance data for backup and to enable syncing across all of your devices.
We also prompt you to create a password for your account. Your password is securely stored using industry best practices to encrypt and obscure your password so that it cannot be read by anyone at DataViz. If you forget your password, you will need to reset it via the Account page on our website. This password is only used to verify your identity when logging into our website or into a DailyBalance client application.
We automatically store your DailyBalance data files on our secure servers. Your data is kept encrypted at all times that it is on our servers. All data is transferred between your device and the server over a secure SSL connection. We do not have access to the content (e.g. Tasks, Triggers, etc.) stored in your data files.
When you install DailyBalance on a new device and log into your account, we automatically collect the name associated with your device, operating system and device type. We use this information to allow you to identify the devices associated with your account and to allow you to sync your data across your devices. We may also use the operating system and device type information in aggregate to improve the product.
When you use DailyBalance, we may also automatically collect usage information (e.g. counts of the number of Tasks, Triggers, etc.) that you have in your DailyBalance data. We use this information in aggregate to understand general usage patterns of our user base and improve the quality of the product.
We do not track or capture any of the content of your DailyBalance data (e.g., Tasks, Triggers, etc).
Use of Email to Contact You:
For all of our products, we may use the email address that you provided to us to contact you for the following reasons:
Product operational events such as when you add a device to your account, password reset requests, and payment confirmations.
Keep you informed of major new releases of our products.
Provide helpful hints and tips on how to use our products.
Make special offers that we extend only to our registered customers.
See the Unsubscribe link on our website to set your email preferences. You can opt out of promotional emails but we will still contact you with product operational emails, e.g., reset password requests, payment confirmations, etc.
Purchasing Information:
If you purchase through an “app store” (e.g., Apple, Google Play, etc.), DataViz does not receive any of your payment information.
If you purchase through the DataViz website, we integrate
FastSpring
as a third party payment processor who collects and stores your purchasing information. DataViz does not store any credit card or other payment information.
Technical Support:
You may provide us an additional email when you contact us for support that is different than your account email. We do not store this email or add it to our mailing lists unless requested. We will only use that email for the purpose of the support case.
If you run into a more complicated technical issue, we may ask you to email or upload log files. These log files may contain additional information about your data and usage patterns, but are necessary for troubleshooting. These files are stored on our secure servers while your case is open and are purged shortly after your case is resolved.
Information Storage and Security
The information that we store is kept in a secure cloud service within the United States. DataViz uses a third party cloud computing partner to provide the necessary storage and related technology required to store your data and run our products. This third party is a host but does not have access to the content of your data.
Common Questions
How long is this information kept?
We keep this information indefinitely or until we are asked by the customer to remove it.
Is this information shared or sold? If so, with whom?
NO, it is not shared or sold. We do not share your information with third parties unless requested by you.
Do any third-parties collect personal information or have access to the information you have collected?
No.
How can you control the data that we collect?
You can opt out of our mailings by choosing the unsubscribe option in any of our emails or visit the Unsubscribe page on our website.
You can have your email address or an account removed completely by contacting us (see Contact below).
Does DataViz adhere to European General Data Protection Regulation (aka the “GDPR”) and to the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”)?
Yes. The details of the information that we collect and how we use it are contained in the above sections of this policy. If you want to have us remove your data, want to request your data from us, or have other related questions, please contact us. See the Contact section below.
The general categories of personal information that we collect are as follows. Please see the details in the sections above for more information.
Account identity (email address, name)
Device information (for DailyBalance syncing)
Data files (Passwords Plus or DailyBalance data)
Usage information (DailyBalance data counts)
Technical support information (logs you’ve provided)
Website Cookies & Privacy
Our website uses cookies to enable you to log into your account. We may also use the cookies to store visitor preferences or customize content based on your browser type or other information. Please read our
Cookie Policy
for complete details.
The DataViz website contains links to other websites. Although we do not provide any personally identifiable information to these companies, we cannot guarantee your privacy once you leave the DataViz site. We are not responsible for the privacy policies, practices or content of web sites with links on our site. We encourage you to read the posted privacy statement whenever interacting with any web site.
Change Log:
September 30, 2020:
Updated layout and added additional details.
Added details for DailyBalance as an additional product.
May 25, 2018:
Changes for compliance with GDPR regulations
General Contact Information:
If you have any questions or feedback regarding our privacy statement, please contact us. Please email us via the
info request form
.
This website uses cookies that are necessary for the site to function and that improve your experience with us. You can find out more about this in our
cookie policy
.  By clicking OK or continuing to use our site, you agree that we can place these cookies.
OK