Privacy Policy
I built the Loan Calculator & Tax Savings app as a Free app supported by ads. This SERVICE is provided
    at no cost and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure
    of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.
If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in
    relation to this policy. The Personal Information that is collected is used for providing and improving
    the Service. This information will not be shared with anyone except as described
    in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, I may require you to provide me with certain
    personally identifiable information. The information that I request
will be
retained on your device and is not collected, transmitted or stored by me in any way.
Among the types of Personal Data that this Application collects, by itself or through third
    parties, there are: Usage Data; unique device 
    identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, 
    for example); device information; geography/region; number of Users ; number of sessions;
    session duration; first launches; operating systems; geographic position. It should be noted that
    this list is not exhastive and you may access the policies of the third parties by following the
    links in this policy below.
Log Data
I want to inform you that whenever you use my Service, in a case of
    an error or crash in the app I collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone
    called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address,
    device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing my Service,
    the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers.
    These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal
    memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code,
    libraries and services that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services.
Service Providers
I may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
I want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to
    your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However,
    they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
I value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving
    to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over
    the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee
    its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed
    to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly
    advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over
    and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites
    or services.
How “Do Not Track” requests are handled
This Application does not support “Do Not Track” requests.
    To determine whether any of the third-party services it uses honor the “Do Not Track” requests, 
    please read their privacy policies.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. I do not knowingly collect
    personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case I discover that a child
    under 13 has provided me with personal information, I immediately delete this from
    our servers.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app
Google's partner policy for Firebase
AdMob
Crashlytics (Google)
Changes to This Privacy Policy
I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review
    this page periodically for any changes. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on
    this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact
    me at
rjain2@mortalgeek.com