PRIVACY POLICY
GolfLogix, Inc. is committed to respecting your privacy and recognizing your need for appropriate protection and management of Personally Identifiable Information you share with us. The purpose of this privacy policy is to explain the types of Personally Identifiable Information or Non-Personally Identifiable Information GolfLogix obtains about visitors to our Site, how the information is obtained, how it is used, and the choices you have regarding our use of, and your ability to review and correct, the information.
What Information We Collect
The information we collect on our application and our Site generally falls into the following two categories: Personally Identifiable Information and Non-Personally Identifiable Information.
Location Data:
We collect precise or approximate location data from a user’s mobile device if enabled by the user to do so. GolfLogix collects this data when the GolfLogix app is running in the foreground (app open and on-screen) or background (app open but not on-screen) of their mobile device. GolfLogix may also collect this data when the GolfLogix app is running in the background of the user’s mobile device. Users may use the GolfLogix apps without enabling GolfLogix to collect location data from their mobile devices, but this will affect some functionality available in the GolfLogix apps. For example, a user who has not enabled location data collection may not be able to get proper distances and GPS reading on the course. In addition, the location data collected from a user’s device will be linked to the user’s account, even if they have not enabled location data to be collected from their device, including for purposes of food and beverage ordering, and customer support.
Personally Identifiable Information:
This refers to information that lets us know the specifics of who you are. The Personally Identifiable Information we collect when you use our Site or register and download our application may include your name, mailing address, phone number, e-mail address, company name, login name, passwords, and more. This is accessible in your GolfLogix profile area of the site. We request Personally Identifiable Information when you register for our application, correspond with us, complete our questionnaire and/or request sales information. It is clear when you are on a part of our Site that requires personal information, because we will ask you for it and you will need to complete a form or e-mail.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information:
This refers to information that does not by itself identify a specific individual. The non-personally identifiable data we collect when you visit the GolfLogixSite may include the Uniform Resource Locator (“URL”) of the website that you came from before visiting our Site, which pages you visit on our Site, which URL you go to next, which browser you used to come to our Site, your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, and any search terms entered on our Site. This Statement also contains more information about how we use cookies and other technology to collect this data.
We do not connect the Personally Identifiable Information and Non-Personally Identifiable Information we collect on our Site.
Why We Collect Information
Our primary goals in collecting information are to provide customers with superior service and to provide all visitors a smooth, efficient, and personalized experience while using our Site. We use Non-Personally Identifiable Information on an aggregated basis to analyze customer behavior to help us understand how visitors use our Site and to measure interest in the various pages. We use this information to improve the content of our Site, to make our Site easier to use, and to customize our news distribution, advertising and promotion.
How We Collect Information
Our web servers may automatically recognize a visitor’s domain name (such as .com, .edu, etc.), the web page from which a visitor enters our site, which pages a visitor visits on our site, and on some sites, how much time a visitor spends on each page. This information does not reveal a visitor’s identity. We aggregate this information and use it to evaluate and improve our Sites. There may be times, such as requesting sales information, at which we ask you to provide certain information about yourself, such as your name, street address, telephone number, e-mail address, title, etc. Whether or not to provide such information is completely your own choice. But if you choose not to provide the information we request, you may be unable to certain services, offers, and content on our Site and in our application.
Our Use of Information
We use the Personally Identifiable Information you provide for internal business operations and to respond to your support requests in a timely fashion. From time to time we might establish a business relationship with other persons or entities that we deem trustworthy and whose privacy policies are consistent with ours. In such cases we might share information, including Personally Identifiable Information about you, that will enable such persons or entities to contact you regarding products and services that may be of interest to you.
Although unlikely, in certain instances we may be required to provide Personally Identifiable Information in response to a court order, subpoena, or government investigation. We also reserve the right to report to law enforcement agencies any activities that we in good faith believe to be unlawful. We may release certain Personally Identifiable Information when we believe that such release is reasonably necessary to enforce or apply our Terms and Conditions or to protect the rights, property, and safety of others and ourselves.
Cookies
Our website uses “cookies.” A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive. Generally, we use cookies to remind us of who you are to tailor our products and services.
Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually refuse cookies, or selectively accept certain cookies, by adjusting the preferences in your browser. If you turn off cookies, though, there may be some features of our Site that will not be available to you and some Web pages may not display properly. You can find information on how you can control cookies and periodically delete collected cookies from popular search engines or through your computer manufacturer.
Protecting Your Information
We use sophisticated encryption and authentication tools to protect the security of your personal information. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit to or from our Site, and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission, we will do our best to protect its security on our systems.
We urge you to keep any password(s) used in a safe place and not to divulge it to anyone. Also remember to sign off your account and close your browser window when you have finished your visit. This is to ensure that others cannot access your account, especially if you are sharing a computer with someone else or are using a computer in a public place such as a library or Internet cafe.
Links to Third-Party Sites
Our Site may contain links to web sites operated and maintained by third parties, over which we have no control. Privacy policies on such linked sites may be different from our privacy policy. You access such linked sites at your own risk. You should always read the privacy policy of a linked site before disclosing any personal information on such site.
Policy Changes
To improve the Product and Services we offer you, GolfLogix may opt to expand its capabilities for obtaining information about users in the future. GolfLogix reserves the right, at any time, to modify, alter, or update our Privacy Policy agreement without prior notice. Modifications shall become effective immediately upon being posted in our application or on the Site. Your continued use of the Service and Product after Policy changes are posted constitutes an acknowledgement and acceptance of our Policy and its modifications.
We will post changes here so that you will always know what information we collect online, how we use it, and what choices you have. Please be sure to completely read our Privacy Policy before using our Site or application.
Your Feedback
To help us improve our Privacy Policy and practice, please give us your feedback. You may email us
info@golflogix.com
or write to us at GolfLogix, Inc., 4235 N. Marshall Way, Scottsdale, AZ 85251.