Home
Share This Page
Email
Link
Browse
Catalog Start Page
Instruments
Ensembles
Genres
Skill Levels
Composers/Artists
Advanced Search
Free Stuff
Specials/Seasonal
Easter Sheet Music
Mother's Day Sheet Music
Wedding Sheet Music
Accompaniment Videos
More...
Latest Additions
Music Lessons
Mobile Apps
Sheet Music Viewer
More Apps
Become a Member!
Log into your account
About Us
Help
[Desktop Website]
Cart
|
Log-In
|
Help
Search all Sheet Music...
Clear Search
Search
Advanced Search
Instruments
Instruments
Piano
Guitar
Voice
Violin
Alto Saxophone
more...
Piano
Piano
Easy Piano
Classical Piano
Jazz Piano
New Releases
Guitar
Guitar
Easy Guitar
Guitar Tabs
Classical Guitar
Jazz Guitar
New Releases
Voice
Voice
Easy Voice
Classical Voice
Pop Voice
New Releases
Violin
Violin
Easy Violin
Violin Duets
New Releases
Flute
Flute
Easy Flute
Flute Duets
New Releases
Ensembles
Ensembles
Duets
String Quartet
Brass Quintet
Wind Quintet
more...
Genres
Genres
Classical
Children
Christmas
Jazz
Pop
Rock
Wedding
more...
Specials
Specials
Easter Music
Mother's Day Music
Wedding Music
Christmas Music
Valentine's Music
Saint Patrick's Day Music
Patriotic Music
School Music
Exclusive Music
Accompaniment Videos
Music Video Lessons
Music Membership
Free Stuff
Free Stuff
Free Sheet Music
Free Manuscript Paper
Free Online Metronome
Online Music Editor
AI Music Assistant
Free Apps
Music Video Lessons
Music Education Blog
Music Theory
more...
Browse
Browse
Catalog Home
Instruments
Ensembles
Genres
Skill Levels
Composers/Artists
Home
>
About Us
>
Privacy Policy
LOGIN
Become a Member
Login
QUICK LINKS
Instruments:
Piano,
Guitar,
Violin,
Voice,
Trumpet,
Cello,
more...
Composers/Artists:
Bach,
Beethoven,
Mozart,
Debussy,
Chopin,
more...
This Privacy Statement describes the privacy rules adopted by Virtual Sheet Music
to preserve the musician/client/guest/member privacy
(identified as "Consumer/User").
Last updated on April 24, 2023
CONSUMER/USER INFORMATION AND OPT OUT
A
ny information the Consumer/User shares with us is strictly confidential and will only be used in the way the Consumer/User requests. We may collect, with your consent, your e-mail address, name, and physical address. We may also collect files you may have uploaded onto our platform via our website or mobile applications. Such information will NOT be shared or sold to a third party for any reason and will be kept strictly confidential.
Any Consumer/User may delete his e-mail address from our Mailing List database at any time on
this page
. You may contact us to request any deletion of your data we may possess (such as your e-mail or physical address), as well as for any reason through our
Contact Us page.
CREDIT CARDS/ON-LINE CHECKS TRANSACTIONS
A
ll credit/debit card or on-line check information is communicated using
SSL encryption
and is not stored anywhere. Virtual Sheet Music works with
PayPal®
Payflow gateway (formerly managed by VeriSign®) for credit/debit cards transactions on this site. You can learn more about
PayPal's privacy policy
ADVERTISING
V
irtual Sheet Music may display selected advertising according to current standard privacy guidelines.
Virtual Sheet Music also participate in the Google Analytics for Display Advertisers remarketing program which allows to advertise through targeted advertising on different networks and websites based on the information collected on our website via the use of browser cookies. You can opt out for this kind of customized advertising on the
Google Ads Preferences Manager
page as well as on the
Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on page
. You can learn more about the
Google remarketing policy
on the Google website.
PLATFORM OF PRIVACY PREFERENCES (P3P)
B
esides this privacy statement, Virtual Sheet Music maintains a computer-legible P3P statement that advanced browsers may be able to read on your behalf. This computerized statement conforms to the industry-wide P3P 1.0 standard of the World Wide Web Consortium. You can read more about P3P at
http://www.w3.org/P3P/
.
Our computer-legible P3P privacy statement appears at:
https://www.virtualsheetmusic.com/w3c/p3p.xml
You can also read the English equivalent policy by clicking the link below:
https://www.virtualsheetmusic.com/w3c/policy.html
GDPR Compliance
GDPR Frequently Asked Questions
1. What is the current status of Virtual Sheet Music's GDPR compliance?
Virtual Sheet Music intends and expects to comply with GDPR by its effective date on 25 May 2018, including having a legal basis under Article 6 GDPR for processing any personal data.
2. How do Virtual Sheet Music Software as a Service products process personal data?
Minimally, if at all. Virtual Sheet Music has just one single Software as a Service (SaaS) offering which is called
Virtual Sheet Music Membership
. Virtual Sheet Music Membership is a service that offers musicians the ability to access and download sheet music and related media for free or a very discounted prices.
Virtual Sheet Music doesn't share any personal information data with anyone and doens't show it publicly on his website. Subscribers have full control of their data throught their own Control Panel and other tools we provide as part of their own subscription.
3. Is sensitive data stored within Virtual Sheet Music tools or website?
Virtual Sheet Music does not currently believe that it processes, let alone seeks or expect that it will seek to process, any personal data that is subject to Article 9 GDPR, "Processing of special categories of personal data," which, in reference to GDPR, is generally referred to as "sensitive personal data."
4. Are you a data processor, as you store and organize data from other sources?
Virtual Sheet Music currently does not believe it is a data processor for a data controller, necessitating that it enter into customary and compliant data processing agreements with data controllers. However, should that change, in order to comply with GDPR, Virtual Sheet Music believes that both Virtual Sheet Music as a data processor and the data controller will need to enter into a compliant data processor agreement.
5. Is Virtual Sheet Music able or will Virtual Sheet Music be able to respond to data subject requests under GDPR?
Yes, absolutely.
6. In particular, if I am a data subject and Virtual Sheet Music is a data controller to my personal data, can Virtual Sheet Music comply with my request "to be forgotten"?
Yes. However, a data subject should understand the consequences of such a request.
For example, with respect to any personal data that provides the necessary contact details in order to administer a subscription for a subscriber that is an organization, Virtual Sheet Music will need to replace the contact information within its system in order to manage the subscriber's subscription and account.
For any subscribers who are individuals, complying with a request to be forgotten will of course cause a permanent termination of the subscriber's account and subscription as well as removal of any other personal data from their own mailing list. Virtual Sheet Music also often tries to "win-back" terminated or expired subscribers with discount offers, and eliminating or permanently "forgetting" personal data will eliminate Virtual Sheet Music's ability to make any such offers to the data subject.
If you are a data subject and and have requests of Virtual Sheet Music under GDPR related to your individual rights in your personal data, including a "request to be forgotten/for erasure," "rectification," etc., please
Contact Us
. Virtual Sheet Music will promptly review your request and respond to you.
7. Which personal data does your company collect?
Most of the personal data that Virtual Sheet Music collects occurs in the user or subscriber account creation process, the payment and administration process, as well as the customer care and success processes including our double-opt-in system for our own
Newsletter
from which the user can
unsubscribe
at any time. Collected data on our systems typically consists of: subscriber or account-holder contact email address; display name (name or nick name); and data required to make a purchase, such as credit card details and billing information, including cardholder first and last name and billing address. PLEASE NOTE though that Virtual Sheet Music doesn't store credit card numbers. They are processed in realtime by our credit card processor PayPal.
Therefore, Virtual Sheet Music does not collect or process any sensitive personal data.
8. Where are the headquarters of your company?
Virtual Sheet Music is headquartered in Laguna Niguel, California, USA.
9. Are your contracts, Terms of Use, and Privacy Policies aligned with the GDPR?
Yes.
10. Are you offering data storage and all processing for your EU customers to take place within the EU?
As Virtual Sheet Music is headquartered in the United States and is not "established" anywhere in the EU, it does not see any advantage in hosting personal data in the EU, since Virtual Sheet Music will have no personnel in the EU to process any of the personal data in order to perform its obligations to its subscribers.
11. Are you willing to sign the mandatory data processing agreement?
As answered in Question 4 (above), Virtual Sheet Music currently does not believe it is a data processor for a data controller, necessitating that it enter into customary and compliant data processing agreements with data controllers. However, should that change, in order to comply with GDPR, Virtual Sheet Music believes that both Virtual Sheet Music as a data processor and the data controller will need to enter into a compliant data processor agreement.
THIRD PARTY PRIVACY POLICY
V
irtual Sheet Music uses third-party services with their own privacy policies, including APIs from the listed companies below. Please refer to the links below for details on such services' privacy policies:
PayPal privacy policy
Google privacy policy
YouTube terms of service
FINAL DECLARATION
V
irtual Sheet Music declares that this Privacy Statement conforms to current standard privacy guidelines.
For additional information, please
contact us.
Virtual Sheet Music, Inc.
Top of Page
RELATED PAGES
More about SSL
About PayPal®
Privacy Policy on Wikipedia
We are certified by:
Copyright ©1999-2025  Virtual Sheet Music, Inc. - All Rights Reserved