This app works best with JavaScript enabled.
Download
© 2018 Acme Atron-O-Matic, LLC
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Notice to California Residents
Do Not Sell My Information
MyRadar Privacy Policy
Updated and Effective: December 20, 2024
Table of Contents
MyRadar Privacy Policy
1. Introduction
2. Personal Data We Collect
3. How We Use Your Personal Data
4. How We May Disclose or Sell Personal Data
5. Cookie Use
6. Consumer Rights & Choices
7. Retention of Personal Data
8. Changes to Our Policy
9. Security
10. Third Party Links and Privacy Practices
11. Additional Information for Individuals in the EU
12. Contact Information
1. Introduction
Acme AtronOmatic, LLC d/b/a MyRadar (“MyRadar”) offers the MyRadar suite of mobile and desktop apps, which bring consumers powerful and accurate radar and weather predictions. In doing so, we are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our users.
This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) explains how we collect, use, share, and otherwise generally process your personal data—including how we share your location data with your consent to third parties. This Privacy Policy covers your use of the MyRadar website (the “Site”); the MyRadar mobile and desktop applications (the “Apps”); or your other interactions with MyRadar. Collectively, this Privacy Policy refers to the MyRadar Site and Apps as our “Services.”
Your use of our Services indicates your acceptance of the terms of this Privacy Policy.
2. Personal Data We Collect
When you use our Services, we may access or collect personal data about and from you. We may collect this personal data from you directly when you provide it to us. We also may automatically collect certain information, such as through the use of analytics tools that evaluate how you interact with our online content.
We may collect the following categories of personal data:
Information included in your personal profile for our Services (“
profile data
”), such as your name, telephone number, address, email address, website URLs, profile pictures, age, gender, or other account information;
Data about your use of our Services (“
usage or service data
”), such as your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views and website/app navigation paths, as well as information about the timing, frequency, and pattern of your Service use;
Data used to facilitate media uploads and social sharing (“
account data
”), such as your user credentials, chosen screenname, email address, and social network identities;
Information you post for publication through our Services (“
publication data
”), such as media uploads like photos or videos and comments;
Information contained in any inquiry or specific request you submit to us regarding use of our Services (“
inquiry data
”);
Information relating to our customer relationships, including customer contact information (“
customer relationship data
”);
Information relating to transactions, including purchases of Services, that you enter into with us and/or through our Service (“
transaction data
”);
Information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our email, SMS, and push notifications and/or newsletters (“
notification data
”);
Information contained in or relating to any communication that you send to us (“
correspondence data
”), such as communication content and metadata associated with the communication;
Information about your device, including online and device identifiers such as MAIDs, IDFAs, Android IDs, device IDs, and IP addresses (“
device data
”);
Information about the presence of connected devices via Wi-Fi or Bluetooth; and
Trip location and driving event data such as speed, change in speed and other aspects of how, how much, where, and when you drive in our Apps (“
driving data
”)
With your consent, we also may collect the following category of sensitive data:
Precise geolocation information, including through methods such as mobile SDKs (“
precise geolocation data
”).
3. How We Use Your Personal Data
We may use the data we collect for a variety of business purposes when it is reasonably necessary and proportionate to achieve the operational purpose for which the personal data was collected. For example, we may process the personal data listed above for the following purposes:
For purposes for which you provide your consent;
To give you access to our Services and to provide or make our Services available to you, and/or maintain back-ups of our databases;
To enable publication of public comments and administer our Services;
To offer, market, and sell relevant goods and services to you, including providing you with advertising based on your activity on our Services or activity on third party sites and applications;
To communicate with you and respond to your inquiries or requests, including customer service requests;
To manage our relationships with customers, communicate with customers, and promote our products and Services to customers;
To supply purchased products and Services and keep necessary records of those transactions;
To process your payments, refund payments, and handle complaints and queries relating to such payments and refunds;
To send you relevant communications, including notifications and/or newsletters and to notify you about changes to this Privacy Policy or other policies;
To monitor and analyze use of our Services and improve the quality of the Services;
To track, analyze, and improve your engagement with our Services, including to personalize content and advertising to you.
To perform statistical, demographic, and marketing analysis;
To ensure the security, safety, and integrity of our Services; databases, other technology assets, physical offices, and business generally;
To detect, investigate, and prevent activities that may violate our policies or be illegal;
For the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedures;
For the purposes of obtaining or maintaining insurance coverage, managing risks, or obtaining professional advice;
For compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject or as required by court order;
To respond to law enforcement requests;
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us; and
In order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another person.
4. How We May Disclose or Sell Personal Data
Disclosing Personal Data.
We may disclose any of the categories of personal data listed above to the following categories of recipients, including our service providers and third parties:
To any member of our group of companies (including our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and all of its subsidiaries) as reasonably necessary for the purposes, and on the legal bases, set out in this Privacy Policy;
To our insurers and/or professional advisers as reasonably necessary for the purposes of obtaining or maintaining insurance coverage, managing risks, obtaining professional advice, or the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure;
To our payment services providers, including Apple, Microsoft, Google and Stripe, to the extent necessary for the purposes of processing your payments, refunding such payments, and dealing with complaints and queries relating to such payments and refunds;
To our processors, service providers, and/or subcontractors; and
To other third parties where such disclosure is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another person; or where such disclosure is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure.
Targeted Advertising & Data Sales.
We may also process your personal data for targeted advertising and sell certain personal data. Specifically:
We process personal data for targeted advertising and share personal information with suppliers, subcontractors, or third-party marketing and analytics partners to enable targeted advertising and for analytics purposes. More information about MyRadar’s marketing partner—Google Ad Manager—is available
here
.
NOTICE: We may sell your sensitive personal data.
In particular, we sell precise geolocation data, along with other related data, to the below third parties. Note we only sell precise geolocation data with your consent. Please see below for more information:
Third Party
Description of Sales
Arity 875, LLC ("Arity")
If you have opted in to enable the MyDrives functionality, we may collect (or permit Arity to collect) and share your personal information, including precise geolocation, trip location, driving event data, (such as speed, change in speed and other aspects of how, how much, where and when you drive), phone sensor data, and other information with Arity, which provides driving analytics services to enable us to provide certain functionalities, such as driving event history, predicted commute information and commute advice based on current weather conditions. Arity may also use this information for personalized advertising on our properties and elsewhere, to build segments and audiences, to perform various anonymous profiling activities, as well as developing its risk predictive models for its own analytics purposes. It is also used for mapping, traffic and navigation. MyRadar does not share your name, email, or other personal contact information, and the data we share with Arity is not used to affect your insurance pricing.
Cuebiq
We may collect and share precise geolocation information, including the presence of connected devices via Wi-Fi or Bluetooth, by means of our partnership with Cuebiq, which helps cover the costs of developing and maintaining this app and related services thereof. This information may be used by itself, aggregated, or combined with mobile identifiers (such as IDFAs, Android IDs, device IDs, and IP addresses), and may be shared with other parties, for purposes related to advertising, attribution (e.g., measuring ad performance), analytics, research, and to recognize your device across the internet.
Digital Envoy
We may collect and share precise geolocation information and other device information by means of our partnership with Digital Envoy, which helps cover the costs of developing and maintaining this app and related services thereof. When this App is in use (or running in the background) we collect and share with our business partners certain device and location data: Precise location data of the device, WiFi signals or Bluetooth Low Energy devices in your proximity, device-based advertising identifiers, app names and/or identifiers, and information about your mobile device such as type of device, operating system version and type, device settings, time zone, carrier, and IP address. The data may be used for the following purposes: (a) to customize and measure ads in apps and other advertising; (b) for app and user analytics; (c) for disease prevention, and cybersecurity; (d) for market, civic or other research regarding aggregated human foot and traffic patterns, and (e) to generate proprietary pseudonymized identifiers tied to the information collected for the above purposes.
Foursquare Labs, Inc.
We may collect and share precise geolocation information and other device information by means of our partnership with Foursquare Labs Inc, which helps cover the costs of developing and maintaining this app and related services thereof.
Placer Labs Inc.
We may collect and share precise geolocation information, including the presence of connected devices via Wi-Fi or Bluetooth, by means of our partnership with Placer Labs Inc, which helps cover the costs of developing and maintaining this app and related services thereof. The location data collected is stripped of certain identifiers, such as device IDs, MAIDs, and names, before it is sent to the partner.
Opting Out.
For you or your authorized agent to opt-out of these activities, see our “
Do Not Sell My Information
” link.
5. Cookie Use
About Cookies.
A "cookie" is a file containing an identifier that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.
Cookies That We Use.
We use cookies for the following purposes:
Authentication - we use cookies to identify you when you visit and navigate our Services;
Status - we use cookies to help us to determine if you are logged into our Services;
Personalization - we use cookies to store information about your preferences and to personalize our Services for you;
Security - we use cookies as an element of the security measures used to protect user accounts, including preventing fraudulent use of login credentials, and to protect our Services generally;
Advertising - we use cookies to help us to display advertisements that will be relevant to you;
Analysis - we use cookies to help us to analyze the use and performance of our Services; and
Cookie consent - we may use cookies to store your preferences in relation to the use of cookies more generally.
Cookies Used by Our Third Party Partners.
We collect identifiers for online analytics and advertising personalization, and we may disclose this information to our analytics and marketing partners via third party cookies—which may be considered a “sale” under certain privacy laws
We use Google Analytics and Google Firebase to analyze the use of our Services. Google gathers information by means of cookies. The information gathered relating to our Services is used to create reports about the use of our website. Google's privacy policy is available at:
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
.
We publish Google interest-based advertisements on in our Services. These are tailored by Google to reflect your interests. To determine your interests, Google will track your behavior on our Services and on other websites across the web using cookies. You can view, delete or add interest categories associated with your browser by visiting:
https://adssettings.google.com
. You can also opt out of the AdSense partner network cookie using those settings or using the Network Advertising Initiative's multi-cookie opt-out mechanism at:
http://optout.networkadvertising.org
. However, these opt-out mechanisms themselves use cookies, and if you clear the cookies from your browser your opt-out will not be maintained. To ensure that an opt-out is maintained in respect of a particular browser, you may wish to consider using the Google browser plug-ins available at:
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/7395996
.
Managing Cookies.
Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies and to delete cookies. The methods for doing so vary from browser to browser, and from version to version. You can however obtain up-to-date information about blocking and deleting cookies via these links
(a)
https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en
(Chrome);
(b)
https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences
(Firefox);
(c)
http://www.opera.com/help/tutorials/security/cookies/
(Opera);
(d)
https://support.microsoft.com/en-gb/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies
(Internet Explorer);
(e)
https://support.apple.com/kb/PH21411
(Safari); and
(f)
https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-10-microsoft-edge-and-privacy
(Edge).
Note that if you block cookies, you will not be able to use all the features on our Services.
6. Consumer Rights & Choices
Consumer Rights.
We offer the following rights, subject to the requirements under any applicable data protection or privacy law.
The right to confirm whether or not we process your personal data and to access such personal data together with certain additional information (including information about categories of or specific third party disclosures, as required by law);
The right to rectification or to correct inaccuracies in your personal data;
The right to erasure or to delete your personal data;
The right to restrict or object to certain processing, including the right to opt-out of processing personal data for the purposes of (1) targeted advertising, (2) the sale of personal data, or (3) profiling in furtherance of a decision that produces a legal or similarly significant effect concerning the consumer (note, however, that MyRadar does not engage in such profiling);
The right to data portability;
The right to complain to a supervisory authority; and
The right to withdraw consent.
Methods to Submit Consumer Rights Requests.
For you or your authorized agent to exercise your right to opt-out of targeted advertising or opt-out/withdraw consent from sales, please see our “
Do Not Sell My Information
” link
To exercise any other right in relation to your personal data, you may (1) email
privacy@myradar.com
; (2) send written notice via parcel post addressed to the “MyRadar Privacy Officer” at 424 E Central BLVD, #118 Orlando FL 32801; or (3) call 321-206-0914. In your request, please indicate your state of residency and specify the right you are exercising
Authenticating Consumer Rights Requests.
For your protection, we may verify your identity prior to honoring your consumer request; if we are unable to do so, we may ask follow-up questions and/or deny your request, in whole or in part. If we deny your request, we will provide you with an explanation and inform you of your right to appeal, if applicable
Right to Appeal.
If we deny your request, under certain laws you have the right to appeal our decision. To do so, you may (1) email
privacy@myradar.com
; (2) send written notice via parcel post addressed to the “MyRadar Privacy Officer” at 424 E Central BLVD, #118 Orlando FL 32801; or (3) call 321-206-0914. Please mark your request as an “Appeal.”
7. Retention of Personal Data
Unless otherwise required by law, it is our policy to not retain personal data or sensitive personal data for longer than is reasonably necessary to achieve the purpose for which it was collected. The criteria we use to determine the specific retention period include: the type of data; whether you have provided your consent and have not withdrawn it; whether there are other legal grounds for the continued processing; whether you have objected to the processing and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for the processing; and whether retention or deletion is necessary to comply with legal obligations.
8. Changes to Our Policy
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time by publishing a new version at
http://myradar.com/privacy
and updating the date at the top of the Privacy Policy. If the changes are material, we will provide notice consistent with applicable laws, which may include email notice or push notification.
9. Security
We implement appropriate measures designed to secure your personal data from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. However, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal data transmitted to our Services, and transmission of personal data to us is at your own risk.
10. Third Party Links and Privacy Practices
Our Site and Apps contain links to third-party sites and applications, including those of our partners. MyRadar is not responsible for the privacy practices of third-party sites or apps, and those third-party sites and apps may have different privacy policies than MyRadar.
11. Additional Information for Individuals in the EU
Legal Bases.
Our legal bases for processing your personal data are listed below. We may process your personal data for more than one lawful basis, depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your personal data
We may process your usage data, customer relationship data, and correspondence data. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests to provide and improve our Services to you and to communicate with you.
We may process your account data, profile data, service data, publication data, inquiry data, and notification data. The legal basis for this processing is your consent.
We may process your transaction data. The legal basis for this processing is performance of contracts to complete your purchases of our Services, that you enter into with us and/or through our Service.
We may process any of your personal data identified in this policy where necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the protection and assertion of our legal rights, your legal rights, and the legal rights of others.
We may process any of your personal data identified in this policy where necessary for the purposes of obtaining or maintaining insurance coverage, managing risks, or obtaining professional advice. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper protection of our business against risks.
In addition to the specific purposes for which we may process your personal data set out in this section, we may also process any of your personal data where such processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
International Transfers.
We have offices and facilities in the United States. Data transfers to other jurisdictions will be protected by appropriate safeguards, namely the use of standard data protection clauses adopted or approved by the European Commission.
The hosting facilities for our Services are situated in the United States. Additionally, we utilize a third party Content Distribution Network with hosting facilities in many countries. Data transfers to other jurisdictions will be protected by appropriate safeguards, namely the use of standard data protection clauses adopted or approved by the European Commission.
You acknowledge that personal data that you submit for publication through our Services may be available, via the internet, around the world. We cannot prevent the use (or misuse) of such personal data by others.
Complaint Procedures.
If you consider that our processing of your personal information infringes data protection laws, you have a legal right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority responsible for data protection. You may do so in the EU member state of your habitual residence, your place of work or the place of the alleged infringement.
To the extent that the legal basis for our processing of your personal information is consent, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. Withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of processing before the withdrawal.
12. Contact Information
The MyRadar Apps and Site are owned and operated by Acme AtronOmatic, LLC. Acme AtronOmatic, LLC, is a registered Florida Limited Liability Company.
Our principal place of business is located at 1700 N Orange Ave, Orlando FL 32804.
Our data protection officer's contact details are:
Bradley Anderson
424 E Central BLVD, #118 Orlando FL 32801
privacy@myradar.com