Plain English Summary
This
summary is intended as an aid and does not constitute part of the Privacy
Policy below which you agree to by use of our website.
Like
most websites, we keep track of how people use our site and services, in
order to make them better, and to tailor the offers we show to you.
Any
personal data about you is kept confidential and is not shared other than
when absolutely necessary (for example, to take payment). We never sell
it.
Your
web browser can ask us - and other websites - not to track you, which we
will respect. Your web browser’s ‘help’ will explain how to do this.
We
are a friendly, honest company, based in London, UK. We’re happy to answer
any questions on
hello@utalk.com
.
1.
Privacy policy
1.
Introduction
1.1
We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website and app
(uTalk) visitors and service users; in this policy we explain how we will
handle your personal data.
1.2
By using our website and app (uTalk) and app (uTalk) and agreeing to
this policy, you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of
this policy.
1.3
Our website and app (uTalk) and app (uTalk) incorporates privacy
controls which affect how we will process your personal data.
2.
How we use your personal data
2.1
In this Section 3 we have set out:
(a)
the general categories of personal data that we may process;
(b)
the purposes for which we may process personal data; and
(c)
the legal bases of the processing.
2.2
We may process data about your use of our website and app (uTalk)
and app (uTalk) and services ("
usage data
"). The usage data
may include your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version,
operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views and website and
app (uTalk) and app (uTalk) navigation paths, as well as information about the
timing, frequency and pattern of your service use. The source of the usage data
is our analytics tracking system. This usage data may be processed for the
purposes of analysing the use of the website and app (uTalk) and app (uTalk)
and services. The legal basis for this processing is consent.
2.3
We may process your account data ("
account data
"). The
account data may include your name and email address. The source of the account
data is you or your employer. The account data may be processed for the
purposes of operating our website and app (uTalk) and app (uTalk), providing
our services, ensuring the security of our website and app (uTalk) and app
(uTalk) and services, maintaining back-ups of our databases and communicating
with you. The legal basis for this processing is consent.
2.4
We may process your information included in your personal profile on
our website and app (uTalk) and app (uTalk) ("
profile data
").
The profile data may include your name, address, telephone number, email address,
profile pictures, gender, date of birth, relationship status, interests and
hobbies, educational details and employment details. The profile data may be
processed for the purposes of enabling and monitoring your use of our website
and app (uTalk) and app (uTalk) and services. The legal basis for this
processing is consent.
2.5
We may process your personal data that are provided in the course of
the use of our services ("
service data
"). The service data may
include name and email. The source of the service data is you or your employer.
The service data may be processed for the purposes of operating our website and
app (uTalk) and app (uTalk), providing our services, ensuring the security of
our website and app (uTalk) and app (uTalk) and services, maintaining back-ups
of our databases and communicating with you. The legal basis for this
processing is consent.
2.6
We may process information that you post for publication on our website
and app (uTalk) and app (uTalk) or through our services ("
publication
data
"). The publication data may be processed for the purposes of
enabling such publication and administering our website and app (uTalk) and app
(uTalk) and services. The legal basis for this processing is consent.
2.7
We may process information contained in any enquiry you submit to us
regarding products and/or services ("
enquiry data
"). The
enquiry data may be processed for the purposes of offering, marketing and
selling relevant products and/or services to you. The legal basis for this
processing is consent.
2.8
We may process information relating to transactions, including
purchases of goods and services, that you enter into with us and/or through our
website and app (uTalk) and app (uTalk) ("
transaction data
").
The transaction data will not include your card details. The transaction data will
be processed, by trusted third party providers, for the purpose of supplying
the purchased goods and services and keeping proper records of those
transactions.
2.9
We may process information that you provide to us for the purpose of
subscribing to our email notifications and/or newsletters ("
notification
data
"). The notification data may be processed for the purposes of
sending you the relevant notifications and/or newsletters. The legal basis for
this processing is consent.
2.10
We may process information contained in or
relating to any communication that you send to us ("
correspondence data
").
The correspondence data may include the communication content and metadata
associated with the communication. Our website and app (uTalk) and app (uTalk)
will generate the metadata associated with communications made using the website
and app (uTalk) and app (uTalk) contact forms. The correspondence data may be
processed for the purposes of communicating with you and record-keeping. The
legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper
administration of our website and app (uTalk) and business and communications
with users.
2.11
We may process any of your personal data
identified in the other provisions of this policy where necessary for the
establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court
proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure. The legal basis
for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the protection and
assertion of our legal rights, your legal rights and the legal rights of
others.
2.12
In addition to the specific purposes for which
we may process your personal data set out in this Section 3, we may also
process any of your personal data where such processing is necessary for compliance
with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your
vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
2.13
Please do not supply any other person's personal
data to us, unless we prompt you to do so.
3.
Providing your personal data to others
3.1
We may disclose your personal data to insofar as reasonably
necessary for the purposes set out in this policy.
3.2
We may disclose your personal data to our insurers and/or
professional advisers insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes of
obtaining and maintaining insurance coverage, managing risks, obtaining
professional advice and managing legal disputes.
3.3
We may disclose personal data to our suppliers or subcontractors
insofar as reasonably necessary.
3.4
Financial transactions relating to our website and app (uTalk) and
services are handled by our payment services providers. We will share
transaction data with our payment services providers only to the extent
necessary for the purposes of processing your payments, refunding such payments
and dealing with complaints and queries relating to such payments and refunds.
3.5
In addition to the specific disclosures of personal data set out in
this Section 4, we may also disclose your personal data where such disclosure
is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or
in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another
natural person.
4.
International transfers of your personal data
In this Section 4, we provide information about the circumstances in
which your personal data may be transferred to countries outside the European
Economic Area (EEA).
4.1
We have servers located in the United States of America. The
European Commission has made an "adequacy decision" with respect to
the data protection laws of this country. Transfers to this country will be
protected by appropriate safeguards, namely the use of standard data protection
clauses adopted or approved by the European Commission.
4.2
The hosting facilities for our website are situated in the United
States of America. The European Commission has made an "adequacy
decision" with respect to the data protection laws of this country.
Transfers to this country will be protected by appropriate safeguards, namely
the use of standard data protection clauses adopted or approved by the European
Commission.
4.3
You acknowledge that personal data that you submit for publication
through our website or services may be available, via the internet, around the
world. We cannot prevent the use (or misuse) of such personal data by others.
5.
Retaining and deleting personal data
5.1
This Section 6 sets out our data retention policies and procedure,
which are designed to help ensure that we comply with our legal obligations in
relation to the retention and deletion of personal data.
5.2
Personal data that we process for any purpose or purposes shall not
be kept for longer than is necessary for that purpose or those purposes.
5.3
In some cases it is not possible for us to specify in advance the
periods for which your personal data will be retained.
5.4
Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Section 6, we may
retain your personal data where such retention is necessary for compliance with
a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital
interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
5.5
You can ask us to delete your data by emailing us at support@utalk.com
and we are required to fulfil your request. We may anonymise, de-identify and/or
aggregate the information that we collect and use such anonymised, de-identified
and/or aggregated data for commercial, statistical and market research purposes,
including sharing it with affiliates and business partners.
6.
Amendments
6.1
We may update this policy from time to time by publishing a new
version on our website and app (uTalk).
6.2
You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with
any changes to this policy.
6.3
We may notify you of changes to this policy by email or through the
private messaging system on our website and app (uTalk).
7.
Your rights
7.1
You may instruct us to provide you with any personal information we
hold about you; provision of such information will be subject to:
(a)
the payment of a fee (currently fixed at GBP 100);
and
(b)
the supply of appropriate evidence of your
identity (for this purpose, we will usually accept a photocopy of your passport
certified by a solicitor or bank plus an original copy of a utility bill
showing your current address).
7.2
We may withhold personal information that you request to the extent
permitted by law.
7.3
You may instruct us at any time not to process your personal
information for marketing purposes.
7.4
In practice, you will usually either expressly agree in advance to
our use of your personal information for marketing purposes, or we will provide
you with an opportunity to opt out of the use of your personal information for
marketing purposes.
8.
About cookies
8.1
A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and
numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the
browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser
requests a page from the server.
8.2
Cookies may be either "persistent" cookies or
"session" cookies: a persistent cookie will be stored by a web
browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date, unless deleted by the
user before the expiry date; a session cookie, on the other hand, will expire
at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.
8.3
Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally
identifies a user, but personal information that we store about you may be
linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.
9.
Cookies that we use
9.1
We use cookies for the following purposes:
(a)
authentication - we use cookies to identify you
when you visit our website and app (uTalk) and as you navigate our website and
app (uTalk);
(b)
status - we use cookies to help us to determine
if you are logged into our website and app (uTalk);
(c)
personalisation - we use cookies to store
information about your preferences and to personalise the website and app
(uTalk) for you;
(d)
security - we use cookies as an element of the
security measures used to protect user accounts, including preventing
fraudulent use of login credentials, and to protect our website and app (uTalk)
and services generally;
(e)
analysis - we use cookies to help us to analyse
the use and performance of our website and app (uTalk) and services;
(f)
cookie consent - we use cookies to store your
preferences in relation to the use of cookies more generally.
10.
Cookies used by our service providers
10.1
Our service providers use cookies and those
cookies may be stored on your computer when you visit our website and app (uTalk).
10.2
We use Google Analytics to analyse the use of
our website and app (uTalk). Google Analytics gathers information about website
and app (uTalk) use by means of cookies. The information gathered relating to
our website and app (uTalk) is used to create reports about the use of our website
and app (uTalk). Google's privacy policy is available at:
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/.
11.
Managing cookies
11.1
Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept
cookies and to delete cookies. The methods for doing so vary from browser to
browser, and from version to version. You can however obtain up-to-date
information about blocking and deleting cookies via these links:
(a)
https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en
(Chrome);
(b)
https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website
and app (uTalk)-preferences (Firefox);
(c)
http://www.opera.com/help/tutorials/security/cookies/
(Opera);
(d)
https://support.microsoft.com/en-gb/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies
(Internet Explorer);
(e)
https://support.apple.com/kb/PH21411 (Safari);
and
(f)
https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-10-microsoft-edge-and-privacy
(Edge).
11.2
Blocking all cookies will have a negative impact
upon the usability of many website and app (uTalk)s.
11.3
If you block cookies, you will not be able to
use all the features on our website and app (uTalk).
12.
Our details
12.1
This website and app (uTalk) is owned and
operated by EuroTalk Ltd.
12.2
We are registered in England and Wales under
registration number 2674118, and our registered office is at
315-317 New Kings Rd, London, SW6 4RF, UK
.
12.3
Our principal place of business is at
315-317 New Kings Rd, London, SW6 4RF, UK
.
12.4
You can contact us:
(a)
by post, using the postal address given above;
(b)
using our website and app (uTalk) contact form;
(c)
by telephone, on the contact number published on
our website and app (uTalk) from time to time; or
(d)
by email, using the email address published on
our website and app (uTalk) from time to time.