Software User Agreement
1. Overview
This agreement is a legal agreement between
the users of software developed by Hangzhou
Aipipi
Technology Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as
Aipipi
)
and
Aipipi
. Please read all the contents of this User
Agreement in detail before registering as a user of the software. If you do not
understand, please contact customer service.
As the development of the product changes,
the company has the right to change this user agreement and related service
rules. When modifying this User Agreement,
Aipipi
Company
reserves the right not to notify the user individually, and the user should pay
attention to the user agreement at the appropriate time.
2. Intellectual Property and Ownership
Statement
All information (including text, images,
audio, video, multimedia materials), technology (including related software)
copyrights, patents, trademarks, trade secrets, other intellectual property
rights, ownership or other rights in the App software are
Apipi
Company or its rights holders shall not modify, copy, distribute, transmit,
display, perform or copy any such information (including text, images, audio,
video, multimedia materials), software, products and services. , distribution,
authorization, production of derivative works, transfer or sale. If the user fails
to comply with the above provisions of this clause,
Aipipi
has the right to immediately terminate the service to the user and retain the
right to pursue legal liability.
Aipipi
has ownership
of any data generated by the user during the use of the App.
3. User's rights
Users can accept products and services
provided by
Aipipi
based on this User Agreement.
Users who have a valid account can upload the information necessary to use the
service on the server of the app, but the information must not contain the
following content:
(1) infringe on the
intellectual property rights, copyright or public/private rights of any third
party;
(2) Violation of any law or
good custom;
(3) Contains any content that
defame, sexual harassment, racial discrimination, or adverse effects on minors;
(4) Contains content such as
viruses, Trojans, etc. that may cause damage to or affect the stability of the
company's equipment system.
Aipipi
has the right to take any action in accordance with the seriousness
of the uploaded content, including but not limited to blocking or deleting
user-uploaded information based on claims from third parties.
4. User's obligations
Users should follow the following
principles in the process of using the App software:
(1) comply with relevant laws
and regulations of the People's Republic of China;
(2) The service system shall
not be used for any illegal purpose;
(3) Comply with all network protocols,
regulations and procedures related to the service;
(4) Modifications, including
but not limited to software and related websites provided by
Aipipi
, may not be modified, reverse engineering,
decompile, disassemble, copy or Distribute
(5) Do not take any abnormal
use behavior (including but not limited to damage, attacking the server or
overloading the server, etc.) that may affect the company's network services;
(6) The App software and
services may not be used by third party software or with the assistance of
third party software;
(7) You may not use any
intellectual property rights of
Aipipi
to create or
provide the same or similar applications or web services without the prior
written permission of
Aipipi
.
5. Network service interruption
In the event of any of the following
circumstances, even if not notified,
Aipipi
has the
right to discontinue the provided network services and does not assume any
responsibility to the user:
(1) Perform necessary
maintenance, maintenance and construction on the relevant website server or
application server as needed;
(2) Failure, failure or human
error due to the hardware and software of the company or its partners or the
telecommunications network system;
(3) tampering with, falsifying
or falsifying or fabricating website data, or implementing any behavior that
affects the normal operation of the company's computer system;
(4) Reasons for force majeure;
(5) due to the requirements of
relevant institutions based on legal or legal procedures;
(6) Other provisions based on
laws or national policies.
6. Termination of network services
Aipipi
can terminate the network service at any time according to the
actual situation, and
Aipipi
does not need to be
responsible to any users.
7. privacy protection
Protecting the privacy of users is a basic
policy and obligation of the company.
8. Liability for breach of contract
The User agrees to protect and maintain the
interests of
Aipipi
and other users. If the user
violates the relevant laws, regulations or any terms of this User Agreement, it
will cause losses to
Aipipi
or any related parties.
Liability for damages caused.
9. Disclaimer
To the extent permitted by law,
Aipipi
does not provide any warranty, including but not
limited to applicability, reliability, accuracy, completeness, and any implied
warranties and responsibilities for error-free.
To the extent permitted by applicable law,
Aipipi
does not warrant that the products and services
offered will meet the requirements of the user, nor will it guarantee that the
services provided will not be interrupted, and that the timeliness and security
of the products and services will be There is no guarantee that an error will
occur and that the information will be accurate, timely, and smooth.
To the extent permitted by applicable law,
Aipipi
does not accept any responsibility for any accidents
or problems caused by the user's use of the App.
10. Legal jurisdiction
The rights and obligations arising between
the use of the App and the
Aipipi
Company shall be governed by the laws of the People's
Republic of China (excluding foreign civil law applicable law or other similar
regulations). Any content of this User Agreement is inconsistent with the law
and shall be subject to legal provisions.
11. Other regulations
If the content of the App is completely or
partially invalid or not enforceable for any reason, the rest of the User Agreement
shall remain valid and binding on the parties to the Agreement.
To the extent permitted by law,
Aipipi
has the right to interpret the terms of this
Agreement.