PRIVACY POLICY
Effective Date: May 1, 2018
Welcome to LK Lab.  Your privacy is important to us.
LK Lab ("LK Lab", "us", "our" or "we") is dedicated to protecting the privacy rights of our users ("users" or "you").  This Privacy Policy (this "Policy") describes the ways we collect, store, use, and manage the information, including personal information, and data that you provide or we collect in connection with our games and related services.  Please note that the scope of this Policy is limited to information and data collected or received by LK Lab through your use of the Service.  LK Lab is not responsible for the actions of third party people or companies, the content of their sites, the use of information or data you provide to them, or any products or services they may offer.  Any link to those sites does not constitute our sponsorship of, or affiliation with, those people or companies.
By using the Service, you are expressing your agreement to this Policy and the processing of your information and data, including your personal information, in the manner provided in this Policy.  If you do not agree to these terms, please do not use the Service.
If you have any questions or concerns, please contact us with the information provided in the
Contact Information of Data Controller
section of this Policy.
DATA WE COLLECT FROM YOU
Data you provide us.
In the case that you contact us for support, we collect your contact information such as email address.
Data we collect automatically.
Data about your account and game progress
Your IP address and mobile device identifiers (such as your device ID, advertising ID, MAC address, IMEI)
Data about your device, such as device name and operating system, browser type and language
Data we collect with cookies and similar technologies (see more below)
General location data
Data about your use of the Service, such as gameplay data and your interactions with other players inside the Service
Data we collect from our partners.
Data we receive if you link a third party tool with the Service (such as Facebook, WeChat or Google)
Demographic data (such as to determine the coarse location of your IP address)
Data to fight fraud (such as refund abuse in games or click fraud in advertising)
Data from platforms that the games run on (such as to verify payment)
Data for advertising and analytics purposes, so we can provide you a better Service
WHY WE COLLECT YOUR DATA
To make the Service work.
To perform the contract, we process data necessary to
Create accounts and allow you to play our games and use our Service
Operate the Service
Verify and confirm payments
Provide and deliver products and services you request
Send you Service-related communications
To make the Service more suitable for our players.
To provide a great Service to our players, we have a legitimate interest to collect and process necessary data to
Update and develop player profiles
Develop and improve the Service and player experience
Manage our relationship with you
Provide social features as part of the Service
Customize your Service experience
Respond to your comments and questions and provide player support
Send you related information, such as updates, security alerts, and support messages
To show personalized advertisements.
To show you personalized advertisements in the Service as well as in other websites and services (including email) we have a legitimate interest to process necessary data to
Track the content you access in connection with the Service and your online behavior
Deliver, target and improve our advertising and the Service
For information on how to opt-out from personalized advertisements, see section 'Your rights and options' below.
To keep the Service safe and fair.
Ensuring a level playing field in the Service is a top priority for us. For more information on our acceptable use policy, see our Terms of Service.
In order to keep the Service and its social features safe and fair, to fight fraud and ensure acceptable use otherwise, we have a legitimate interest to process necessary data to
Analyze and monitor use of the Service and its social features
Take action against fraudulent or misbehaving players
To analyze, profile, and segment.
In all of the above cases and purposes, we may analyze, profile and segment all collected data.
WHO CAN SEE YOUR DATA
Apart from us, your data can be access by others in the following situations:
Partners working for us
LK Lab has partners to perform services for us. These partners process your data only at and according to our instructions to provide the Service, such as hosting, player support, advertising, analytics and fraud prevention.
Other companies and public authorities.
In order to combat fraud and illegal activity, we may exchange data with other companies and organizations and provide it to public authorities in response to lawful requests.
We may also disclose your data based on your consent, to comply with the law or to protect the rights, property or safety of us, our players or others.
Advertising and Social Media partners.
The Service includes features from our partners, such as social media interaction tools and in-game advertising. A list of these partners can be found below. These partners may access your data and operate under their own privacy policies. We encourage you to check their privacy policies to learn more about their data processing practices.
Social Media partners
If you choose to use the social features of the Service, these partners may access your data.  These partners operate under their own privacy policies. We encourage you to check their privacy policies to learn more about their data processing practices.
Facebook - Privacy Policy:
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy
Twitter - Privacy Policy:
https://twitter.com/en/privacy
Advertising, Analytics and Third Party Services Provided by Others
The Service includes features from our partners, such as in-game advertising. These partners may access your data and operate under their own privacy policies. We encourage you to check their privacy policies to learn more about their data processing practices. A list of these partners is as follows:
AdColony - Privacy Policy:
https://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/
Chartboost - Privacy Policy:
https://answers.chartboost.com/en-us/articles/200780269
Google - Privacy Policy:
https://policies.google.com
Oath - Privacy Policy:
https://policies.oath.com/us/en/oath/privacy/index.html
Unity - Privacy Policy:
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Vungle - Privacy Policy:
http://vungle.com/privacy/
IronSource - Privacy Policy:
http://www.ironsrc.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/03/ironSource-Privacy-Policy.pdf
YOUR RIGHTS AND OPTIONS
Opt-out of marketing emails and other direct marketing.
You may opt-out of receiving promotional communications, such as marketing emails from us by following the instructions in such communications.
Opting Out of Behaviorally Targeted Advertising and Analytics
If you wish to limit behaviorally targeted advertising, you can do so by limiting ad tracking in your device settings. Please note that opt-outs are specific to each browser and device and it may take a some time before your opt-out will take effect. For mobile advertising in apps, you can reset your Advertising Identifier and depending on your device, select to opt out of interest-based ads (Android) or turn on the Limit Ad Tracking setting (iOS).
Access the personal data we hold about you.
If you request, we will provide you a copy of your personal data in an electronic format.
Your other rights.
You also have the right to correct your data, have your data deleted, object how we use or share your data, and restrict how we use or share your data. You can always withdraw your consent, for example by turning off GPS location sharing in your mobile device settings.
We will respond to all requests within a reasonable time-frame.  If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third-party dispute resolution provider (free of charge). You may also contact your local data protection authority for unresolved complaints.
COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES
Like most on-line services, we and our partners use cookies and similar technologies to provide and personalize the Service, analyze use, target advertisements and prevent fraud. You can disable cookies in your browser settings, but some parts of the Service may then not function properly.
HOW DO WE PROTECT YOUR DATA
Security Safeguards.
In order to help ensure a secure and safe player experience, we are continuously developing and implementing administrative, technical and physical security measures to protect your data from unauthorized access or against loss, misuse or alteration.
Data retention.
We retain your data for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you the Service. We will for example periodically de-identify unused game accounts and we regularly review and de-identify unnecessary data.
Note that if you ask us to remove your personal data, we will retain your data as necessary for our legitimate business interests, such as to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
AGE LIMITS
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal data about or direct or target interest based advertising to anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to use our Services.  If you are under 13, please do not send any data about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address.  No one under the age of 13 may provide any personal data.  If we learn that we have collected personal data about a child under age 13, we will delete that data as quickly as possible.  If you believe that we might have any data from or about a child under the age of 13, please contact us.
CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
We may update this Policy to reflect changes to our data and information privacy practices. If we make any material changes we will notify you by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
CONTACT INFORMATION OF DATA CONTROLLER
LK Lab S.a.s.
Via alla Basilica 71/2
16030 Cogorno (GE), ITALY
If you have any questions or concerns about our data privacy practices, or if you have any requests for resolving issues with your personal information, please contact us at
info@lk-lab.com
.