Privacy Policy
The data controller is Pinkfroot Limited, of Stag Gates House, 63-64 The Avenue, Southampton, Hampshire SO17 1XS,
("we/us")
.  Pinkfroot is trading under the names "planefinder.net" and "shipfinder.co".  We are committed to protecting the privacy and rights of individuals through delivery of our services.  For information relating to our use of personal data please contact
dataprotectionofficer@pinkfroot.com
.
                    This policy (together with any other documents referred to on it) sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us in connection with your use of the Plane Finder apps and websites. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
1. How we obtain information about you
Casual users of our app and websites can do so without providing much personal information, however we do collect anonymised or partly-anonymised information to monitor performance and usage as set out below.
                    Subscribers to our Plane Finder apps and websites will be required to provide additional personal information as part of the subscription process, which we are able to connect to the statistical performance and usage data.
                    ADS-B data sharers, and receiver hosters, will be required to provide additional personal information as part of the data sharing and equipment hosting processes.
                    When you contact us to engage with our community, or report problems or concerns, you will provide us with additional information as part of that engagement.
1.1 Information you give us
When the app is used we will collect information as explained in 1.2 below.
                    When you subscribe to our premium services, you are required to provide us with a name, email address or appleID, and unique password.  You may also provide details of your address or contact number in specific correspondence with us, or provide us with such other personal data as we may reasonably require and expressly request that you provide.
1.2 Information we collect about you
With regard to each of your use of the apps or visits to our websites we may automatically collect the following information:
a) technical information, including the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, your login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform, analytics and crash reports; and
b) information about your visit, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through and from our site (including date and time); products you viewed or searched for; page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page and any phone number used to call us.
1.3 Additional information we collect from ADS-B data sharers
With regard to your installation, configuration and use of Plane Finder client sharing software you are required to provide us with an email address, receiver location coordinates, and technical details of your receiver hardware.
                    We will automatically collect the Public IP address of your sharing location and statistics regarding your sharing client.
1.4 Additional information we collect from you if we supply you with ADS-B receiver hardware
With regard to your installation of Plane Finder supplied ADS-B receiver hardware you are required to provide us with an email address, address, contact number and receiver location coordinates.
                    We may also require you supply us with such other personal data as we may reasonably require and expressly request that you provide
                    We will automatically collect the Public IP address of your sharing location, the GPS coordinates of the receiver hardware and statistics regarding the receiver.
1.5 Information we receive from other sources
a) We work closely with third parties (including, for example, business partners, sub-contractors in technical, payment and delivery services, advertising networks, analytics providers, search information providers) and may receive information about you from them.
1.6 We do not collect special categories of personal data.
1.7 If you do not provide us with the personal data that we need to provide our services we may not be able to perform our services to you, but we will notify you if this is the case at the time.  Where you are contributing to our community, this information is entirely voluntary.
2. How we use the personal information that we have
2.1 Our primary use of the information is to provide the flight data services to you through the app and the website.  Where you have subscribed to the service, we have a contract with you to make available our products and services in accordance with those terms. Generally, we do not rely on consent as the legal basis for processing your personal data, save where you are voluntarily submitting images or other content.  We are processing information to provide our service to you in accordance with our contract with you, to operate our business, and to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations.  We use the aggregated statistical information as is necessary for our legitimate interests to operate our business, keep our apps, websites and services updated and relevant; to develop our business, and provide relevant and targeted updates, and monitor and improve our services.
2.2 We may need to notify subscribers of changes to our services, or provide responses to specific questions or enquiries.
2.3 Users of our community interact and provide and share information with each other through the online community. We will process additional information to enable you to participate in all of our interactive features.
2.4 The information that is automatically collected about users of our apps and websites is used to ensure that content from our Site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer; administer our Site and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes; to keep our app and websites secure;
2.5 We are able to provide freely accessible services through the use of third party advertisements. Whilst we do not provide third parties with personal information, advertisers are able to collect information about users, and we make available some anonymised statistical information to enable them to select relevant goods and/or services to promote. We may measure or evaluate the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you.
2.6 We may combine the information that you provide to us with the information that we automatically collect from you when you subscribe to our services.  We may also combine this with information provided by third parties.  If you are a user of the free services, we process a minimal amount of personal information.
3. What categories of personal information
3.1 We have details of the phone or mobile device onto which our app is downloaded.
3.2 Where you subscribe to our services, you will provide us with contact details, and payment details are managed through a third party provider so that we do not have this information.
3.3 When you connect to the app, we collect some limited location data to enable us to give you a location starting point for searching our flight data records.
3.4 All materials that you contribute as part of your engagement with our community, including photos and other correspondence are published online within our community pages.
4. How we share your information
4.1 We may share your personal information with any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, as defined in section 1159 of the UK Companies Act 2006.
4.2 We may share personal information where necessary to our third party professionals and other suppliers or contractors to enable us to deliver our services to users and subscribers, or to protect and enforce our legal and contractual rights.
4.3 We may share your information with selected third parties including advertisers and advertising networks that require the data to select and serve relevant adverts to you and others; and/or  analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of our Site.
4.4 We may disclose your personal information to third parties:
4.4.1 in the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets;
4.4.2 if Pinkfroot Ltd or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets; and/or
4.4.3 if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal or regulatory obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of use and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Pinkfroot Ltd, our customers, or others.
5. Where we store your personal data and how it is secured
5.1 The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”). It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers. Such staff maybe engaged in, among other things, the provision of support services. By submitting your personal data, you acknowledge this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
5.2 Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our Site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.
5.3 Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our Site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
5.4 We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed.  We have measures in place to limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have put in place procedures to respond to a suspected personal data breach.
6. Data Retention
We will only retain your personal data for as long as is necessary to fulfil the purposes for which we have collected it.  By law, we have to keep basic information about our users and subscribers for 7 years after you cease to use our apps and services.
Information that you contribute to our online community will continue to be available to other community members after you have stopped receiving our services.
We may retain aggregated statistical information where this is beneficial to enable us to monitor and improve our services.
7. Your legal rights
Under certain circumstances, you have various rights as a data subject.
Request access to your personal data.
Request correction of your personal data.
Request erasure of your personal data.
Object to processing of your personal data.
Request restriction of processing your personal data.
Request transfer of your personal data.
Right to withdraw consent.
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact us at via the “Contact Us” form at the following link
https://planefinder.net/about/contact/
7.1 You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. We will usually inform you (before collecting your data) if we intend to use your data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data. You can also exercise the right at any time by contacting us via the “Contact Us” form at the following link
https://planefinder.net/about/contact/
.
7.2 The Act gives you the right to access information held about you. Please contact us via the “Contact Us” form at the following link
https://planefinder.net/about/contact/
7.3 Some of these rights are qualified, and may not apply to your circumstances. You will not usually have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights), however, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
8. Cookies
8.1 Our Site uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our Site. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our Site and also allows us to improve our Site.
8.2 For detailed information on the cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them see our Cookie Policy
https://planefinder.net/about/cookie-policy/
.
9. Advertising
This Site is affiliated with Freestar for the purposes of placing advertising on the Site, and Freestar will collect and use certain data for advertising purposes. To learn more about Freestar's data usage, click here:
https://freestar.com/privacy-policy/
.
10. Changes to our privacy policy
Any changes we may make to this policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to this policy
11. Other Sites
Our Site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the Sites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these website.