Last updated :
04/10/2022
METEO CONSULT Group (hereinafter referred to as “ our Company ”), respects your right to privacy.
                    This privacy policy (as well as our
General Terms and Conditions of Use
, our
Cookie policy
, as well as any other document
                     or information notice referring to this policy) informs you of the manner in which your personal data is collected
                      on
www.weathercrave.co.uk
(hereinafter referred to as the “
Website
”), the App La Chaîne Météo (hereinafter referred to as the “
App
”),
                       as well as services proposed via the Website or App, such as subscription to our publications or registration to our information lists
                        (hereinafter referred to as ”
Services
”).
This policy does not concern processing implemented for editorial purposes on the Website or App.
To view
our
cookies
policy, as well as our practices in terms of
online publicity targeting
,
                         please consult the
cookies
policy on this Website. If you wish to directly set up your choices
                          for the use of cookies on this Website, please click
here
This policy provides responses to the following questions:
What people collect data via the Website, App or Services?
The collection of personal data via the Website, App and for Services is undertaken primarily under the liability of the Company. However,some functions of the Website, App or use of some services such as publicity display, access to products and services proposed on the Website or App by third parties, the use of links towards third party websites involve the processing of your information by third parties.
To find out more
What information is collected in the framework of the Website, App and use of the Services?
Use of the Website, App and Services leads to direct collection of personal data, such as that which you declare to us during use of the Services or when you contact us. Information concerning activities on the Website, App and use of the Services, including login and browsing data is also collected without however enabling direct identification of a user. This information does however allow for association of data for a single user, including that collected from websites/applications from other entities of Figaro Group or client websites/apps of our advertising partners and regardless of the terminal used and to produce user profiles for commercial and publicity targeting. For users with an account, the profile generated is associated with the user.
To find out more
Why do you collect personal data?
We collect persona data primarily for the following reasons:
to facilitate use of the Website, App and Services,
to manage interactions with users and display adverts on the Website and/this App and other websites/aps (such is the case for browsing data) ;
to manage our relations with users/subscribers and more widely account holders], to provide them with Services subscribed,
to send promotional offers to our users/subscribers and prospective users which are more often personalised in line with areas of interest.
To find out more
For how long is this information stored?
Generally, your personal data is stored in an active database for as long as required for management of subscribed Services as well as for as long as your user account remains active, before being archived to meet our legal obligations (notably for the purpose of providing proof). Some of your data may be stored after your account is closed to manage pending claims or disputes.
To find out more
With whom do you share this information?
Your personal data is sent to our service providers and sub-contractors as necessary for management of the Website, App and subscribed Services, with it being understood that some services may be provided to other entities of Figaro Group. Notwithstanding any other options, this information may be shared with other entities in Figaro Group and our commercial partners, so as to allow us to make promotional offers to you, including third parties, as well as for publicity purposes.
To find out more
How do you guarantee the security of my personal data?
We implement measures intended to guarantee security of the Website, App and Services and to protect your personal data against any access by unauthorised third parties.
To find out more
Is personal data transferred outside of the European Union ?
We store your personal data within the EU. However, it is possible that the data we collect when you use our Website, App or Services be transferred outside of the EU to countries whose data protection legislation differs to that applicable in France.  In this instance, we implement guarantees for which provision is made by data protection legislation so as to guarantee an adequate level of protection of data transferred.
To find out more
How to unsubscribe from newsletters, manage options for communication and commercial canvassing ?
At any time, you can unsubscribe from newsletters and manage your options in terms of commercial canvassing.
To find out more and use your options
What are your choices if you do not wish to receive targeted advertising ?
At any time, you can withdraw your consent for use of the technologies of our advertising partners for targeted publicity.
Warning, refusing targeted publicity only means that adverts displayed on this Website or on Service areas will no longer be adapted to your areas of interest. This will not affect or prevent the display or receipt of other types of untargeted publicity.
To find out more and use your options
How can you access your personal data? How can you correct or delete data or exercise your other rights ?
You have several rights (access, rectification, deletion, objection and limitation, portability, claims) pursuant to data protection legislation allowing you to control the processing of your personal data.
To find out more and exercise your rights
How can you contact us ?
How are you informed of changes to this policy ?
What people collect your personal data via the Website or Services ?
The Website
, the App and the Services of La Chaîne Météo. Notwithstanding any other indication, in its capacity as editor of the Website and App, La Chaîne Météo has the capacity of data processor as defined by data protection legislation implemented to ensure operation of the Website, App and provision of the Services.
Publicity display.
However, some processing necessary for the display of adverts on the Website or App (for instance adverts or sponsored links) are implemented in whole or in part by third party partners who are liable for the technologies used so as to allow for the collection of data (such as identifiers included in cookies associated with pages visited), for targeted publicity, including on other websites. On this issue, we invite you to refer to our
cookie policy
by consulting the Cookie policy for this website.
Third party services and events.
Some services or events are proposed in the framework of partnerships such as the organisation of a competition or event. If, in this framework, data is also collected by a third party, we will inform you at the time of registration. In this instance, it is also necessary, prior to subscribing Services or participating in events, to consult the policies of these third parties.
Links towards other sites.
The Website may also include links towards other websites or services proposed by third parties. This policy is not applicable to these websites or services. In this instance, we invite you to consult data protection practices for these websites or third parties.
What information is collected in the framework of the Website, App and use of the Services ?
We collect several types of personal data about you :
Data you have declared to us :
This is identification and contact information (such as your surname, forename, civil status, email address, postal address, telephone number, preferences, services subscribed, object of the request when you write to us or contact one of our advisors, your login information, connection information, information concerning payment terms and/or bank details) which you send us at the time of subscribing to one of our Services or participation in our events, or when you contact us.
Data generated due to your use of the Website, App and Services when you are identified
such as your areas of interest, commercial canvassing options, frequency and intensity of use of our services, history of logins….
Data collected automatically concerning your browsing whether or not you are logged in :
This concerns information which is attached to your browser (such as your online activities on the Website or App, your visits to pages, etc.). This information is collected when you log in as well as when you are not logged in and is reconciled, regardless of the terminal you use. This website uses tracing technology of advertising partners: To find out more, we invite you to consult our Cookie policy.
Geographical location data:
when you are connected using the App and have activated the option, we collect information concerning your location so as to propose ads and services in relation with your geographical position.
If location data is allowed in the background, we collect thoses informations either when you are not connected using the App.
If you do not want us to use your location data, simply deactivate the geographical location function in the settings on your terminal or only deactivate the collect in the background.
Data sent by third party partners :
This concerns information which has been sent to us by third party partners with whom you have been in contact and who you have authorised to share your personal data for commercial canvassing or targeted publicity. This may concern socio demographic data (such as your socio-professional category, age range, gender), contact details (such as your email address, telephone number), profile data (such as your like for certain products or services, your areas of interest).
Combination of data.
The Company and third party advertisers may combine data obtained from all of these sources with other data in their possession and produce profile data allowing for targeted publicity.
Why do we collect personal data?
Browsing on the Website or App.
Generally speaking, you can browse on the Website or App without needing to send us any identification data. However, some sections of the Website, the App or some paid-for content is only accessible for identified users having created a
user account
.
Moreover, free and unrestricted access to content on the Website, App and some Services is funded by income made from publicity distributed on the Website, App or in the Services. In order to enable the display of adverts which are of interest to you, the Website and App use
targeted publicity
technologies implemented by the Company or by our commercial partners. To find out more about these technologies, we invite you to consult our
Cookie policy
.
Interactions with the Website, App and Services.
The Company is also led to collect personal data pertaining to users of the Website, App and Services in those instances and for those purposes outlined below:
Creation of a user account, including account validation and security
Subscription to our newsletters, subscription and access to our publications
Management of our contacts with you in the framework of any questions, technical assistance requests, claims which you may make, calls to advisors
Guaranteeing the security of the Website, App and Services.
Management of Services subscribed.
We use data that we collect for management of the Services subscribed and fulfil our contractual obligations,
                        to ensure account and financial management (invoicing, payment supervision, processing claims and incidents, including managing credit recovery and dispute resolution, etc.)
                         in line with terms and conditions for which provision is made in our
General Terms and Conditions of Use
.
Promotional offers.
Notwithstanding any other
options
, we use data collected on the Website, App or in the Services for management of commercial canvassing and:
To allow us to let you receive specific services and promotions, by undertaking commercial canvassing which is the result of targeted publicity and which may be determined in line with your browsing habits or use of services subscribed on this Website or with partners.
To organise events, competitions, surveys and studies.
Publicity.
Notwithstanding any other options, we establish the profiles of users and undertake targeted publicity to send you or to display on the Website or App,
                         offers adapted to your areas of interest and/or your geographical position or which we believe are likely to interest you, including using technology which places
Cookies
on your terminal or in emails which we send out.  Similarly, our advertising partners may also establish such profiles to send you or display on the Website/App
                           any sponsored links, as well as to send you or display such content on other websites.
When you visit our website, we may as data controllers share personal data or other information that we collect from you, such as your IP address and/or information about your browser or operating system, with ID5 and its
                        group companies.
ID5 uses this information to create an ID to recognise you on your devices. This ID does not contain any of your personally identifiable data.
We may place this identifier in a first-party cookie or use an ID5 cookie and allow it to be used for online advertising purposes. This ID may be shared by us or on our behalf with our advertising partners and other third-party advertising companies globally for the purpose of providing interest-based content and/or targeted advertising throughout your online experience (e.g., on the web, in emails, on connected devices, in-app, etc.). Detailed information on ID5's data processing activities related to this ID and the ID5 opt-out is available in the ID5 Platform Privacy Policy here:
https://id5.io/platform-privacy-policy
.
                        You have the right to withdraw your consent or opt out of the processing of your personal data at any time.
Statistics.
We also use data collected for surveys and statistical purposes.
Some data is also stored to meet our legal obligations and defend our interests in the event of any dispute or legal action.
What is the legal basis for collecting data ?
We only collect personal data when we have a legal basis to do so.
The collection of personal data as outlined hereinabove is undertaken as this is :
1 - Necessary for performance of contracts you have taken out (user account, subscriptions, etc.).
2 - Necessary for our legitimate best interests, notably to offer you adapted content, undertake statistics, for protection of the Website and App against any unauthorised use.
3 - Necessary to comply with our legal obligations.
Aside for these instances, this data is also collected on the basis of your consent, for instance when you complete a contact form, send us a claim,
                        when you post a comment on a forum or where consent is required by law, for instance to send you an email or sms with partner offers.
For how long is your data stored ?
Duration of your relations.
Generally speaking, your personal data is stored for the entire duration of your relations with us, and is then archived so as to meet our legal obligations or as proof or is made anonymous for studies and statistical purposes.
Data stored after deletion of your account.
In certain cases, we may store some of your personal data even if you delete your account,
                        as a legal obligation, or if there is still a problem concerning this account, for instance a debit balance or the presence of an outstanding
                         claim or unresolved dispute. In this instance, the data required for resolution of the problem or dispute will be stored for as long as the dispute
                          lasts in the limit of rules applicable for statutes of limitations.
With whom do we share your data ?
In the framework of using the Services, some of your information is sent to our service providers and sub-contractors who are involved in provision of the Service in the limit required for their intervention. Some of these services may be provided by other entities of Figaro Group. Consequently, your payment details are sent to our payment service providers and to banks holding accounts in the framework of performance of transactions pertaining to your subscriptions/purchases.
Notwithstanding any other options, your personal data, including identity, contact details, history of subscription, areas of interest and user profile, as well as that pertaining to people who contact us (identity, details, object of the request and response provided), is shared between entities of Figaro Group for centralised management of client relations, studies, analysis and segmentation, as well as for commercial canvassing. Some of this information such as your contact details, areas of interest, age or socio-professional category, and geographical location are shared with our commercial partners who are likely to send you information concerning their products and services.
We may also be led to share your data with external counsel in the event of any disputes, or with third parties, such as debt recovery firms, responsible for recovering unpaid amounts or our service providers responsible for moderating discussion forums on the Website.
Your personal data may also be shared in instances not outlined hereinabove with your consent or when we are bound to do so pursuant to law. Consequently, when you use the social network buttons or you log in to your account on the Website using login modules managed by these social networks, data pertaining to your identification is automatically sent to these social networks.
In such instance as the activities of the Company are sold in whole or in part, your Personal Data will be sent to the buyer so as to guarantee continuity of the Services and/or notwithstanding any other options, for commercial canvassing.
How is the security of my personal data guaranteed ?
Your personal data is protected by technical and organisational measures which comply with legal and regulatory requirements in France and Europe, protecting their security and confidentiality.
In particular, the Company uses protection technologies, such as encryption, authentication, and fraud detection systems so as to protect your online account, as well as payment transactions.
The Company guarantees, pursuant to written commitments, that its service providers present sufficient guarantees to ensure the protection of personal data for which processing is conferred thereunto.
Is personal data transferred outside of the European Union? With what guarantees ?
We store your Personal Data in the European Union. However, it is possible that the data we collect when you use our Website, App or Services be transferred outside of the European Union to countries whose data protection legislation differs to that applicable in France.
Such transfers are undertaken in return for appropriate guarantees in compliance with data protection regulations applicable.
Upon request, we can provide you with the list of countries where we store data and those where we occasionally process data.
How can you unsubscribe from newsletters, manage commercial canvassing and communication options ?
How can you unsubscribe from newsletters?
After logging in with your identification information, in the top right corner of your screen, click on
your initials
, and then on
My space
and click on the dustbin icon in front of the newsletters which you no longer wish to receive.
What are my commercial protection options ?
Commercial canvassing.
Pursuant to legislation applicable and your consent where required, we may use data you provide us with when creating your account or using Services for commercial canvassing for instance to send you promotional offers, including third parties, send invitations to our events or any other communication likely to be of interest to you. We can also share some information with our commercial partners for commercial canvassing.
If you do not wish for such use of your personal data, please contact us in the manner outlined under the section
Contact us
.
Promotional emails :
At any time you can withdraw your consent by :
Unticking the corresponding box in your account accessible after logging in via the section entitled “my space” and then clicking on “Edit my profile”
Clicking on the unsubscribe link inserted in each of our communications
Postal correspondence
, at any time you can object  by contacting us in line with the terms outlined under the section entitled
Contact us
.
What can you do if you do not want to receive targeted publicity ?
We may also use this by associating it with your browsing data using cookies for targeted publicity for instance to display on our Website, App or the website of third parties, adverts which are adapted to your profile or which we consider as likely to be of interest or for commercial switching when you read an email including a particular offer. This type of targeting is made possible by the use of technologies of our advertising partners to link browsing data of a single user on the Website, App, social media platforms or third party websites and regardless of the terminal used.
On social network platforms (for instance Facebook and Twitter): You can object to this processing at any time by configuring the settings pertaining to publicity in your account
On third party websites: You can refer to our
Cookies policy
to understand how to withdraw your consent.
Warning, refusing targeted publicity only means that adverts displayed on this Website or within the Services will no longer be adapted to your areas of interest. This will not affect or prevent the display or receipt of other types of advertising, which is not targeted.
How can I access my personal data? How can I correct this data or exercise my other rights ?
Access and copies
You have a right to access and be sent your personal data.
Before responding to your request, we are bound by law to check your identity. We may be led to request that you provide us with further information to respond to your request. We will strive to follow up with your request as soon as practically possible.
If you have an account, you can directly access
data included in your account online, as well as your subscriptions:
log in to your account
This access will also allow you to correct, amend or delete your contact information.
If you cannot access your account or to access other data, please contact us using the terms indicted under the section entitled
Contact us
above.
Correct inaccurate personal data
You can also request correction of your personal data which is incorrect and limit processing whilst being corrected. You are also entitled, depending on the nature of processing, to request that personal data we hold be completed. In this instance, we are likely to request supporting documentation as justification.
If you cannot access your account or if the data you want to correct cannot be corrected via accessing your account, contact us in line with the terms indicated under the section entitled
Contact us
above.
Withdraw your consent for personal data processing
When processing of your personal data rests on your consent such as, for instance, the participation in a competition, registration in an event, the issue of electronic commercial requests for services and products other than those which you have already subscribed, you are entitled to withdraw your consent at any time.
This right can be exercised by amending your options  in terms of commercial canvassing and subscriptions to your newsletter,
                             as well as by withdrawing your consent for the placement of cookies in line with the terms indicated in our
cookies policy
.
Delete your personal data
You can also request that your personal data be deleted in the following instances:
You consider that it is no longer necessary for us to process your personal data in light of the Services subscribed or your use of
                           the Website, App, or performance of the
purposes indicated hereinabove
in this policy or the storage thereof runs contrary to law
You have withdrawn your consent for processing of your data (see above  Withdraw your consent for processing your personal data)
You object to processing your personal data for grounds related to your personal circumstances
You object to use of your data for commercial canvassing
Your data has been collected online even though you are minor.
You may alternatively, in the limits for which provision is made by law, request limitation of processing of your personal data.
Please note that notwithstanding exercising your right to deletion or limitation, we may store some of your personal data where
                             law requires or imposes or authorises us, where we have a legitimate ground to do so, to defend our rights in court or when exercising
                              this right harms your right to freedom of expression and information. This is, for instance, the case if we believe that you have breached
                               our
General Terms and Conditions of Use
.
Notify us of your post mortem directives
You are also entitled to define directives pertaining to what happens to your data after your death.
Contact us
For any questions pertaining to this data protection policy or for any request pertaining to your personal data, you can contact us :
Online
by sending us an email to the following address: dpo@meteoconsult.fr
By post
to the following address: METEO CONSULT, Service DPO, 1 rue Jean-Antoine de Baïf – 78540 Vernouillet
Claims :
When you observe that your rights are not respected or that protection of your data is no longer being guaranteed,
                            you are entitled to refer the case to the CNIL (French National Data Protection Authority) with any claim concerning the processing
                             of your personal data.
How can I be notified of any changes to the policy ?
Important note :
We may change this policy from time to time to reflect changes in our practices, to more clearly outline our practices
                            or to ensure respect of regulations. In this instance, you will be notified by a message on this website inviting you to consult
                            the updated policy, as well as by any other appropriate means.
Version updated on 03/10/2018