Dogmelon Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
At Dogmelon Pty Ltd (Australian Business Number: 79 098 559 392) (defined here as ‘We’, ‘Us’ or ‘Our’), We recognise the importance of your privacy and understand the concerns surrounding security of personal information.
This Privacy Policy sets out how We collect, use and disclose “personal information” and other “non-personal information” We have gathered about you about you in relation to Our game “Beautiful Mahjong”, (“Game” which includes the Game versions on iOS, tvOS, macOS).
By using our Games, you acknowledge and consent to the terms of this privacy policy.
This policy will let you know:
What information (often referred to as ‘data’) is collected from you;
How your information is used;
With whom your information may be shared;
How you can access, update, or delete your information.
We will comply with all relevant and applicable legislative requirements, and, in the event of any inconsistency, the legislative requirements will override the provisions of this document.
User Age Limits
Our games and Our website are not aimed at children under 13 years of age. Nevertheless, We acknowledge that our Game may unintentionally appeal to children.
We do not collect any personally identifiable information within the age gated part of Our Game for children, nor do We intentionally direct interest-based advertising to anyone under the age of 13 years.
If you believe that we have inadvertently collected information from a person under the age of 13, please contact Us at the email address below and the information will be permanently deleted. We do not permit behaviourally targeted advertising to children under the age of 13 years.
What data do we collect? We collect data in three ways.
Data collected automatically;
Data you provide us; and
Data collected by our partners.
The basis for collecting data is “legitimate interest” under GDPR (Global Data Protection Regulation) and “to support internal operations of the game” under COPPA (Children's Online Privacy Protection Act). Any data collected is done solely for internal uses that are reasonably and directly related to your relationship with US, in accordance with the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA).
A.	Data collected automatically
Certain data is collected automatically. This includes:
Data about your game progress;
Data about your device, such as device name and operating system, browser type and language;
Data about your use of the Service, such as gameplay data and your interactions with other players inside the Service; and
Your IP addresses, and mobile device identifiers (such as your device ID, advertising ID, MAC address, IMEI). Please note, there are ways to prevent this, which are outlined at ‘Third Party Service Providers’ below.
B.	Data you provide us
We collect and store your email where you nominate to specifically allow Our games to collect your player name and your email. We will also keep your contact details if you contact Us for a particular purpose, via our Game.
C.	Data we collect from our third-party partners
To operate and manage Our Game (and services) We need to use third party service providers from time to time. A list of those parties can be found in this privacy policy. The type of information We might collect from them includes:
Data we receive if you link a third-party tool with the Service (such as logging in via Facebook, or Google);
Demographic data (to determine the coarse location of your IP address)
Data from platforms that the games run on; and
Data for analytics purposes.
How do we use the data we collect?
Data collected can be personal to you or non-personal, and sometimes data that doesn’t appear to be personal can become personal if certain other facts are learned. No matter how We come to collect your data, We will always treat it in accordance with this document, and any applicable legislation.
What is Personal Information?
‘Personal Information’
is information that identifies you as an individual. This is only collected by Us if you submit it to Us directly. We note that this does not mean that the Game itself does not collect data, rather We do not collect personal information from you.
Player Feedback
If you contact Us with a comment or query, We keep a copy of any personal information you provide. This is so that We can respond to your comments and questions as a part of Our commitment to providing you with player support. If you contact Us directly for any reason, We also keep a copy of that correspondence.
What about Sensitive Information?
Sensitive information includes information about such things as an individual’s racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, membership of a political association, religious or philosophical beliefs, membership of a professional body, criminal records or health information.
We will not attempt to obtain nor record any sensitive information.
Third Party Service Providers
Apart from Us, your data is accessible by Our third-party providers in the following circumstances. Our Game includes services from third-party providers such as functionalities through application programming interfaces (APIs) and Software Development Kits (SDKs). These third-party providers may access your data and operate under their own privacy policies. While we strive to work with reputable companies with good privacy practices, this Policy does not apply to third-party services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites that may be displayed or linked to you on the Game. We also do not control the privacy policies and your privacy settings with third parties, including social advertising networks. We encourage you to review their privacy policies (listed below) before interacting with our Game.
APIs
AppsFlyer: https://www.appsflyer.com/legal/privacy-policy/
SDKs
Apple: https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/pdfs/apple-privacy-policy-en-ww.pdf
Google (Firebase): https://policies.google.com/privacy
Advertising Networks
Unity Ads: https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
We note that if you wish to opt-out of targeted in-app advertising on your mobile device, you can enable the Limit Ad Tracking flag on the device. Enabling Limit Ad Tracking sends a notification to third parties that you wish to opt-out of targeted advertising on that device.
Collection of other ‘Non-Personal’ Information
Some non-personal information may be gathered while you use Our games. Non-personal information is general, non-identifiable and anonymous information that is gathered for statistical, analytical and research purposes such as the improvement of our games (for example, bug fixes).
Access, Deletion and Correction of Your Personal Information.
Regardless of how we come in contact with your data, you have the right to request access to any personal information We hold about you. You may request access to the information We hold about you by contacting Us via email at dmsupport@dogmelon.com.au. If at any time You believe that personal information about You is incorrect, incomplete or inaccurate, You may request that We amend such information. If We refuse your request, We will provide you a written notice which will outlines the reasons for such refusal and the complaint mechanisms available to you.
You may also request that We delete any personal information We hold about You by contacting Us via email at dmsupport@dogmelon.com.au.
Data Subject Requests
In the event that you send a data subject request to Us, or one of Our third-party partners informs Us that you have contacted them directly about your personal data they collected while you were using our service, We will respond to that request in accordance with any applicable legislation.
If you wish to know what data We hold about you, if any, please make out your request to Us in writing at the address listed below. Please be aware that in order to protect the information in Our database, We will require identification from you before releasing any information.
Disclosure and Security of Your Information
We will not sell, trade, rent or disclose any of the personal information you provide to us for any reason, without your prior consent. Otherwise, your Personal Information will only be disclosed where required or allowable by law.
Your Personal Information is stored offsite in a manner that reasonably protects it from misuse, loss, unauthorised access, modification or disclosure.
International Transfers of Your Information
Given that our Game is globally accessible, there are times where your data may need to be transferred across different jurisdictions. However, we will not transfer your personal information across jurisdictions, unless:
You have provided your consent; or
It is necessary to complete a transaction in Our Game; and
We believe that the recipient of such information is subject to a law, or a binding scheme, that has the effect of protecting your information in a way that, overall, is at least substantially similar to the way in which the Australian Privacy Principles (APPs) protect information; and there are mechanisms you can access to take action to enforce that protection of the law or binding scheme; or
Where otherwise allowed by any applicable legislation.
Policy Updates
This Policy may change from time to time. The most current version of our Privacy Policy can be found at http://dogmelon.com.au/. We will always keep this up to date so that you know what information we will collect from you, how we may use it, and when we may disclose it.
Complaints
You can lodge a complaint with us about any breach of our Privacy Policy at the address below.
Privacy Policy Contact Information
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, please contact us at: dmsupport@dogmelon.com.au
Office of the Australian Information Commissioner
Phone: 1300 363 992 (local call cost, but calls from mobile and pay phones may incur higher charges). If calling from overseas (including Norfolk Island): +61 2 9284 9749
TTY: 1800 620 241 (this number is dedicated to the hearing impaired only, no voice calls)
TIS: Translating and Interpreting Service: 131 450 (If you don’t speak English or English is your second language and you need assistance and ask for the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner)
Post: GPO Box 2999 Canberra ACT 2601 Fax: +61 2 9284 9666 Email: enquiries@oaic.gov.au
Privacy Policy last updated 6 March 2024