Privacy Policy
2025-02-28T20:11:00+00:00
Privacy Policy and Notice of Information Practices
Effective Date:
January 3, 2025
Tecarta, Inc. (“
Tecarta
,” “
we
,” “
us
” or “
our
”) is committed to building software that changes the world by helping people get the most out of their Bibles every day.
This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, and share the personal information that we gather when you use our applications (“
App(s)
”), any websites operated by Tecarta, Inc., that link to this Privacy Policy (“
Sites
”), and all other products, services, events, or interactive features operated by Tecarta, Inc. (collectively, with Apps and Sites, “
Services
”).
Please
click the following links
to learn more about our Privacy Policy:
Information We Collect
How We Use Your Information
How We Share Your Information
Security & Retention
How We Respond to “Do Not Track”
Cookies
Children’s Privacy
International Transfers of Information
Privacy Rights & Additional Disclosures for EEA & UK Individuals
Privacy Rights & Additional Disclosures for Brazilian Individuals
Privacy Rights & Additional Disclosures for Certain U.S. Residents
Change of Control
Policy Updates
Contact Information
1. Information We Collect
Information You Give Us
You may give us information by signing up for an online account, entering information through our online forms or surveys, inputting information while using our Services, contacting us through a chat service, or contacting us by phone or email for information or customer service.
The categories of information include:
Identifiers, such as name, email address, account name, Internet Protocol address, postal address, unique personal identifier, and similar identifiers;
Categories of personal information described in Section 1798.80(e) of the California Civil Code, such as name, address, telephone number, and similar information;
Characteristics of protected classifications under federal or state law, such as religion;
Commercial information, such as products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies;
Internet or other electronic network activity information, such as information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an Internet website, application, or advertisement;
Visual information, such as profile pictures;
Professional or employment-related information; and,
Inferences drawn from the above categories of information.
The categories of sensitive information include:
Account log-in, in combination with any required security or access code, password, or credentials allowing access to the account;
Religious beliefs; and,
Contents of mail, email, and text messages, unless we are the intended recipient of the communication.
Information We Automatically Collect
We also may collect certain information automatically when you access our Services, including:
Your IP address, which is the number automatically assigned to your computer whenever you access the Internet and that can sometimes be used to derive your general geographic area;
Other unique identifiers, including mobile device identification numbers (e.g., IDFA, Android/Google Advertising ID, IMEI);
Your browser type and operating system;
Your device characteristics;
Sites you visited before and after visiting the Sites and Apps;
Pages you view and links you click on within the Sites and Apps, including remembering you and your preferences;
Your device location and/or other general geolocation information, including the zip code, state, or country from which you accessed the Sites and Apps;
Information collected through cookies, web beacons and other technologies;
Information about your interactions with email messages, such as the links clicked on and whether the messages were received, opened, or forwarded; and,
Standard Server Log Information.
Information We Collect from Third Parties
If you access our Sites through third parties (e.g., Facebook or Google), or if you share content from our Services to a third-party social media service, the third-party service will send us certain information about you if the third-party service and your account settings allow such sharing. The information we receive will depend on the policies and your account settings with the third-party service.
2. How We Use Your Information
We may use information that we collect through our Services for a variety of purposes, including to:
Provide you with our Services, which includes:
Maintaining and servicing accounts,
Providing customer service,
Processing and fulfilling orders and transactions,
Verifying customer information,
Processing payments, and,
Providing advertising or marketing services to you;
Provide analytic services, such as analyzing customer usage and improving our Services;
Conduct market research and project planning;
Detect security incidents, protect against fraudulent or other criminal activity, debug and repair errors, and maintain the overall quality and safety of our Services;
Share your website visitor activity, through website cookies, with third-party marketing partners to market our Services on our Sites and other websites that you may visit;
Fulfill our legal and financial obligations; and,
Provide you with employment opportunities.
Marketing
We may use your personal information to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in any email we send, or you can contact us using the contact details provided in the “Contact Information” section below. You will still continue to receive service-related messages concerning products and services you have purchased (unless we have indicated otherwise).
Showing Quality Advertisements for Ad-supported Users
When you use the ad-supported version of our Apps, we may show you advertisements within the Apps based on your interests. This may involve using device identifiers to entice advertisers to show you personalized advertisements of products or services they want to offer.
When you access the App as an ad-supported user, you may be prompted to either allow tracking across apps or opt out of seeing personalized advertisements on our App. If you allow tracking, we will use your information to show advertisements that are personalized to your interests. If you do not allow tracking, we will instead use your information to show general, non-personalized advertisements.
3. How We Share Your Information
We are committed to maintaining your trust, and we want you to understand when and with whom we may disclose the information we collect. We disclose your personal information in the following instances:
Service Providers, Corporate Parents, and Affiliates.
We share your information with our third-party service providers, corporate parents, affiliates, and any subcontractors as required to offer you our products and Services. The service providers we use help us to:
Run, operate, and maintain our Services through third-party platforms and software tools;
Perform content moderation and crash analytics;
Run email messaging campaigns;
Perform marketing analytics;
Provide measurement services (you can opt out of these services at websites such as
http://www.aboutads.info/choices
and
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
);
Provide payment attribution; and,
Provide technical and customer support.
Other Parties When Required by Law or as Necessary to Protect Our Services.
We may disclose your information to third parties in order to: protect the legal rights, safety and security of Tecarta, affiliates and the users of our Services; enforce our
Terms
; prevent fraud (or for risk management purposes); and comply with or respond to law enforcement or legal process or a request for cooperation by a government entity, whether or not legally required. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection.
Other Parties with Your Express or Implied Consent.
We may share information about you with third parties when you consent to such sharing.
Aggregate Information.
We may aggregate or otherwise strip information of all personally identifying characteristics and may share that aggregated, anonymized data with third parties or publish it. We reserve the right to make use of any such aggregated data as we see fit.
In addition, we may allow third parties to place and read their own cookies, web beacons and similar technologies to collect information through the Services. For example, our third-party service providers may use these technologies to collect information that helps us with traffic measurement, research, and analytics.
Disclosures to Show Personalized Advertising to Ad-Supported Users
If you use the ad-supported version of our Apps, we may share your personal information with advertising networks to allow ad publishers to show you personalized advertisements. These disclosures may, depending on the jurisdiction, qualify as “sharing” personal information. Please click the “Your Privacy Choices” footer link on this website to learn how ad-supported users can opt out of personalized advertising.
External Service Providers
Some external service providers may also collect information directly from you (for example, a payment processor may request your billing and financial information) in accordance with their own privacy policy. These external service providers do not share your financial information, like credit card number, with us, but may share limited information with us related to your purchase, like your zip code.
4. Security & Retention
We maintain a variety of security procedures to help protect against loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction of the information you provide through our Services. However, no data transmitted over the Internet or stored on a server can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your information and privacy, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you disclose or transmit to us online and cannot be responsible for the theft, destruction or inadvertent disclosure of your information.
We retain information from or about you for so long as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy. When the information is no longer necessary for these purposes, we delete it or keep it in a form that does not identify you, unless we are required by law to keep this information for a longer period. When determining the retention period, we take into account various criteria, such as the type of products and Services requested by or provided to you, the nature and length of our relationship with you, possible re-enrollment with our products or Services, the impact on the Services we provide to you if we delete some information from or about you, mandatory retention periods provided by law and the statute of limitations.
Data Deletion Requests
We delete your data upon request. To submit a request to delete your data, please email us at
[email protected]
. We will respond promptly to each request. You can also delete your account including all your data by visiting
https://lifebible.com/delete
while logged into the account you would like to delete.
5. How We Respond to “Do Not Track”
Do Not Track (“
DNT
”) is a web browser setting that requests a web application disable its tracking of an individual user. When you choose to turn on the DNT setting in your browser, your browser sends a special signal to websites, analytics companies, ad networks, plug in providers, and other web services you encounter while browsing to stop tracking your activity. However, because there currently is no industry standard concerning what, if anything, websites should do when they receive such signals, we currently do not take action in response to these signals. You can learn more about Do Not Track
here
.
6. Cookies
To make our Services work properly, we sometimes place small data files called cookies on your device. A cookie is a small text file that a website saves on your computer or mobile device when you visit the website. It enables the website to remember your actions and preferences (such as login, shopping cart, or other preferences) over a period of time, so you do not have to keep re-entering them whenever you come back to the site or browse from one page to another. To learn more, please see our
Cookie Policy
.
Google Analytics
We may use Google Analytics. We use the information we get from Google Analytics only to improve the Sites. We do not combine the information collected through the use of Google Analytics with personally identifiable information. Please refer to Google’s
Privacy Policy
for more information. You may also choose to download the
Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on
.
You may wish to restrict the use of cookies. Please be aware that some of the features of our Sites may not function correctly if you disable cookies. Most modern browsers allow you to change your cookie settings. You can usually find these settings in the options or preferences menu of your browser. To understand these settings, the following links for commonly used browsers may be helpful:
Cookie settings in Chrome
Cookie settings in Firefox
Cookie settings in Microsoft Edge
Cookie settings in Safari web
and
iOS
Personalized Advertising
If you are an ad-supported user of our App, we may collect your personal information through tracking technologies such as advertising cookies for targeted or personalized advertising purposes. You may opt out of targeted or personalized advertising within the settings of the App.
7. Children’s Privacy
Our Services are not directed at individuals under the age of 16. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 16 unless we have received sufficient parental consent. If you become aware that a child has provided us with personal information without sufficient parental consent, please contact us using the contact details provided at the end of this Privacy Policy. If we become aware that a child under 16 has provided us with personal information without sufficient parental consent, we will take steps to delete such information.
8. International Transfers of Information
Any data that you provide to us may be accessed, shared, or processed by our offices, located in the United States, and service providers located in the United States, if such data transfer is necessary for the specific purpose for which you submitted your data (such as the provision of goods or services under a written contract).
This may entail the transfer of your personal information across international borders. The data protection standards may differ and be lower than the standards enforced in your jurisdiction. We maintain appropriate safeguards as required by applicable law for any personal information transferred internationally.
9. Privacy Rights & Additional Disclosures for EEA & UK Individuals
If you are a resident of or located within the European Economic Area (EEA) or the United Kingdom (UK), you have the right, under certain circumstances, to:
Access your personal information;
Have your information rectified if that information is inaccurate or incomplete;
Request erasure of your personal information without undue delay;
To object to our processing of your personal information;
Request restriction of, in certain circumstances, the processing of your personal information;
Request to be provided with a copy of the information we have on you in a structured, machine-readable, and commonly used format; and
Withdraw your consent at any time where Tecarta relied on your consent to process your personal information.
Legal Bases for Processing Personal Information Under the GDPR
If you are from the EEA or UK, Tecarta’s legal bases for collecting or processing your personal information are as follows:
The performance of your contract or to enter into the contract and to take action on your requests. For example, the processing of your account registration.
Our legitimate business interests. For example, fraud prevention, maintaining the security of our network and Services, direct marketing to you, and improvement of our Services.
Compliance with a mandatory legal obligation. For example, accounting and tax requirements, which are subject to mandatory retention periods. We may also collect your Personal Information to record your requests to exercise your rights and to verify your identity for such requests.
Consent you provide where we do not rely on another legal basis. Consent may be withdrawn at any time.
In some limited cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect personal information from you in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet law enforcement requirements, as described above in the “How We Share Your Information” section.
Right to Lodge a Complaint
If you have any issues with our compliance, you have the right to lodge a complaint with an EEA supervisory authority. We would, however, appreciate the opportunity to first address your concerns and would welcome you directing an inquiry to us via the contact information at the bottom of this Privacy Policy.
Exercising Your Rights Under the GDPR
If applicable, you may exercise any of your rights under the GDPR by submitting a verifiable data subject request to us by using the details in the Contact Information section below. You may make a request related to your personal information or on behalf of someone for which you have authorization. You must include your full name, email address, and attest to the fact that you are a citizen or resident of the EEA by including your country of citizenship or residence in your request.
Please note that we will ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests, and we may deny your request if we are unable to verify your identity or authority to make the request.
10. Privacy Rights & Additional Disclosures for Brazilian Individuals
If you are located in the national territory of Brazil, you have certain additional data protection rights. These rights include:
The right to confirmation of the existence of the processing;
The right to access the data;
The right to correct incomplete, inaccurate, or out-of-date data;
The right to anonymize, block, or delete unnecessary or excessive data or data that is not being processed in compliance with the LGPD;
The right to the portability of data to another service or product provider, by means of an express request;
The right to delete personal information processed with the consent of the data subject;
The right to information about public and private entities with which the controller has shared data;
The right to information about the possibility of denying consent and the consequences of such denial;
The right to revoke consent; and,
The right to review decisions based on the processing of personal information carried out exclusively by automated means.
Legal Bases for Processing Data Under the LGPD
Tecarta’s legal bases for collecting or processing your personal information are as follows:
We need to provide a service to you;
You have given us your consent to do so;
The processing is in our legitimate interests and it is not overridden by your rights; or
To comply with the law.
Duration of Processing
Tecarta will process and retain your personal information only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your personal information to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your Information to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
Tecarta will also retain personal information and usage data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Site or from the Site infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit). Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Site or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer periods.
Exercising Your Rights Under the LGPD
If applicable, you may exercise any of your rights under the LGPD by submitting a verifiable data subject request to us by using the details in the Contact Information section below. You may make a request related to your personal information or on behalf of someone for which you have authorization. You must include your full name, email address, and attest to the fact that you are a citizen or resident of Brazil in your request. We may require you to confirm your identity and/or legal standing for the request as well as your residency in order to obtain the information. We will respond to your request within 15 days.
11. Privacy Rights & Additional Disclosures for Certain U.S. Residents
Several states within the United States grant their residents certain rights and disclosures. We provide the following information to further help you understand your potential privacy rights. If you would like to exercise any rights or inquire as to whether such rights are available to you, please email us at
[email protected]
.
Request for Information
Residents of certain U.S. states have the right to know whether we are processing your personal information, and in some instances, you have the right to request that we disclose to you the categories listed below for the preceding 12 months. We have the right to request verification of your identity for all requests for information. In responding to this right, we shall provide to you:
The categories of personal information we have collected from you;
The categories of sources from which we collected the personal information;
The business or commercial purpose we have for collecting, selling, sharing, or disclosing that personal information, and the categories of personal information disclosed for such purposes;
The categories of third parties with whom we share such personal information;
The categories of personal information we have sold, if any, about you and the categories of third parties to whom your personal information was sold, by category or categories of personal information for each third party to whom the personal information was sold; and,
The specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.
In addition, you may have the right to request we delete your personal information.
Request for Correction
Residents of certain U.S. states have the right to request the correction or rectification of inaccurate information in the resident’s personal information.
Request for Portable Data
Residents of certain U.S. states have the right to receive, in certain circumstances, a portable format of their personal information that allows the data to be transmitted to another entity.
Ad-supported Users Opting Out of Personalized Advertising
Individuals using the ad-supported version of the App may have their information shared for purposes of targeted or personalized advertising. Our disclosure of personal information to facilitate the targeted or personalized advertising for ad-supported users may be considered “sharing” personal information under applicable laws.
If you are using an ad-supported version of the App and want to opt out of this targeted or personalized advertising, you can opt out within the App’s settings. Please click the “Your Privacy Choices” footer link on this website to learn more.
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
Residents of certain U.S. states have the right to opt out of the sale or sharing of the consumer’s personal information for targeted or personalized advertising. We do not sell your personal information. However, as mentioned immediately above, our information practices for ad-supported users who have opted in to targeted or personalized advertising may constitute “sharing” personal information.
If you are using an ad-supported version of the App and would like to opt out of targeted or personalized advertising, you may do so by navigating to the settings in the App and indicating your desire to opt out. Please click the “Your Privacy Choices” footer link on this website to learn more.
Limiting the Use of Sensitive Personal Information
Residents of certain U.S. states have the right to direct us to use or disclose sensitive personal information only for providing goods or services, or as otherwise minimally permitted under applicable law. However, we do not use or disclose sensitive personal information for any purpose other than providing our goods and Services to you, or as otherwise minimally permitted under applicable law.
Third Party Marketing
If you are one of our customers, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits you to request information regarding the disclosure of your personal information to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. However, we do not disclose your personal information to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes.
Automated Processing & Profiling
Residents of certain U.S. states have the right to opt out of the processing of personal information for purposes of profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning a consumer.
Right to Equal Service & Price
You have the right to receive equal service and price, even if you exercise a privacy right.
Verification Process for Exercising Rights
To protect our consumers’ privacy, we verify privacy rights requests to ensure that only you (or your authorized agent) can exercise rights pertaining to your personal information. As part of our verification process, we may request you to submit additional information.
If you are an authorized agent wishing to exercise rights on behalf of a state resident, please contact us using the information at the bottom of this Privacy Policy and provide us with a copy of the consumer’s written authorization designating you as their agent. We may need to verify your identity and place of residence before completing your rights request.
Appeal Process
If we do not decide to act in response to your request to exercise a right, we will provide a timely response detailing the reasons for not taking the action and, depending on your jurisdiction, any rights that you may have to appeal our decision.
12. Change of Control
Your information may be transferred to a third party because of a sale, acquisition, merger, reorganization, or other change in control. If we sell, merge, or transfer any part of the business, part of the sale may include your personal information.
13. Policy Updates
This Privacy Policy may be revised from time to time as we add new features and services, as laws change, and as industry privacy and security best practices evolve. We display an effective date on the policy in the upper left corner of this Privacy Policy so that it will be easier for you to know when there has been a change.
14. Contact Information
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
Email:
[email protected]
Tecarta, Inc.
Attn: Legal
2479 E. Bayshore Road Suite 185
Palo Alto, California 94303