Home
>
Privacy Policy
Data privacy information
of Paessler GmbH
This data protection information provides you with details of the purposes for which and the form in which personal data is processed when you visit the website and use the services of Paessler GmbH.
A – General information on the processing of your data
B – Data processing during website visit
C – Data processing by our sales partners
D – Data processing when using the individual web services
E – Data processing for the purchase of software/services
F – Data processing when using software/services
G – California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) – For California consumers only
A – General information on the processing of your data
1. Responsible body, contact and contact to the data protection officer
Responsible for the data processing described herein is Paessler GmbH,
Postal address: Thurn-und-Taxis-Str. 14, 90411 Nuremberg, Germany,
e-mail:
info@paessler.com
,
Phone: +49 911 93775-0
You can contact the company data protection officer by e-mail at privacy@paessler.com or by letter to the above address with the addition "to the data protection officer".
2. Your rights
You have the right to
Information about the data stored about you
Correction or deletion
Restriction of processing
Objection to processing
Data portability
insofar as the legal requirements for this are met.
In order to process your request quickly and efficiently, we recommend that you send your request directly to
privacy@paessler.com
in order to exercise your rights.
You also have the right to complain to any data protection supervisory authority about the data processing of Paessler GmbH. The Bavarian State Office for Data Protection Supervision (Bayerisches Landesamt für Datenschutzaufsicht) is responsible for Paessler GmbH. You are welcome to contact our data protection officer in advance about your concerns (anonymously if you wish) so that we can rectify any problems.
3. Right of withdrawal for consents
If the data processing is based on consent, this consent can be revoked at any time with effect for the future.
If the data processing is based on an overriding legitimate interest, it may be objected to for specific personal reasons; it will then only be continued if there are compelling legitimate grounds for it.
In order to process your request quickly and efficiently, we recommend that you send your request directly to
privacy@paessler.com
in order to exercise your rights.
B – Data processing during website visit
1. For the technical provision of the page
Every time a user accesses a page of this website and every time a file is retrieved, data is processed to establish the connection and to display the website correctly; this includes the name of the file retrieved, the date and time of the retrieval, the amount of data transferred, a message stating whether the retrieval was successful, a description of the type of web browser used (if transmitted by your browser), and the IP address of the retrieving computer. The processing of this data is necessary to establish the connection and display the data and is based on Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR.
Various cookies are also set for this purpose; these are required to display the website. The required cookies are named in the consent management (Consent Management Tool) under "functionally essential cookies".
2. Consent management (Consent Management Tool)
When the web pages are called up, a window is displayed by including a corresponding JavaScript code, via which consent for cookies and applications requiring consent, external services (incl. statistical analysis/measurement, personalised advertising and the integration of social media) etc. can be given. The purpose of data processing is to obtain, document and manage the necessary consents, in particular for setting cookies, and thus to comply with legal obligations. Consent can be revoked via the corresponding settings in the tool.
Consents to cookies can be given or withdrawn for several processing operations combined for common purposes for the following categories: Usage analysis/performance measurement, marketing/targeting, use of individual services.
3. For pseudonymised usage analysis
This website uses various third-party services to generate pseudonymised or anonymous information about the way the page is used and to better tailor the content offered to users. For this purpose, pseudonymised data on the page use such as time, duration and manner of page access as well as information on the browser used, regional origin and technology used are transmitted to the respective provider. The individual processing operations are described in more detail in the Consent Management Tool and are carried out on the basis of the consent given there in the tool for processing operations and cookies in the category "usage analysis/performance measurements".
Google Analytics:
Web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). In the process, information about your use of this website is transmitted to a Google server in the USA, stored there and generated into anonymised reports about the use of the website and activities within the online offering. We would like to point out that on this website Google Analytics has been extended by the code "get._anonymizeIP();" to ensure anonymised collection of IP addresses.
Google Signals:
Google Signals enables us to receive additional reports about our users who have configured their advertising settings in their Google account so that Google can display advertising to them across all their devices. This feature helps us to understand how users interact with our website. If you give your consent in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 a GDPR, we will receive information about your use of our website on various devices. This enables us to adapt our online offers to better meet your needs.
If you have activated Google Signals and you visit our website, Google Analytics may collect data in aggregated form, such as visits, page views, the duration of your website visit, location data and the type of device you are using. This data is used together with a pseudonymized user ID to create cross-device user statistics.
All data collected by Google Signals is subject to Google's Privacy Policy and is processed anonymously and aggregated to avoid identifying users personally. You can change your advertising settings in Google at any time or completely disable personalized advertising, which also affects data collection by Google Signals. For more information on how to control the information collected about you, please refer to the privacy settings in your Google account.
For more information about Google's privacy practices, please visit the Google website at
https://policies.google.com/privacy
.
HubSpot:
This website uses HubSpot, a marketing automation platform from HubSpot, Inc. HubSpot uses cookies that track a user's interaction with Paessler websites. HubSpot also tracks browser-provided information such as inferred regions, IP addresses, and repeat visits. Users remain anonymous unless a user has provided personal information by submitting a form or using the website chat. HubSpot may be connected to and receive data from other services. See also section C.3. Please click here to set an opt-out cookie:
set opt-out cookie
Usabilla:
We use Usabilla to get feedback on our website. Usabilla will display surveys to randomly selected visitors on some pages. These surveys are anonymous and do not contain any personal data of the participants. Please also see the explanations about
Privacy
and
GDPR
of Usabilla.
Convert A/B Testing Tool
: Each user is shown a different version of a website (the assignment is random). After a certain test period, the user's behavior is examined for a specific target value.
We use the Convert A/B Split Testing Tool on our website for the purpose of improving user experience and generating a pseudonymized analysis based on user behavior.
Processing is based on consent in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 a GDPR.
What data is collected?
When you visit the website, you are identified by a cookie in your browser. This allows us to display the same website during your visit.
Convert can save your data that is generated when you visit the website, such as page views, button and link clicks. However, these target values are only activated for the test period and are implemented specifically according to the use case. No additional data is collected from other tools in Convert, but we can export experiment and variant IDs to our systems. For more information about how Convert processes data, please visit https://www.convert.com/gdpr/. The Convert privacy policy can be found at
https://www.convert.com/privacy-policy/
. Convert Insights, Inc., 2093 PHILADELPHIA PIKE #9985, CLAYMONT, DE 19703, USA.
4. For pseudonymised advertising and advertising performance measurement ("targeting cookies" category)
With your consent, which you give (or revoke if necessary) in the pop-up window "Centre for data protection settings" in the category "Targeting cookies", pseudonymised data is processed for the placement of interest-based advertising on part of Paessler and for the measurement of advertisements. The individual processing operations are described in more detail in the Consent Management Tool and are carried out on the basis of the consent given there in the tool for processing operations and cookies in the "marketing/targeting" category.
5. Generation of anonymous user characteristics
When the page is accessed, an anonymous user ID is generated based on the information transmitted about the clients/devices used, the time the page was accessed and the IP address, which can be used to combine the activities and page views into an anonymous user profile. This anonymous user identifier is generated from this data solely for the purpose of creating an anonymous user profile and is based on Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR.
6. Fraud detection
We use a service provider (ClickPatrol.com, Goeman Borgesiuslaan 77, 3515 ET Utrecht, NL) to check for cases of “click fraud.”
When you visit our website by clicking on a search engine ad, we deploy ClickPatrol services that identify and prevent click fraud. ClickPatrol checks the IP addresses that are processed, as well as device data. This data may be transmitted to the USA for processing. The data is immediately encrypted upon collection by ClickPatrol. Paessler GmbH only receives encrypted data from ClickPatrol.
The processing of this data is based on Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f  GDPR. In particular, we have a legitimate interest in preventing click fraud and the potential financial losses caused by click fraud.
C – Data processing by our sales partners
When you purchase our software via a sales partner, certain types of personal data, such as your name, address or email address will be transmitted to us by this sales partner. We require this data in order to transfer the license key for the use of our software to you, and to ensure that you have smooth access to the software and that it runs smoothly.
The legal basis for this processing is based on Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
Personal data may also be transmitted to us by third parties in the context of cooperation or advertising measures. We collect this data in order to improve your experience and the processes with our company.
The legal basis for this processing is based on Art. 6 para. 1 a, b or f GDPR, depending on the type of processing.
D – Data processing when using the individual web services
1. When registering for the newsletter (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. A GDPR)
When you register for the newsletter, we collect and store the e-mail address and name you provide in order to send you information about our products and to send you innovations and offers. Your e-mail address will not be used for other purposes or passed on to third parties.
You can revoke your consent to the use of your e-mail address for the sending of our newsletter at any time with future effect by clicking on the "Unsubscribe" link at the end of the newsletter.
2. In the event of the purchase and installation of trial and freeware (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b and f GDPR)
For the use of trial and freeware and their operation, we collect and store your e-mail address. Paessler uses this data to send you your licence key, to guide you through the installation and to clarify typical installation questions as well as the status of the installation, to determine your need for support during the installation and operation of the software and to clarify further use after the end of the trial phase, whereby contact may also be made by telephone (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR). In order to ensure optimal support, contact may also be made by partners or service providers commissioned by us (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR). Telephone numbers are only collected from publicly accessible sources.
3. When using the contact forms or a website chat (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR)
When using the contact forms ("Need help? Contact us", " Customer service request " and others), the content you enter in the contact form is processed and stored. Depending on the respective contact form, the content may include the following data: Company, name, e-mail address, telephone number, preferred supplier, invoice number, credit card details, PRTG account e-mail. The content is only processed and stored when you submit a form. The processing is done to handle your request.
The data is processed by Paessler GmbH with the support of other service providers and remains stored by us for 12 months. After this period, your data will be deleted unless you continue to be in contact with Paessler GmbH in the meantime (e.g., downloading content, sending us an e-mail).
Cookies from the service provider Wufoo are generated and stored for the use of the form. Details of this are described in the Consent Tool in the category "Cookies when using individual services".
Google Lead Form Extensions in Search Ads and Display Ads:
The data (your e-mail address and other data requested in the form) that you provide to us by filling in and submitting the form in the ad played by Google Ads on the Google search page or on a page belonging to the Google Display Network, will be recorded and processed in our Google Ads account, whereby Google and Google employees do not have access to your data. Your data will be stored by us for 12 months. After this period, your data will be deleted, unless you have been in contact with Paessler GmbH in the meantime by visiting a Paessler GmbH website, downloading content, sending an e-mail to us or similar.
4. When registering for online training (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR)
When you register for our online training, your e-mail address, surname and first name and details of your company are collected and processed for the administrative handling of the training. Content (such as voice, chat or video) is not stored.
Technical platforms from service providers are used to conduct a training and a test; the respective service provider (Classmarker, Readytech) processes connection data such as IP address and time and duration of the connection for this purpose. This data is necessary for the execution of a training or test.  The data is transmitted to the respective service provider, which provides the technical infrastructure. Further information on the data protection provisions of the respective service providers can be found here:
https://www.classmarker.com/online-testing/privacy/
https://www.readytech.com/policies/privacy-policy/
We use the services of PayPal to process the course fee.
5. When registering with our Knowledge Base (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR)
When you register with our Knowledge Base, your e-mail address and other data you provide will be collected. Registration is possible independently of other services. Registration is only necessary if you want to ask questions. You can also send the question to our support instead.
E – Data processing for the purchase of software/services
1. For registration/account use (Art. 6 par. 1 lit. b GDPR)
During the purchase of a service, an account ("registration") is set up by means of an e-mail address, phone number (optional
),
and a password. The data is used to guarantee you access to your orders and contracts and to process the software purchase.
When registering and each time a registered user logs in again, session cookies are stored on your computer to make visiting our website attractive and to enable the use of certain functions. These do not contain any personal data, but only your session ID, which is assigned to you during your visit. This session ID is used to reference internally stored data, such as information about the contents of your shopping basket. When you call up our pages at a later date, you can continue shopping in this way. The cookies generated have an expiry time of 90 days.
2. For the processing of the order (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR)
During the ordering process, we collect and store information about your identity and your contact details (in particular first and last name, address, telephone number and e-mail address), as well as details about the purchase, and the payment including bank or credit card details.
These are used to process the order including payments and to provide the software and purchased services. This includes the provision of updates to enable you to download the latest version of the software free of charge at any time, as well as the provision of upgrade offers and other services from Paessler GmbH.
Your e-mail address is also required to check your licence and send you registration keys or download links, as well as to inform you about the status of maintenance contracts.
During the ordering process, we use the common TLS (Transport Layer Security) procedure in conjunction with the highest encryption level supported by your browser. As a rule, this is a 256-bit encryption. If your browser does not support 256-bit encryption, we use 128-bit instead. You can recognize whether an individual page of our website is transmitted in encrypted form by the closed display of the key or lock symbol in the lower status bar of your browser.
SaleCycle:
Our shop uses SaleCycle to send you a shopping cart reminder e-mail if you do not complete the checkout process and have already provided an e-mail address. (
http://www.salecycle.com/privacy-policy/
)
SendGrid:
In order to send invoice and licence e-mails reliably, we use the service of SendGrid.
(https://sendgrid.com/policies/privacy/)
.
3. For the execution of payments (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR)
Your address as well as your payment information will be transmitted to executing payment and billing service providers:
For Paessler PRTG Hosted Monitor, credit card information is handled by Stripe Inc. Headquarters, 185 Berry Street, Suite 550, San Francisco, CA 94107, USA. For more information on Stripe's privacy policy, please click here:
https://stripe.com/us/privacy
. Billing is done through Chargebee Inc., 340 S Lemon Ave #1537, Walnut, CA, 91789, USA. For more information on Chargebee's privacy policy, please click here:
https://www.chargebee.com/privacy.html
In the case of Paessler PRTG Network Monitor (on premises), the credit card information is processed via the providers Computop Wirtschaftsinformatik GmbH, Schwarzenbergstr. 4, 96050 Bamberg, Germany (payment service provider) as well as Concardis GmbH, Helfmann-Park 7, 65760 Eschborn, Germany (acquirer) and American Express Payment Services Ltd, Frankfurt am Main branch, Theodor-Heuss-Allee 112, 60486 Frankfurt am Main, Germany.
4. For credit assessment and in the event of payment default (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b and f GDPR)
In case of payment by "invoice", a creditworthiness check is carried out to decide whether to grant this method of payment on the basis of overriding legitimate protection interests in the event of advance performance. For this purpose, information about your creditworthiness will be obtained from credit agencies and used for evaluation. If you do not wish this, please select another payment method.
If you are in default of payment, we may transfer your personal data to a debt collection company commissioned by us or to a law firm commissioned by us in order to ensure the enforcement of our claims. Paessler GmbH has a legitimate interest pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR to transfer data to a debt collection company in the event of late payment.
5. Interest in or purchase of Qbilon Cloud/Qbilon Ultimate (Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. b GDPR)
In order to carry out and bill the software purchase, information about your role as the contact person for the purchasing company, your contact details (in particular first and last name, address, telephone number and email address) and information about communications conducted is collected and processed
.
If you provide personal payment data for the purchase of the software, including bank or credit card details, this will also be processed to complete the purchase.
In order to prepare and create a corresponding offer and to provide the software license, your personal information, including contact details, will be transmitted to qbilon GmbH, Hermanstrasse 5, 86150 Augsburg, Germany.
In the case of a purchase, the data will be transmitted to the respective payment service provider for processing the payment.
The data will be stored until all claims have been settled or have expired.
F – Data processing when using software/services
1. For updating software and generating usage statistics
Paessler GmbH software products can connect to Paessler GmbH servers at regular intervals to check whether newer software versions or important security updates are available. In the course of this, statistical information about the installation (e.g., number of sensors) is transmitted. We store and analyse this statistical data in order to make well-founded optimisations to products and processes and make product recommendations.
We also use Google Analytics to collect statistical data about the use of PRTG's graphical interface in order to improve the user experience. This information is transferred to a Google server in the USA, stored there and used to generate anonymised reports. This information is used in pseudonymised form. You can stop or reactivate participation in this data collection at any time by disabling or enabling this feature in the PRTG settings of your installation. For Paessler PRTG Hosted Monitor, you can use the opt-out procedures listed in section B.2.
We also generate statistics on the actual use of our software products and apps for mobile devices. This provides us with important information for the continuous development of our products.
2. For PRTG additional services
Paessler may provide additional services through third parties. As soon as these functions are used in a PRTG interface (including our applications) or via the API, the PRTG Core Server connects to Paessler's external infrastructure without further query.
In case of push notifications, Paessler stores necessary data (e.g., a unique recipient ID and details of an alarm) and passes this on to other service providers (e.g., Google, Apple or Microsoft) for transmission to end devices.
When monitoring targets via the PRTG Added Services (e.g., Ping, HTTP), Paessler stores the monitored host and Internet addresses (URLs).
3. For contacting Paessler
In the event of contacting technical support or customer service via our contact forms or by e-mail, PRTG stores the transmitted data and the "Support Bundle".
4. When participating in webinars and online product demonstrations (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR)
Participation in webinars or product demonstrations takes place via the "Zoom" service of the provider Zoom Inc., 55 Almaden Boulevard, Suite 400, 500, 600, San Jose, CA 95113, USA. When used, the provider processes data (on usage) of the participants on its own responsibility; this includes information on usage time and duration, IP address and device details. The processing of the data is necessary for the use of the service. Please refer to Zoom's
Privacy
and
GDPR
statements.
5. Remote sessions within the scope of support services (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR)
During the remote session Paessler will display the corresponding screen content of the customer, which is necessary to perform the operation. After the remote session, access by Paessler is no longer possible. If personal data is disclosed during the remote session, this data will not be stored by Paessler at any time. For remote sessions, one of the following tools is used. Usage data (such as usage time and duration, IP address and device details) that accrue during the remote session are processed by the provider on its own responsibility:
"TeamViewer" of TeamViewer Germany GmbH, Bahnhofsplatz 2, 73033 Göppingen, Germany. Information on data protection can be found here
TeamViewer Privacy Notice.
"Zoom" of the provider Zoom Inc, 55 Almaden Boulevard, Suite 400, 500, 600, San Jose, CA 95113, USA. Please refer to Zoom's
Privacy
and
GDPR
statements.
"Microsoft Teams" by Microsoft Corporation, One Microsoft Way, Redmond, WA 98052-6399, USA. For privacy information, please go to
Microsoft Privacy Statement
.
6. For advertising purposes (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR)
If you are a customer, Paessler uses your data and your e-mail address to send you offers for further services and products. To ensure optimal customer service, contact may also be made by partners or service providers commissioned by us. If you do not wish to be contacted, you can object to the data processing at any time. To do so, send an objection to:
service@paessler.com
We use TrustPilot as our customer rating service. We add personalised URLs to some e-mails and web pages. Only when such a link is clicked, your name and e-mail address are transmitted to TrustPilot. TrustPilot only stores your data if you decide to create an account. (
http://legal.trustpilot.com/end-user-privacy-terms
)
G – California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) – For California consumers only
Part 1
The categories of personal, household and device data sold, forwarded or collected, their sources and the business purposes are described in sections B-F of this Privacy Policy.
Paessler GmbH never shares data with third parties without a legal basis for doing so.
The use of Paessler GmbH products is intended exclusively for companies. Paessler GmbH has no knowledge of the personal data of data subjects under the age of 16 being sold or passed on.
Paessler GmbH does not and will not make your personal data available in direct exchange for payment. Paessler GmbH does not sell personal data in the literal sense. However, under the CCPA, we are required to disclose what personal information is sold, and under the “broad” definition of “sell,” certain advertising and analytics activities may constitute a sale of information under the CCPA. Paessler GmbH also “shares” personal information, which the CCPA defines as providing information for the purposes of “cross-context behavioral advertising.” Which data has been disclosed to third parties in the last 12 months can be found in sections B-F. This list is constantly updated. The data is broken down into categories and business purposes.
Part 2
We are a company based in the European Union, which is why we must comply with the requirements of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). We always endeavor to comply with the provisions of the GDPR and the CCPA/CPRA. All data subjects can find their rights below.
Right of access
Right to access
Right to erasure
Right to data portability
Right to equal treatment
Right to opt-out
Right to complain and to lodge a complaint
Right to restrict the use and disclosure of sensitive personal data
Right to opt out of automated decision-making technologies
Right to correction of incorrect personal data
Paessler GmbH does not discriminate against or favor data subjects in the assertion of their rights to object to or to consent to the processing and collection of personal, household and device data.
Part 3
Data subjects can exercise these rights by using the contact form on the website or by sending us an email.
Contact options:
Customer Support:
https://www.paessler.com/contact
Data protection:
privacy@paessler.com
When contacting our customer support, the process is triggered as part of the rights of data subjects (Part 2).
By clicking “Accept Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Reject Cookies
Accept Cookies
Cookies Settings
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Cookies Details‎
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Cookies Details‎
Enhanced ‎Function Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookies Details‎
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label