Privacy Policy
Navigation
Data controller
Purpose and legitimacy of the data processing
Storage period
Recipients of the data
Rights of the data subject
Data collected by MessageNet
Credit cards details
Recipients of the disclosure
CUSTOMER PRIVACY POLICY
The scope of this Privacy Policy is the processing of personal data
concerning customers, or individuals, or relevant contacts as indicated
by the customers (collectively “data subjects”) carried out by
MessageNet in the context of providing Services via its websites
www.messagenet.com
,
www.lyber.it
,
www.tagliacanone.it
and its apps mTalk
and Lyber.
Data controller
The Data controller is MessageNet – via Lanzone 4 Milano,
support@messagenet.it
.
The Data Protection Officer appointed by MessageNet can be contacted by
email at
RPD@messagenet.it
.
Purposes and Lawfulness of processing
For the duration of the commercial relationship with its customers and
to the extent of entering and performing a contract for providing its
services MessageNet collects their
personal
data
.
Purposes and legal basis for processing
The following table presents each purpose and the legal basis for
processing:
Purpose of the processing
Legal basis for processing
identification of the user and compliance with the legal obligation to which communication service providers are subject
processing is required to comply with a legal obligation
providing and supplying telecommunication services
processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which the data subject is party
updating options and features of the services and providing technical support
processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which the data subject is party
invoicing
processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which the data subject is party and is required to comply with a legal obligation
collecting or assigning money owed to MessageNet
processing is necessary for the legitimate interest of the controller in pursuing credit protection
fraud prevention, including on-line and cyber fraud
the processing is necessary for the legitimate interest of the controller in protecting the services provided from fraudulent activities even if carried out by third parties
compliance with the legal obligation to which communication service providers are subject
the processing is required to comply with a legal obligation
Customer satisfaction survey and commercial communications carried out by phone (with operator), SMS (text message) and push notifications
the Customer gives the consent to the processing, but their consent can be withdrawn at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal
the withdrawal of consent can be exercised by accessing the page
Communication preferences
using your on-line login credentials
sending commercial communications by email
commercial communications sent by email promoting products and services similar to the ones purchased, unless the data subject has opted out.
the objection to the processing can be exercised by accessing the page
Communication preferences
using your on-line login credentials
sending Customer data to advertising networks (e.g. Facebook or Google) to create a personalised audience to show this audience advertising communications about products and services offered by MessageNet
the Customer gives the consent to the processing, but their consent can be withdrawn at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal
the withdrawal of consent can be exercised by accessing the page
Communication preferences
using your on-line login credentials
The collection of the data is necessary for the provision of services by
MessageNet; in their absence, MessageNet is unable to perform the
contract with the customer. All this, without prejudice to the
processing of the data based on consent, as the consent is given freely
with no consequences.
If a Lyber user expresses the intention to extend the service to other
users, the original Lyber user will have to provide their phone number
and email address. The Lyber user will have to communicate the data
related to these additional users to MessageNet in compliance with the
personal data protection regulations, providing notice and obtaining
their consent for the data transfer. As soon as MessageNet will receive
the data, it will contact the additional users informing them that the
service is active, by text message and by email. The message will
include the name and the phone number of the person who provided the
data.
Storage period
The data, including telephone and electronic records, will be stored for
the period prescribed by law.
The face photo (selfie) that is acquired during the sign-up phase is
only stored during the registration process, after which it is deleted.
The data processed for the protection of the services and debt
collection will be stored for the duration of the contract and, in any
case, for the execution of the contract.
The personal data that the data subject has consented to be used for
marketing purposes will be stored until the data subject withdraws their
consent, and in any case, they will be erased two years after the
termination of the contract.
The data used for the promotional emails concerning products and
services similar to those purchased by the customer will be stored for
two years after the termination of the contract, notwithstanding the
right to object to the processing.
Recipients of the data
Disclosure of the data to third parties
Data are disclosed to:
third parties (e.g. other operators, carriers) if the disclosure
is necessary to provide the services covered by this contract;
public sector and private agencies if the disclosure is required
to comply with a legal obligation;
MEF-Italian Ministry of Economy and Finance’s system for the prevention of identity theft (SCIPAFI) to which Messagenet is required to adhere;
third parties to whom MessageNet has assigned its receivables;
third parties entrusted by MessageNet to carry out specific
activities. In these events,
the recipients of the
disclosure
are appointed by the Controller.
The personal data provided upon registration of Alias ​​can be published
as required by the current Regulation.
Publication of the data in the phone directory
The data subject can request the publication of their personal data in
the phone directory under the laws and regulations on the matter. For
this purpose, the data subjects can download and fill the form
Request
form
and send it by fax to 0293664483 or by email to
elenchi_dbu@messagenet.it
.
Rights of the data subject
The data subject has the right to ask the controller to access their
personal data and to rectify or erase such data, as well as to restrict
the processing. The data subject has also the right to object to the
processing of their personal data and their portability.
The data subject has the right to make a complaint to the supervisory
authority for data protection (Garante per la protezione dei dati
personali).
How to exercise the right of access, rectification and erasure of the data
The data subject can modify and update their personal data by logging in
with their on-line credentials to their dashboard, accessible by the URL
www.messagenet.com
.
How to exercise the right of restriction and objection to the processing
The data subject can exercise these rights by writing an email to the
Data Protection Officer at
RPD@messagenet.it
.
Right of withdrawal of consent
The data subject can exercise their right of withdrawal of consent or
express their objection to receiving advertising communications by
logging in with their on-line credentials on the page
Communication
preferences
.
Right to make a complaint to the supervisory authority
The data subject can make a complaint to the supervisory authority for
data protection,
Garante per la protezione dei dati
personali
at
any time.
Data collected by MessageNet
Data processed by MessageNet as Data controller
personal data
copy of the ID document and face photo (selfie)
invoices
copies of the donating bills in the event of NP requests
email addresses
landline and mobile phone numbers
data related to phone and internet records
user’s contact list: if the user uses the contact list tab inside the mtalk app (not if automated or in background mode), MessageNet gains access to the contact list data to recognise numbers that possibly belong to the MessageNet network. Data are not recorded in any way.
data provided in the case of Alias ​​registration as required by the current Regulation
device ID
data collected to provide customer support service through the app:
mobile number and/or email address that the user provided to access or sign-up for MessageNet services
MessageNet account ID and related details: personal details, consent, mobile numbers and validated email addresses
phone number of the contact called or who is calling (if the phone call is performed through the app)
technical information about the device and its current status: maker, model, OS version, hardware characteristics, connectivity status, system preferences
diagnostic of the current configuration of the app
Data processed by MessageNet as Data processor
voice mail and welcome messages (after being appointed data processor)
content of the fax and SMS, text messages, (after being appointed data processor)
Credit cards details
Credit cards details are processed and stored by Axerve S.p.A. -
Gruppo Banca Sella, head office located in Biella, Piazza Gaudenzio
Sella 1, the company in charge of managing credit card transactions.
Axerve S.p.A. is the company processing and storing your data if you
requested to make a periodic automatic charge on your credit card, or if
the data are stored in a way that does not require you to provide your
credit card details each time you make a new purchase. The payment
details are processed by Axerve for fraud prevention purposes, under
EU Directive 2015/2366 and subsequent amendments, on the matter of
payment services in the internal European market (also known as PSD2).
Axerve S.p.A. operates as a data controller by providing a privacy
policy to the data subject and obtaining, if required, their consent to
the processing. MessageNet stores only the first and the last digits of
the user’s credit card to allow the user to easily identify it in the
future.
Recipients of the disclosure
Personal data
Recipients
personal data
the external data processor for disclosures (only after consent)
copy of the ID document and face photo (selfie)
the external data processor for the encrypted copy
invoices
the external data processor for substitute archiving and accounting
email addresses
the external data processor for fraud prevention purposes;
the external data processor for disclosures (only after the consent from the data subject)
landline and mobile phone numbers
the external data processor for disclosures (only after the consent from the data subject)
data collected to provide customer support service through the app:
mobile number and/or email address that the user provided to access or sign-up for MessageNet services
MessageNet account ID and related details: personal details, consent, mobile numbers and validated email addresses
phone number of the contact called or who is calling (if the phone call is performed through the app)
technical information about the device and its current status: maker, model, OS version, hardware characteristics, connectivity status, system preferences
diagnostic of the current configuration of the app
the external data processor for the ticket management
voice mail and welcome messages
the external data processor