Language
:
English
Create a profile
Sign in
Privacy Policy
About this Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy is a document describing the rules of processing of users of our sites and applications data. Data confidentiality is very important for us. As we are responsible for your data, we have developed this document to protect your data while our sites and application process it. You should read this privacy policy because it will tell you what data we collect and how we collect it, how we use it, who we share it with, how you can access and update such information, how we protect the information.
Who we are
Sites and applications of Mamba Global Dating System are operated by Mamba Joint Stock Company. In some countries Sites and applications are also operated by Media Solutions LLC, a company registered in the Republic of Armenia.
The full legal bit
We know that other people’s use of your personal data is a big concern for social network users, so we have developed this privacy policy (the
“Policy”
) to let you know how we use personal data.
Our Policy applies to your use of any of mobile applications and/or websites of Mamba Global Dating Service (“Mamba” or the
“Site”
which includes the mobile apps (the “App”)). We suggest you read it in conjunction with our License Agreement (the
“Terms”
). When you access or use the site or the App, you agree to our Privacy Policy and you consent to our collection, storage, use and disclosure of your personal data as we’ve set out in this Policy. You can withdraw your consent at any time. Depending on your jurisdiction you can do it either by using special option in your profile or by addressing to our support team from your profile. But please note that in this case we will have to delete your profile and you will not be able to use it.
Mamba reserves the right to change our Policy at any time and without notice, so be sure to check this Policy regularly to understand how we use your personal data.
IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT AND AGREE WITH OUR PRIVACY POLICY THEN YOU MUST NOT ACCESS OR USE THE SITE.
1. App users and visitors to our Site
What information does Mamba collect if I decide to register with the Site or the App or use some of the features?
To register with the Site or the App you will have to complete our online registration form and create your user profile (the “Profile”). We will ask you to provide us with information about you such as your name, your email address, your gender, your date of birth, your location details. You also have the opportunity to provide other details about yourself, but these are optional. Because you control your user profile, these details are available to you at any time by accessing your “Profile” page, which gives you the chance to correct or update (other than gender and age) your information at any time by just logging in to the Site or the App.
Once you have created a Profile, we will automatically track certain information such as your IP address.
For safety and security and to ensure you have the best possible user experience, we require users to verify their accounts and might ask for your phone number, your Facebook identification data or a photo, made in accordance with our instructions. We want to make sure you are not a robot and you don’t pretend you are someone else! And we also want to avoid fake Mamba accounts being created which can be used for malicious activities and cyber crime – they threaten the Mamba network and spoil things for everyone. We use a third party provider for account verification. We may also use your mobile phone operator data for marketing purposes.
In the process of verification the telephone number provided by you can be transferred without other information that allows you to identify (without transmitting personal data) to PJSC MegaFon (127006, Moscow, Oruzheyniy Pereulok, house 41). By submitting your telephone number via the Website or the Application in the registration or verification process, as well as by using the Website or the Application after the date of publishing of this Privacy Policy as amended on March 15, 2021, you express our consent to such data transfer, and also give your Consent to PJSC MegaFon (127006, Moscow, Oruzheyniy Pereulok, House 41) to process information about yourself as a subscriber, including, but not limited to: subscriber numbers, information about the subscriber device, other data that allows to identify the subscriber device, other information on the services provided under the contract for the provision of communication services, with the exception of the information constituting secret of communication; to transfer them and the result of the processing of the indicated information to the Joint-stock company "Mamba".
What information does Mamba collect about me if I’m under 18?
You can only register with Mamba or use its features if you’re aged 18 or over. That means Mamba does not knowingly collect any information about children, minors or anyone under the age of majority. Nor do we knowingly market to children, minors or anyone under the age of 18. If you are less than 18 years old, we request that you do not submit information to us. If we become aware that a child, minor or anyone under the age of 18 has registered with us and provided us with personal data, we will take steps to terminate that person’s registration and delete their Profile information from Mamba. If we do delete a Profile because you violated our no children rules, we may retain your email and IP address to ensure that you do not try to get around our rules by creating a new Profile.
Does Mamba collect my personal data if I am not a member and just visit the site?
No. We don’t collect any personal data about visitors to our site. If you do visit us without becoming a member, we will place session ID cookies on your computer. For more information about cookies generally, look at the answer to “How does Mamba collect information about me?” below.
What does Mamba collect about me if I use Mamba Global Dating Service?
When you use the Site or the App, we will collect your location information. That information helps us identify your physical location so that it can be displayed and shared with other members choosing to use “near me” option.
We and our advertisers may also collect and use such data as your gender, geolocation, IP-address, and your user and advertiser identifiers, or your device identifier to show you targeted advertising.
We also collect the data that you add to the Site or the App yourself, such as your photos and comments to them, your description in “About me” section of your Profile, video streams, comments to other users’ photos and other information you add or upload.
Beside that we keep information of your Profile preferences, such as interface language, notifications settings, photos visibility settings, to make your use of the Site convenient.
We also store your contact list, your chat history, your Favourites and Ignored users, photos you liked and disliked, sent and received messages and other information about your actions with our Site and App. We use this data to make your communication through the Site and the App more convenient.
If you choose to use the option “Find me in “Who do I know here/ Find friends” service (via e-mail)” and give us access to your e-mail we may get the e-mail addresses from your address book. This data will be used to help you to find people you know among our users (or for them to find you), or to invite your friends to join you in the App or on the Site.
When you use Mamba, we collect certain technical information about your computer or mobile device as well as statistic data about your use of our services. We use this information to improve our Site, App and our services, so that you can increase your fun.
What’s collected from me if I use Mamba’s premium services?
When you take advantage of Mamba’s premium features, we collect financial information necessary to process your payments as per your chosen payment method, such as the fact of payment, the service ordered by you, payment method and time of payment. Please note that we do not store any credit card or other payment card details. However, our payment service providers do (and are approved to do so by all applicable regulatory bodies).
Can Mamba collect information about me from other sites I use, such as Facebook?
If you have registered with Mamba using your profile on one of our partner websites, such as Facebook, VK, OK, Google+, Mail.ru or Yandex or verified your profile on those websites after registration we may receive some of your data from those sites. This data is used for convenient registration with Mamba and logging in to your Profile and to target advertising we show you. We may also keep the information about connections of your Mamba Profile with your profiles from other sites.
Does Mamba collect any other personal data about me?
If you contact our Support team via Support page, we will receive the information you send, and we will keep the history of your query. We will keep records of our communications with you, including any complaints that we receive from you about other users (and from other users about you).
If I put other information about me on the site, what does Mamba do with it?
Mamba is designed to make it easy for you to find, connect and interact with other members of Mamba by posting information about yourself. When using the Site or the App you should assume that anything you post or submit will be publicly viewable and accessible, both by Users of the Site and App and non-Users. You can also use our electronic messaging system, which allows you to communicate with other users. We recommend and encourage you (and all our members) to think carefully about the information they disclose about themselves. We also do not recommend that you put email addresses, URLs, instant messaging details, phone numbers, full names or addresses, credit card details, national identity numbers, drivers’ license details and other sensitive information in your Profile which is open to abuse and misuse.
Please be careful about posting sensitive details about yourself on your Profile such as your religious denomination and health details. While you may voluntarily provide this information to us when you create your Profile, including your sexual preferences and ethnic background, there is no requirement to do so. If you choose to add or upload such information you understand that by this act you manifestly make this data public and we may process it in accordance with this Policy. Please remember that photographs or any video clips that you post on Mamba may reveal these kinds of sensitive personal data. Where you do upload and choose to tell us sensitive data about yourself, you are explicitly consenting to our processing your information and making this public to other users.
When you post information about yourself or use the messaging, the amount of personal data you share is at your own risk. If you post anything that is inconsistent with our Terms, we reserve the right to terminate your account.
Will Mamba contact me?
On your “Settings” page Mamba offers you the opportunity to receive emails from us about new message notifications or other purposes related to the use of the Site or App.
Does Mamba use my personal data for any other purpose?
We may use material that you post on the open access areas of the Site or the App in advertising and promotional materials on our partner sites and partner products. These materials may also be used in informative and educational materials designed to show users of the Sites and Apps how to properly use various functions of the Sites and Apps. We believe these uses allow us to improve our site and better tailor your online experience to meet your needs.
We use your personal data to resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems and enforce our Terms.
We also use received data to get statistic information about usage of our Site and App and to make marketing research. For these purposes we may transfer some data to the third parties that are engaged in analytics of websites and mobile applications. Those third parties process that data in accordance with their privacy policies. Those third parties are:
AppsFlyer
https://www.appsflyer.com/legal/terms-of-use/
Google
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
Fabric
https://docs.fabric.io/apple/fabric/data-privacy.html
Crashlytics
https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy
Facebook
https://www.facebook.com/full_data_use_policy
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
Flurry
https://developer.yahoo.com/flurry/legal-privacy/terms-service/flurry-analytics-terms-service.html
Flurry Analytics (Yahoo)
https://policies.yahoo.com/us/en/yahoo/privacy/
Branch
https://branch.io/policies/#privacy
VK
https://vk.com/privacy
Yandex
https://yandex.ru/legal/appmetrica_sdk_agreement/
https://yandex.ru/legal/confidential/
myTracker
https://tracker.my.com/legal/privacy-policy
myTarget
https://target.my.com/privacy/
What are "cookies" and what "cookies" does Mamba use?
We collect information by placing cookies on your computer or mobile. A cookie is a piece of text stored on your computer or mobile by your web browser. They are basically a tool that stores information about website visits, recognises you and your preferences each time you visit Mamba, and ensures site functionality and enables us to provide the services our members request.
When you visit the publicly available sections of the Site or the App, a session ID cookie is placed on your computer that only lasts while you’re visiting. We also place persistent cookies on members’ computers, so that our Site and App remember them and makes their login experience faster and easier. We may use persistent tracking cookies on your mobile device, mainly for security protection purposes, such as to prevent phishers, scammers, unauthorised log in attempts, and to help you access your hacked account. We do not use any information whilst you are logged off.
You may set your browser and your mobile settings to block cookies and local storage devices, but if you do so, you may not be able to access the features that Mamba offers.
Mamba uses cookies and local storage devices for a number of reasons, including to ensure the security of our site, to provide you with features you have requested and to analyse how members and visitors use Site and App. Mamba’s use of cookies and local storage devices basically falls into the following categories:
those that are strictly necessary to deliver the services and products you have requested, such as, for example purchasing VIP;
cookies related to the performance of Mamba’s Site and App, such as analytics that help us determine how our site is performing and ensuring a smooth and trouble-free experience for our members and visitors;
cookies related to the functionality of Site and App, such as remembering your preferences at log in or your preferred language or allowing you to chat, add photos and instant message Mamba members; and
third party cookies which link to other social networks and which you request via social plugins;
cookies used to improve and target advertising to you based on what’s relevant to you, to improve reporting on any advertising campaign and to avoid showing you ads you have already seen.
Mamba uses of cookies and local shared devices so that we know who you are, what interests you and so that you can do the things online that you want to do, like chat with new people, share your content knowing that your data will be secure. Below is a table to explain Mamba’s cookie functions and why they’re used.
Cookie Functions
Cookie Purposes
Analytics and research
Mamba uses Google Analytics to collect information about how visitors use the Site and App. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited. For more information about Google’s privacy policy, please visit
http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/
.
Authentication
These cookies help us to identify our members so that when you’re logged in, you can enjoy Mamba’s offerings, experiences and various features, such as uploading photographs, chatting and can localise your experience, such as when you’ve requested to view the Site in your local language or when you’ve asked Mamba to ‘remember me’.
Security and site integrity
We use cookies and other devices, such as CAPTCHAs, to help keep Site and App safe and secure for our members. These cookies do things like protect Mamba users from spam and fraud, by ensuring the safety of your personal data when you shop on Mamba for things like VIP.
We may use persistent cookies, which will help us to ensure we have identified the same device is logging into the correct account. These types of cookies also help with our anti-spam measures and may help us to prevent phishers, scammers, unauthorised log-in attempts to your account and accessing any hacked accounts.
Site features and services
These cookies and local storage devices provide the functionality that our Mamba members enjoy, such as uploading of photographs, chats, instant messaging, your account settings and your request or your search preference. We also use cookies to help provide experiences, such as links to other social media sites, social plugins and video content, including making it easier for you to share content between Mamba with your other favourite social networks.
In some cases, the site features you choose may allow a third party to place cookies or local storage devices on your computer. The third party who places cookies on your device is responsible for how they process their data and we recommend that you read their privacy policies. Third parties who place cookies on your device when you use Mamba include, and we have included a link to their privacy policies:
Google,
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
Yandex
https://yandex.ru/legal/appmetrica_sdk_agreement/
https://yandex.ru/legal/confidential/
myTracker
https://tracker.my.com/legal/privacy-policy
myTarget
http://legal.my.com/us/general/tos/
https://target.my.com/privacy/
Performance
We need to use certain cookies and local storage devices to ensure our members have the best possible experience.
Our use of cookies and local share devices, including the specific cookie names, may change over time, but will generally fall into the above categories. Please visit this page regularly so that you are aware of any changes.
If you would like to know more about cookies, including flash cookies/local storage devices, the following websites provide useful information:
www.youronlinechoices.eu
http://helpx.adobe.com/flash-player/kb/disable-local-shared-objects-flash.html
For a video about cookies visit
www.youtube.com/watch?v=I01XMRo2ESg
2. Friends and other Mamba users
When I put information about myself on Mamba, what do the other users see?
To ensure you get to meet and communicate as many people as possible on Mamba, other members get to see your user name and any information you post on your Profile, including photos if you select the "Any users" access setting. Any information you choose to provide should reflect how much you want other Mamba members to know about you. You can also choose to limit the information that other users see by adjusting your privacy settings in the “Settings” page.
What am I allowed to do with other user’s personal data?
Use it to meet new friends and make new contacts! Beware that you may not use other users' personal data for commercial purposes, to spam, to harass, or to make unlawful threats. Mamba reserves the right to terminate the accounts of those who misuse other users' personal data or who otherwise violate the Terms.
What information does Mamba collect about my friends and contacts?
You can choose to invite your friends to join Mamba to make sure that they also get the benefits of meeting new people. To make it easier to search and find friends and acquaintances on Mamba, users may search for other members by email address. If you want to invite your friends and contacts to Mamba, we will send an email invitation from Mamba in your name to your friends and contacts encouraging them to sign up to Mamba. If any of the individuals you have invited do not register within a few days, Mamba may occasionally send reminder emails on your behalf to those individuals. You can choose to invite all your friends or only a select few, but please remember you must not invite any children to join. You are responsible for ensuring that your friend has agreed to receiving a Mamba invite.
When you import your contacts, we store their name and email address or their mobile number so that we can automatically connect you and your friend. We do not sell these email addresses or mobile numbers or use them to send any other communication besides email invitations. The friend may contact us to request the removal of their information from our database by visiting Feedback page. Any such request will only apply to addresses or mobile numbers we have at the time of the request and not to any addresses that the member/user provides to us later.
3. Third parties
Does Mamba sell my information to other parties?
Not at all. We do not sell or rent out any personal data about you to any third party. Mamba discloses aggregated non-personal data for marketing and promotional purposes. That means we do not disclose any information that could be used to identify you.
Does Mamba disclose my information to other parties?
We may share aggregated information with third parties such as Fabric that includes your personal data (but which doesn’t identify you by name directly) such as your gender, geolocation information, IP address, user identifiers, advertising identifiers, and device identifiers together with other information including log data with third parties for industry analysis and demographic profiling and to deliver or analyse the performance of targeted advertising about other products and services.
In particular, in relation to targeted advertising, we use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies will place cookies and may use information about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please visit
this page
.
When using our App third parties (such as Facebook) may collect information about your device (such as device identifiers) so that they can show you advertisements on our App more relevant to you. Through your device’s security settings, you have the option to prevent or limit device identifiers being shared with third party advertisers and what use is made of the device identifiers.
If you choose to, we may share your personal data with vendors, service providers, and other carefully selected third parties to improve our services to you, such as by facilitating payments. We ensure these parties must adhere to strict data protection and confidentiality provisions that are consistent with this Policy.
In the event that Mamba or any of its affiliates undergoes a business transition or change of ownership, such as a merger, acquisition by another company, re-organisation, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, or in the event of insolvency or administration, we may be required to disclose your personal data.
We also wish to maintain a healthy community, and we will cooperate with all third parties to enforce their intellectual property or other rights. We will also cooperate with law enforcement enquiries from within or outside your country of residence. This may include disclosing your personal data to government or law enforcement agencies, or private parties, when we have a good faith belief that disclosure is required by law or when we, in our discretion, believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our legal rights, or those of third parties and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on us. In such cases, we may raise or waive any legal objection or right available to us.
4. Data storage
Where is my personal data kept?
Mamba is a global website operating through servers located in a number of countries around the world, including the Russian Federation. If you live in a country with data protection laws, the storage of your personal data may not provide you with the same protections as you enjoy in your country of residence. By submitting your personal data, or by choosing to upgrade the services you use, or by making use of Mamba services, you agree to the transfer of your personal data to, and storage and processing of your personal data in, any such countries and destinations.
5. Security
How does Mamba protect my personal data?
Mamba has implemented reasonable and appropriate security measures to protect and prevent the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control, including your personal data. Mamba uses reasonable security measures to safeguard the confidentiality of your personal data such as secured servers using firewalls. Our technical experts at Mamba work hard to ensure your secure use of our site.
While we take reasonable precautions against possible security breaches of our website, member database and records no website or Internet transmission is completely secure and we cannot guarantee that unauthorised access, hacking, data loss, or other breaches will never occur. We urge you to take steps to keep your personal data safe (including your password) and to log out of your account after use.
We cannot guarantee the security of your personal data while it is being transmitted to our site and any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your personal data we have procedures and security features in place to try to prevent unauthorised access.
How do I help keep my information secure?
You may not disclose your password to any third parties or share it with any third parties. If you lose your password or give it out, your personal data may be compromised. If that happens, please report it to Support page. You must change your password immediately via your “Settings” page. Mamba cannot be held responsible for your failure to keep your password secure and failure to do so may violate our Terms.
6. Your rights
How do I change my Profile?
You can review and revise your Profile information at any time. Once you register, you will be able to review and change much of your personal data if you need to.
Please promptly update your information if it changes by signing-in to your account and following the screen prompts. We strongly urge you to periodically change your password to help reduce the risk of unauthorised access to your account information.
Users in certain jurisdictions are, in accordance with applicable law, entitled to exercise a right of access to personal data about themselves by asking for a copy of the information we hold about them. You can get this data on the Settings page of your Profile.
Can I delete my data, deactivate or delete my Profile?
Users of the Mamba network who wish to delete their data from our database need to delete their profile. Users have the following choices to delete their profile from our database:
Send a message via Support;
Sign in with your password and delete your profile. These options are available from your “Settings” page.
If you want to stop using your account, it will be initially deactivated. This means that no user will be able to search for you on the website although they may still see you profile from direct cached links, but it will not be deleted. We save your profile information in case you later decide to restore your account. Many users deactivate their accounts for temporary reasons and in doing so expect us to maintain their personal data until they return to Mamba. You will therefore be able to restore your account and your profile in its entirety within 30 days of de-activating it.
After the expiration of 30 days, your account is permanently deleted.
To prevent abuse and/or misuse of Mamba by a user following termination or deletion of a profile/account we shall retain such information as we deem in our sole discretion may be necessary to ensure that user does not open a new account and profile in breach of our Terms and to ensure compliance with all laws and regulations.
Please note that if you withdraw your consent for your data processing you Profile will be deleted within 24 hours and you will not be able to restore it.
Warning
: Even after you remove information from your profile or delete your account, copies of that information may still be viewable and/or accessed on the Internet to the extent such information has been previously shared with others or copied or stored by other users or to the extent such information has been shared with search engines. We cannot control this, nor do we accept any liability for this. If you have given third party applications or websites access to your personal data, they may retain such information to the extent permitted under their terms of service or privacy policies.
What happens if I do nothing?
As our service is meant for dating, we cannot provide this service not using your personal data. That is why we will process your data until you decide to delete your Profile and for no more than six months after that, so that you could restore your Profile if you change your mind. However, if you have not signed in to Mamba for three months, we may remove your Profile as part of our data cleansing process.
Your Mamba account is non-transferable and any rights to your profile or contents within your account will be cancelled upon your death.
If you have questions about our Policy or how we collect and use personal data, drop us a line via Support page or send an email to our Data protection officer
dpo@wamba.com
.
You can address to our representative in the European Union:
eur@wamba.com
.
If you are located in European Union, you can address to National Supervisory Authority for Personal Data Processing
www.dataprotection.ro
.
This Privacy Policy was last updated on 16 June 2022.
Countries
Language
:
English
Our website uses cookies. By continuing to use the site, you agree to this in accordance with the
Personal Data Processing Policy
.
Close