Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Pedi STAT / Pedi STAT EMS / STAT EM / James M Kempema MD PA, wants to demonstrate its commitment to your privacy.
This privacy policy governs your use of Pedi STAT apps, websites, emails and educational content. and Pedi STAT / Pedi STAT EMS / STAT EM that have been developed by Pedi STAT Software Inc. Pedi STAT Software offers apps that curate the medical literature, that provide educational tools for clinical decision support and that provide alerts regarding relevant medical publications, medical decision support tools and educational opportunity, including live and online medical education.
If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, you should contact
James M Kempema MD PA
.
The Services offer free sources of customized information for healthcare professionals. As a free service, we rely on partnership and advertising revenues to finance the development of specialized scientific content designed for practicing physicians. The optimization of advertising to provide you with relevant commercial communications and messages therefore goes to the heart of our ability to finance the creation of high-quality medical content, and is the reason behind many of the uses of personal data described herein.
Pedi STAT Software works hard to ensure that the privacy and security of your personal and posted information is our primary concern. The following Privacy Policy provides details regarding how this is done.
Information Collected
Pedi STAT Software may collect personal information that you submit on the registration pages of the apps and website (such as your name, email address, professional credentials, job description, country of practice, zip or postal code, clinical/research interests and preferred scientific journals) and is the sole owner of said information. This type of required information is requested when you register.
You have the option to submit the credentials used to access personal or institutional journal subscriptions - by doing so, you will be able to access subscription content more easily. These credentials are stored in an encrypted fashion and are never shared with any other users or PediStat staff.
Pedi STAT Software also collects information generated as you interact within our app & website (such as your browser type, mobile device type, IP address, referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, tools utilized and time spent using each tool). Certain information of this type is stored using "cookies". A cookie is a piece of data stored on a user's device or computer tied to information about that user. We use both session ID cookies and persistent cookies. We use session cookies to make it easier for you to navigate our site. A session ID cookie expires when you close your browser. A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time. You can block or remove persistent cookies by following directions provided in your internet browser's "help" file. More information about our practices with respect to cookies can be found in our Cookie Policy.
A number of features within the apps & websites may allow you to post personal information and/or content that will be viewable by other users. As such, when posting any content, article titles, article comments or article tags you should not reveal anything that you want to keep private. Be aware that any personally identifying information posted on the site may be used to contact you. Please review our Terms of Use for more information.
We may use 'session replay' technology to continue to improve your experience with Pedi STAT Software applications. This technology captures your interactions with Pedi STAT Software applications, which we may compile into a video representation of your session. No recording of the view on your device occurs and only interactions with Pedi STAT Software applications are recorded. Session data is stored securely by a third party provider and any identifiable information is anonymized by that third party.
The collection of personal information as described in this section is necessary to perform the contract entered between you and Pedi STAT Software as described in our Terms of Use and is based on our legitimate interest in our business model of providing free and relevant Services to you.
Continuing Medical Education
If you elect to collect Continuing Medical Education (CME) or Continuing Education (CE) credit, you may be asked to provide personally identifiable information such as your name, zip code and NPI. In addition to personally identifiable information, aggregated non-personally identifiable information about the activities undertaken by CME/CE participants is recorded. Information that you provide in connection with your participation in CME activities, either when registering or requesting credit, may be used as follows:
Pedi STAT Software partners with educational organizations such as those accredited by the Accreditation Council for Continuing Medical Education (ACCME) to provide continuing education to physicians. Your personally identifiable information is shared with our CME partner(s) who certify CME/CE activities offered, as necessary for their fulfillment of their reporting obligations to the ACCME and other accrediting bodies. These reports may include personally identifiable information about you and credits issued to you, for the purpose of maintaining records and contacting you about additional CME opportunities.
Pedi STAT Software may use personally identifiable information, including registration information and evaluation data, in assessing educational needs and evaluating its educational activities.
The collection, use and disclosure of personal information as described in this section is necessary to perform the contract entered between you and Pedi STAT Software as described in our Terms of Use.
Use of Information Collected
When you register on the apps or websites, the information you provide forms the basis of your personal profile. This information is stored by Pedi STAT Software primarily to provide you with personalized content delivery and facilitate interactions amongst other users of the apps and websites. Data is stored as long as you are a registered user of our service, but removed upon your request. We may associate information that we have collected about your use of the Services with your registration information and any other information we have about you, including information from our affiliates, as described in this Privacy Policy, thereby creating a profile of you that we may update from time to time ("Member Profile"). The aforementioned use of personal information is necessary to perform the contract entered between you and Pedi STAT Software as described in our Terms of Use and is based on our legitimate interest in our business model of providing free and relevant Services to you.
A secondary use of this information is to allow Pedi STAT Software to target specific advertising to you. For example, a member that identifies his/herself as an ophthalmologist may receive specific advertisements that differ from those that appear to a member identified as a neurologist. We may personalize the Services, including the advertising you see within the Pedi STAT Software apps, websites, emails and educational content, based on information included in your Member Profile. The aforementioned use of personal information is necessary to perform the contract entered between you and Pedi STAT Software as described in our Terms of Use and is based on our legitimate interest in our business model of providing free and relevant Services to you.
We use analytics tools such as Google Analytics and Omniture to track anonymized user data on how the app and website are used. This data is used for internal review and to optimize the user experience. This is necessary to our legitimate interests in providing and improving the Services.
We may share some kinds of personal information with third parties as described below.
Service Providers
. We work with third party service providers to help us provide the Services and to otherwise assist us in the operation of our apps, websites, emails and educational content, including in the areas of email management and deployment, analytics, marketing, advertising, market research, identity and professional credential validation, content distribution, customer service, payment fulfillment, event logistics, website maintenance and data storage and security. We may provide these service providers with personal information about users of our Services so that they can fulfill their responsibilities to us, however, we do require that they agree to limit their use of this personal information to the fulfillment of these responsibilities. The use and disclosure of personal information described in this paragraph is necessary to our legitimate interests in providing and improving the Services.
Market Research
: From time to time, we may invite you to participate in sponsored or unsponsored market research surveys. We may provide aggregate information from the survey results to third parties including the survey sponsor, if applicable. If you receive payment for participating in a sponsored survey, we may be required to provide the sponsor with personally identifiable information about you for its record keeping and regulatory reporting purposes. We will not provide any sponsor with your survey responses on an identifiable basis unless we obtain your consent. If you participate in a survey administered by a third party market research company, this company may identify you when you participate in the survey. We require these companies to agree that they will not provide the survey sponsor with personally identifiable information about you based on your participation in the survey, nor will they market to you based on such participation. The use and disclosure of personal information described in this paragraph is necessary to perform the contract entered between you and Pedi STAT Software as described in our Terms of Use and is based on your consent given when you participate.
Sponsored Content
: When you engage with content on the Pedi STAT platform, you may be presented with advertisements, promoted research and/or opportunities to engage in industry-sponsored informational programs consisting of selected materials from our sponsors, which may include third-party advertisers and pharmaceutical companies. We may personalize the Services, including the advertising you see within our apps and websites, on third party websites and in our email communications, based on information included in your Member Profile. For example, a user who we believe is a cardiologist or who has browsed cardiology content on one of our apps may be served an advertisement promoting a particular cardiac product within our apps and websites, on third party websites and/or within an email that a user who we believe is a neurologist or has not browsed cardiology content will not see. All sponsored content and advertisements will be identified to you by the label Promoted, Advertisement, Information from Industry, Sponsored or some similar designation indicating that the content has been selected by a third-party sponsor. We may provide your personal information to third party sponsors of advertisements, subject to applicable law. Specifically, when you are exposed to an advertisement through the Services, whether on one of our websites or apps, in an email or through some other means, or when you engage in a sponsored program, Pedi STAT Software may provide your personal information, such as your name and specialty (but not your email or postal address) to the applicable sponsor and/or its agents on the sponsor’s behalf. We may also provide such third parties with details about your engagement with the advertisement or sponsored program (e.g., whether you viewed or otherwise interacted with certain content), your answers to any questions contained in the sponsored program and information about you that we have received from third parties. Except as otherwise provided by applicable law, we are not responsible for how these third parties use your information. Further, we may use non-personally identifiable information for research purposes, and we may provide this information in the aggregate to third parties. The use and disclosure of personal information described in this paragraph is necessary to perform the contract entered between you and Pedi STAT Software as described in our Terms of Use and to our legitimate interests in our business model of providing free and relevant Services to you.
Business Transfers and Affiliates
. We may collect and disclose your personal information to our affiliates to provide Services, targeted campaigns and improve your experience by showing relevant content and advertisements. We may collect or disclose your personal information to our affiliates based upon our and their legitimate interests in receiving the information gathered via the Services, based, for example, on (i) product development purposes, improvement of the Services or regulatory and compliance purposes, or (ii) conducting data quality checks or providing IT or security services.
Protection of Information Collected
Pedi STAT Software follows generally accepted industry standard security measures to protect your information. To ensure that your personal information is protected, Pedi STAT / Pedi STAT EMS / STAT EM relies on Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information that you input. SSL is the industry standard used to protect sensitive and personal information as it passes over the web. In order to access your account, we require that you create a password. If you believe your user information has been lost or stolen, please contact
James M Kempema MD PA
and we will respond within 10 business days.
If you request it, Pedi STAT Software will tell you what personal information we hold about you and how we process it and we will provide you with a copy of that information. You are also entitled to access, rectify, change, update, delete, revoke, or improve upon your personal information at any time. You can exercise this right free of charge. We may ask you to provide further information to confirm your identity before considering your request. To make such a request, please send an email to
James M Kempema MD PA
.
Legal Disclaimer
Subject to applicable law, we reserve the right to disclose your personal information as required by law and when disclosure may be necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our apps or sites.
Access to Information Collected
If you wish to modify your personal information or change/delete the optional information in your profile that is viewable by other users, you can do so at any time by logging onto the site and/or app and accessing your account.
If you wish to remove your account from the Pedi STAT database you can do so by contacting Pedi STAT Software at
James M Kempema MD PA
. You will receive a response within 10 business days. Removed information may continue in backup servers for a reasonable period of time based on industry best practices but will no longer be viewable by other users. If you lose your password or believe it has been stolen, you can reset it via the website or app and a temporary password will be provided to your email on file.
External Emails
When you sign up for a Pedi STAT account and, for certain users, provide consent, you will be subscribed to Pedi STAT Software informational newsletters, and we will use your name and email address to send the newsletters to you. At the footer of each email a link is provided to allow you a way to easily unsubscribe. When we have new personalized content that you have indicated you want to be alerted about, you will receive an email notification. You have the option to control via your account which emails and notifications you receive.
Links
Within the apps and sites there may be links to other websites that are posted or shared by other users. By clicking on such links, you may be directed to a third-party website. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by Pedi STAT and, therefore Pedi STAT Software cannot be responsible for the privacy practices of other websites.
Custom Audiences
We may participate in Facebook's Custom Audience or similar programs offered by Google, Twitter, LinkedIn or other similar services which enables us to display personalized ads to persons on our email lists or who have visited our websites or apps. We provide hashed personal information such as your email address to determine if you are a registered account holder with one of these services. The use and disclosure of personal information described in this paragraph is necessary to our legitimate interests in our business model of providing free and relevant Services to you.
You may opt-out of participation in Custom Audiences by sending an email to
James M Kempema MD PA
.
Children and Parents
Notice to Residents of California
If you are a California resident, California law may provide you with additional rights regarding our use of your personal information. For more information relevant to our users who are California residents, please click
here
.
Retention
Pedi STAT Software may retain your personal information up to one year following a request for the deletion of your account, subject to applicable law. Thereafter, the data will be archived or anonymized.
Additional Terms for Residents of the European Economic Area ("EEA")
If you are a resident of the EEA, legislation permits you to request that we tell you what personal information we hold about you and how we process it and that we provide you with a copy of that information. You are also entitled to access, rectify, change, update, delete, revoke, or improve upon your personal information at any time. When the personal data processing is based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent concerning such data processing, at any time, without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before your withdrawal. You can exercise these rights free of charge. We may ask you to provide further information to confirm your identity before considering your request. To make such a request, please send an email to
James M Kempema MD PA
or write to us at 445 W 6th Ave #201, Vancouver, BC V5Y 1L3 Canada. Additionally, you have a right to complain to your local data protection authority if you are concerned about how your personal data is used through or in the context of the Services.
For purposes of providing the Services, Pedi STAT Software may transfer your personal information (including user-provided information) to servers located in the United States or Canada. By using and continuing to use the Services, you agree to that transfer.
The personal information we hold is used solely for the purposes of operating the Services and communicating with you. You are also entitled to object to any processing of your personal information on reasonable grounds. We make no automated decisions about you that create legal effects or otherwise significantly affect you.
As discussed above, we have implemented technology and security measures to protect your personal information from unauthorized access, disclosure, improper use, alteration, unlawful or accidental destruction, and accidental loss.
We use security methods to determine the identity of registered users, so that appropriate rights and restrictions can be enforced for these users. If you are a registered user, we use both logins and passwords to authenticate you. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your login credentials.
By using the Services or providing personal information to us, you agree that we may communicate with you electronically about security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your use of the Services. If you have a reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure, please contact us immediately at
James M Kempema MD PA
.
The contact details of our Privacy Officer in charge of protecting and managing your Personal Information, and handling inquiries and complaints concerning Personal Information, are as follows:
Name of Department: Privacy
Contact Information:
James M Kempema MD PA
or write to us at 445 W 6th Ave #201, Vancouver, BC V5Y 1L3 Canada.
Additional Terms For Residents of Australia, New Zealand, China, India, Israel, Japan, and South Africa
If you are a resident of the Australia, New Zealand, China, India, Israel, Japan, or South Africa privacy legislation permits you to request that we tell you what personal information we hold about you and provide you with a copy of that information. You also have the right to request that we correct your personal information if it is inaccurate, out-of-date, or incomplete. We may ask you to provide further information to confirm your identity before considering your request. To make an access and/or correction request, please send an email to
James M Kempema MD PA
or write us at 445 W 6th Ave #201, Vancouver, BC V5Y 1L3 Canada.
It is not mandatory or legally required for you to provide us with any of your personal information. However, if you do not provide the information that we ask for, you may not be able to access and use all of the Services features available to users.
Pedi STAT Software may transfer your personal data to servers located in the United States or Canada for purposes of providing the Services. By using and continuing to use the Services, you agree to that transfer. If you are an Australian resident, you acknowledge that by providing your consent to the transfer to servers located outside Australia, we are not required to take reasonable steps to ensure your personal information is handled in accordance with Australian privacy law.
'If you are a user in China, if you notice any personal information leakage or otherwise have any complaint about the protection of your personal information, please contact
James M Kempema MD PA
. We will respond within ten (10) days of the receipt of your email.
Additional Terms for Residents of South Korea
It is not mandatory for you to provide us with any of your personal information. However, if you do not provide the information that we ask for, you may not be able to access and use all or parts of the Service’s features available to users.
The Personal Information Protection Act and Act on Promotion of Information and Communications Network Utilizations and Information Protection permit you to request that we tell you what personal information we hold about you, how we process it, and that we provide you with a copy of that information. You are also entitled to access, rectify, change, update, delete, revoke, or improve upon your personal information at any time. You can exercise this right free of charge. To make an access and/or correction request, please send an email to
James M Kempema MD PA
or write to us at 445 W 6th Ave #201, Vancouver, BC V5Y 1L3 Canada.
The contact details of our Privacy Officer in charge of protecting and managing your personal information, and handling inquiries and complaints concerning personal information, are as follows:
Name of Department: Privacy
Contact Information:
James M Kempema MD PA
You may block cookies by activating settings on the browser that allow you to refuse the settings of all or some cookies.
If you have any comments, questions or concerns regarding our privacy policy, please send a message to our privacy officer at
James M Kempema MD PA
.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Pedi STAT Software reserves the right to revise or update this Privacy Policy at any time. In the event that significant changes are made, Pedi STAT Software commits to advising all users at the time that any significant change is made. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our home page or app.
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this Privacy Policy and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
Last update September, 2024.