Privacy Statement
Privacy policy of the Sunbird Images OHG
General
We take the protection of your personal data very seriously. We treat your personal data confidentially and in accordance with the statutory data protection regulations and this privacy policy. Our business model is explicitly not based on the collection or marketing of personal data. Here we’d like to inform you about the nature and extent of data collection, processing, and use of personal data in the context of our business processes.
Data processing on this website
We automatically collect and store information in so-called log files that your browser automatically sends to us. This data includes browser type and version, operating system, referrer URL, and server request time. This data cannot be assigned to a specific individual. The information however, is technically necessary to correctly convey the requested contents of web pages and is mandatory when using the internet. Anonymous information of this kind can be statistically evaluated by us, in order to optimize our Internet appearance and the technology behind it. A combination of this data with other data sources or a transfer to third parties does not occur.
Use of cookies
Our websites use so-called cookies to make our offer more user-friendly, better, and safer. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer and stored by your browser. Cookies do not damage your computer. They are no and do not contain viruses. In order to offer you an optimal user experience, we use “session cookies”. These will be deleted automatically after the end of your visit. The data stored in session cookies is only valid during your current visit to our website. If you do not want to allow cookies, you can use the disable cookies setting of your browser. You will find information on how to proceed with this in the help function of your browser menu.
Google Web Fonts
This site uses so-called web fonts, provided by Google, for the uniform display of fonts. Visiting an internet page, your browser loads the required web fonts into your browser cache to display texts and fonts correctly. If your browser does not support web fonts, a default font will be used by your computer. More information about Google Web Fonts can be found on
https://developers.google.com/fonts/faq
and in Google’s Privacy Policy:
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
Social plugins
Our website uses plugins from YouTube, operated by Google. The operator is YouTube, LLC, 901 Cherry Ave., San Bruno, CA 94066, USA. When you visit one of our YouTube plug-in-enabled sites, you will be connected to the servers of YouTube. The YouTube server will get infromation which of our pages you visited. If you’re logged-in to your YouTube account, YouTube will be able to associate your browsing behavior directly with your personal profile. You can prevent this by logging out of your YouTube account. For more information on how to handle user data, please refer to the YouTube Privacy Policy at
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy
Contact Form
If you send us inquiries via the contact form, your details entered into the inquiry form, including the contact details you provided there, will be stored in order to process the request and in case of follow-up questions. We will not share this information without your consent. The data will be deleted after the processing of your request. You can revoke your consent at any time for the future at the address given in the imprint.
Newsletter
If you would like to receive the newsletter offered on our website, we need your e-mail address. You can unsubscribe from the newsletter at any time via the link provided in the newsletter and via the newsletter unsubscribe form. We have signed an agreement with our e-mail marketing service provider Newsletter2Go on the process of commissioned data processing. This ensures that our service provider adheres to the strict requirements of German and European data protection laws in all respects when sending the newsletter. This also ensures that your data is stored only within the EU with a high level of protection. There is no storage of your data on servers outside the EU.
Data collection and processing of personal data
The use of our website in general is possible without providing personal information. We collect and process personal data only insofar as this is necessary for the conduction of all necessary actions in connection with the respective business relationship. We collect such personal information only if you actively contact us, e.g., in the case of orders, direct inquiries, or other contacts. This data is stored for the purpose of processing your request and in case of follow-up questions. All personal data arising in this context is collected, processed, and used only to safeguard our own business interests with regard to the transaction and support of our customers and interested parties. All information will be treated confidentially in accordance with applicable data protection regulations and will not be disclosed to third parties, neither for commercial nor for non-commercial purposes. We do not collect any personal data on the use of our website (usage data). Of course, we also provide you with information about the personal data we hold about you at any time. We are happy to adjust or delete these at your request, as far as no statutory storage requirements preclude.
Basically, data transmission over the Internet (e.g., e-mail) may have security vulnerabilities. A complete protection of the data from access by third parties is not possible.
Data transmission to third parties
We transfer personal data to third parties only if this is necessary in the context of contract execution or is required by law. This includes the forwarding of payment information to the bank responsible for the processing of payments as well as the debit and credit notes and payment documents necessary for the tax declaration to the commissioned auditing and tax consulting firm. Furthermore, the appropriate documents will be passed on to the tax authorities as required by the legal requirements. A further transmission of data does not take place or only if you have expressly consented to the transmission. A transfer of your data to third parties without explicit consent, such as for advertising purposes, does not occur.
Encrypted payments on this website
For payments via PayPal, all transactions are subject to the PayPal Privacy Policy. The transaction takes place exclusively via an encrypted SSL connection. You can recognize an encrypted connection by changing the address line of the browser from “http: //” to “https: //” and the lock symbol in your browser line.
Data storage and deletion
We adhere to the principles of data avoidance and data economy. Therefore, we only store your personal data for as long as is necessary to achieve the purposes mentioned here or as provided for by the various storage periods provided for by law. The data provided by you is required to fulfill the contract or to carry out pre-contractual measures. Without this data, we cannot conclude a contract with you. Your data is stored exclusively on servers within the EU. The data will not be transferred to countries outside the EU.
After discontinuation of the respective purpose or expiration of these deadlines, the corresponding data will be routinely blocked or deleted in accordance with the statutory provisions. After canceling a purchase, the data already incurred will be deleted. In the case of a contract coming into effect, all data from the contractual relationship is stored until the expiry of the retention period provided by tax law (10 years).
Security
We take all technical and organizational measures to avoid that your personal data becomes accessible to third parties. In addition, we endeavor to ensure the security of your personal data and have taken technical and organizational measures to protect the personal data you provide against loss, destruction, manipulation, and unauthorized access. All our employees and third parties involved in the processing of data are obliged to comply with the Federal Data Protection Act and the European General Data Protection Regulation and the confidential handling of personal data. When communicating via e-mail, complete data security cannot be guaranteed, so we recommend that you send confidential information by post.
Duty of care and co-responsibility
Users are required to carefully store their customer information. You must ensure that this data is protected against access by third parties and that misuse is avoided. If you entertain suspicion of abuse, your need to immediately notify the Sunbird Images OHG.
Right to information
You have the right to obtain information about your personal data stored by us at any time. You can also request the deletion of the data, as far as statutory archiving obligations do not contradict this. In addition, you have the right to correct and block this personal data in accordance with the statutory provisions. You can contact us at any time at the address given in the imprint.
Change of our privacy policy
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time to ensure that it complies with current legal requirements or to implement changes to our services in the Privacy Policy, e.g., when introducing new services. Your new visit will be subject to the new privacy policy.
Facebook-Plugins
On our pages are plugins of the social network Facebook, provider Facebook Inc., 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, California 94025, USA, integrated. You can recognize the Facebook plugins on the Facebook logo or the “Like-Button” on our site. An overview of the Facebook plugins can be found here: http://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/.
When you visit our pages, the plug-in is used to establish a direct connection between your browser and the Facebook server. Facebook will be informed that you have visited our site with your IP address. If you click the Facebook Like button while you are logged into your Facebook account, you can link the content of our pages to your Facebook profile. This allows Facebook to associate the visit of our pages with your user account. We would like to point out that as a provider of the pages we do not receive any knowledge of the content of the transmitted data as well as their use by Facebook. For more information, see the Facebook privacy policy at
http://de-en.facebook.com/policy.php
. If you do not want Facebook to associate the visit of our pages with your Facebook user account, please log out of your Facebook user account.
Instagram-Plugins
On our pages, functions of the Instagram service are integrated. These functions are provided by Instagram Inc., 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, CA, 94025, USA. If you are logged in to your Instagram account, you can link the contents of our pages to your Instagram profile by clicking on the Instagram button. This allows Instagram to associate the visit of our pages with your user account. We would like to point out that as a provider of theses pages we are not aware of the content of the transmitted data as well as their use by Instagram.
For more information, see the Instagram Privacy Statement:
http://instagram.com/about/legal/privacy/