Privacy Policy
At 7sols, we understand the importance of privacy and we will always strive to protect your privacy and preserve the trust you place in us. We only collect and retain as much information as is absolutely necessary for us to provide you with our service, and whenever possible we disassociate any personally identifiable information from the data we retain. We will only share user data with 3rd parties if we are obligated to by law, or to the extent that it directly contributes to the services we provide (and with the proper precautions to protect personal information).
This Privacy Policy explains our policy regarding the collection, use, disclosure, and transfer of certain information, including your personal information, by 7 sols media d.o.o. and its affiliates (“7sols”) through your use of the Umbrella iOS and Web applications (the “Service”) you accept and agree to our information practices described below.
Collection of Information
User Provided Information
We collect information you provide to us. Example may include:
the location you provide when requesting a forecast or subscribing to weather alerts;
the contact information you provide when contacting us for support.
Automatically Collected Information
We also collect information regarding you and your interactions with us, your use of the Service, as well as information regarding your computer or other device used to access the Service.  This information may include:
your activity on the Service;
the type of device you use, the IP address of your device, your operating system, and the details concerning the Internet browsers you use;
your current location for use in forecasts and weather alerts;
your device ID if notifications are enabled;
Use of Information
We use the information we collect to provide, analyze, administer, enhance, and personalize the Service for you and others.  For example, we may use the information we collect for purposes such as:
providing weather conditions and forecasts;
sending weather alerts per your request;
improving our reporting of current conditions for you and other users;
debugging errors in the Service; and
improving the functionality of the Service.
We retain your information only as long as necessary to provide our services.  Specifically, we retain the following information:
only your most recent location and associated device ID if you have alerts enabled;
anonymous locations and weather details you submit;
all support related communications.
Disclosure of Information
We may disclose information in the following ways:
as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process;
when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others,
investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;
if 7sols is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets;
to trusted third parties for use in weather research or to improve the Service as described in the section below;
Trusted Third Parties
We may work with trusted third parties to conduct research or to improve, enhance, alter, or expand our services.  These trusted third parties have agreed to abide by the terms of this Privacy Policy.  Any public disclosure of the work performed by these trusted third parties will be anonymized.
Opt-out
You can stop all collection of information by the Service by uninstalling  and ceasing all use of the Applications. Because we anonymize the majority of the data we collect, it is simply not possible to associate the information collected with a particular user and as such, we do not offer any means to delete previously collected information.
You can opt-out of the collection of certain information as follows:
Disable "background location update" in the Application to stop the Application from collecting your location data while the Application is not active.
Security
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve the Service. Please be aware that, although we endeavor to provide reasonable security, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
Effective Date & Changes
This Privacy Policy is effective June 5, 2018.
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes.
Contact
If you have any questions concerning this Privacy Policy, you may contact us at
support@7sols.com