Privacy policy
Last updated: Dec 1, 2020
Introduction, definitions and acceptance
Welcome to the Applications and website MDonCall Guide (MDonCall Guide). We are confident you will find our services useful. This privacy policy (the "Policy") covers various situations; Also, for clarity, please refer to the following definitions:
"Application" means the "Application MDonCall Guide" for iOS and Android created and owned by Publicatique. The term also includes any application updating and implementation level of application that Publicatique can provide you or make available, or you get after the date on which you received the first copy of the application, provided that such updates or upgrades do not contain separate privacy policy. The application will be described as the "iOS Application" or "Android Application" or the "Web Application" according to the operating system environment.
"Device" means the mobile device or tablet on which or that you download the application and use the Services.
"Services" means software services developed by Publicatique allowing you to locate, access and retrieve information used through the website or application. Services are more fully defined in the
Terms of Service
.
"Website" means the website available at
https://mdc.publicatique.com/
which is owned and operated by Publicatique, and includes all the present and future subdomains.
"Publicatique" means Publicatique, a duly incorporated company. In this Policy, "Publicatique" may refer to its employees, officers, directors, contractors, agents or representatives, depending on the context. The use of "we" or "our" in the Policy will also refer to Publicatique. A website visitor or user of services may be designated in the Policy with the pronoun "you." When a user of the Services has created an account and is connected, it will be designated by the terms "User".
The Policy contains other definitions, which can be identified due to the use of a capital letter to the first letter, bold and quotes. Other definitions can also be used in the
Terms of Service
and have the same meaning in the policy as the one given in their general conditions of use. The definitions contained in the policy will also apply to the Terms of Service.
By visiting the website, using the Services or the Website, or downloading, using or accessing the application on your device, you agree to be bound (e) the unreserved Policy, modifications, additions or deletions . If you do not accept all the provisions of the Policy, you are not allowed (e) use the Website or the Services. If you downloaded an application and you do not accept all the provisions of the policy, you must delete the application from your device.
Publicatique reserves the right at any time and without notice, to modify or replace the Policy. Any changes to the policy will be posted at this URL. It is your responsibility to periodically review the Policy to be informed (e) changes. Your use of the Website and / or the Application following the posting of changes to Policy constitutes acceptance of those changes. In case substantial changes in policy affecting how we treat your information, you will be notified (e) during your next connection to the Services or by email / email.
The Policy should be read in conjunction with the
Terms of Service
, as these two documents govern your
            use of the Website and / or the Application.
If you have questions about the policy or if you want information regarding your personal information held by Publicatique and / or access, please contact:
Publicatique Legal Services
MDonCall@messil.com
General statement on confidentiality and to the Personal Information Protection
Publicatique attaches great importance to the confidentiality and security of personal information. We have provided a safe and a political environment that described the strict limits governing the use of information and access to the information.
Scope of the Privacy Policy
The policy regarding the treatment of personal information ( "Personal Information") and other information collected by Publicatique when you access the Website or use the Website or the Services. It also provides treatment of any Personal Information Publicatique may share with its business partners or other third parties in limited circumstances.
The Policy does not apply to general practices and processing of information (personal or otherwise) by third parties as Publicatique does not have or does not control, including any website or service of a third party to whom you choose to access through the Website or the Services or a link displayed on the website or through the Services ( "third party website") or any person who is not managed or used by Publicatique. While we strive to facilitate access or tracking links only to third party websites with the same concern confidentiality, we can not be held responsible for the content of third party websites or their privacy policies. We invite you to read the privacy policies of all third party websites you access. We have compiled a list of the largest third-party websites in question, with links, which appears later in the Policy.
Finally, the policy does not apply to personal information sent to Publicatique through a non-secure mode of communication, such as email, instant messaging or Twitter, as well transmitted communications may be intercepted, lost or altered. We are pleased to receive your comments and suggestions so transmitted, but please carefully select the Personal Information you send Publicatique by these means.
No collection of personal information office
Ex officio Publicatique does not collect your personal information when you use the Website or the Services unless you are asked to provide such information, for example in the case of the creation of an account or providing additional information when you use the Services MDonCall Guide. The collection of personal information shall be only with your informed consent. When you provide personal information, they will be used for the purposes agreed, as specified in the next clause.
Personal information collected and how they are used
Here is a detailed list of the Personal Information we collect about you when you use the Website or the Services and the use we make of it. You acknowledge that you provide such personal information with your consent.
Account Data. As mentioned in the Terms of Service, users of certain services must create an account and enter the following personal information to be able to use (the "Account Information"): valid email address, first and last name family and phone number.
We use account data to manage access to your account, verify your login information services and you provide information about your account or your subscription. In addition, your account data and any information or material subject to search via MDonCall Guide services, will be used to track your usage history, for internal use by Publicatique.
Security and encryption of information
Publicatique adopts the best practices of the industry (physical, electronic and procedural) to ensure the security of collected data (including personal information). Moreover, Publicatique appealed to independent providers and web hosting partners to obtain hardware, software, networking, storage and other technologies needed to operate the Website and the Services, and the third were selected based on their high standards of electronic and physical security. For example, Publicatique uses
SiteGround
, a recognized leader in data security for hosting the website and the services and data storage (including personal information). You agree that independent providers and web hosting partners to whom we appeal may be in territories or countries where laws on the protection of personal information are not as stringent as in your province, your state, your country or territory of residence.
Restricted Collecting information for statistical, analytical and security
Publicatique automatically collects certain information with the third analysis program
Analytics
to help us understand how visitors use our website and services, but none of this information identifies you. So every time you visit the Web site, we automatically include your IP address, browser type and computer use, time of access, the original Web page and Web pages visited (if applicable). We use this information to better understand your needs and users of the website and general services. Publicatique also uses information obtained for statistical purposes: it keeps track of the number of people visited the website, page views on the website and users of the Services in order to make improvements.
Your IP address and other relevant information can be used to track any fraudulent or criminal activity, or any activity that violates the Terms of Service.
Non-disclosure of Personal Information to third parties
Except as provided in the following paragraphs and Clause of the Policy entitled "Personal Information collected and how they are used," Publicatique disclose any Personal Information collected through its website or services to third parties. Moreover, Publicatique refuses to sell, lease, exchange or grant licenses on personal information on its users to third parties. Only the employees, representatives, contractors, officers, agents or assigns of Publicatique are responsible for the management and development of the website and Services and nobody else has access to information that is collected there. All these employees, representatives, contractors, officers, agents or assigns have been instructed to comply with the Policy.
Notwithstanding any contrary provision in the policy, we may share information collected about you or that you have provided (whether or not personal information): (1) in response to a subpoena, to the court order or legal process, or to establish, protect or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal actions or demands; (2) if deemed necessary to investigate, defend or prosecute in respect of illegal activity, fraud or other situations representing a potential threat to the safety of a person given, or in respect of a breach of Terms of Service; (3) if we consider it necessary to investigate, defend or prosecute with regard to situations involving abuse of the infrastructure of the Website or the Services or the Internet in general (such that spam (spam) excessive, the denial of service or any attempt to compromise the security of the infrastructure of the website, the Services or the website in general); (4) a parent company to subsidiaries, joint ventures or other companies that are under common control with Publicatique (in which case we require that such entities comply with the Policy); (5) if Publicatique merges with another company, subject to a reorganization, selling or transferring part or all of its operations, assets or actions (in which case, we require that the entity assumes our obligations under the policy, or we will inform you if you are subject to a different privacy policy).
General information transferred via the Services
Any information (personal or otherwise) that is collected by the Services when you use them can be stored locally on your computer or device and then transferred to servers under the control of Publicatique. Publicatique can get this information because of the fact that the data is sent to our servers from the Services. However, this information is used (or not) under the terms of the Policy.
Permissions
The full list and description of functions on the device that have been developed by third parties, which are accessed by the Application MDonCall Guide or Application MDonCall Guide changes. Except as noted, these permissions apply to both iOS devices as Android devices.
Read, edit or delete the contents of your USB storage. The application can read, write, edit or delete content connected to the Application that is stored on your device.
Access to network services. The application will access your wi-fi or cellular service to display your network connection and exchange data (including personal information) to servers under the control of Publicatique. Lets, more generally, retrieve information on the Internet.
Control by the user and uninstall the Application
For application, you can access and change certain user settings in the Settings menu that is on your device. You can also uninstall the Application; uninstallation methods vary depending on your device, and the iOS or Android version of the application. Publicatique has no control over these functions and disclaims all liability related to your use of these functions, or sending to others any data or Personal Information resulting from these activities.
Consultation and Deleting Personal Information
If you wish to know the Personal Information that has Publicatique about you or access or delete from our databases the information we hold about you, please contact us at the above address. When connected to the Services, you can also delete your account (and therefore your personal information) via the parameter function. Please note that once deleted your Personal Information, you may not be able to use some of the services.
Cookies ( "cookies")
Publicatique uses cookies ("cookies") on the website and in the applications; using the Website or the Services, you consent to this use. Cookies are small data files recorded on the hard disk or memory of your computer or device when you visit a Web site or application and that, in order to track your use and enhance your user experience through the recording of certain data in your computer or device. The Website and the Services make use of session cookies, which improve your user experience by recording certain information about your visit going on in your computer.
Specifically, we use cookies to:
a session cookie for the Services, to identify the User. This cookie expires at the end of the session
an authentication control for MDonCall Guide Services Web site to facilitate your connection. This cookie expires after 2 weeks
Amplitude is an analysis service of Amplitude Inc. (631 Howard Street, Suite 300, San Francisco, CA 94105, U.S.A.). This tool collects technical information, such as the type of your device (e.g., iPhone 7 or the operating system used (e.g., iOS 10.3). In addition, Amplitude tracks location data (e.g. country) and internal data (e.g. language, server upload time, session ID) that occur when using Website. Such events may, for example, be how long you were logged into Website and from which country. In other words, Amplitude helps us understand how you use Website so we can improve the experience. You will find additional information about the manner in which Amplitude processes data at:
https://amplitude.com/privacy
.
You can set your browser or device to refuse cookies or to delete them after registration. Please consult the "Help" section of your browser or device to get the necessary instructions. Note that the removal of these witnesses or denying them could affect your user experience; you will be asked to re-enter certain information, including the necessary information to use the Services. Moreover, since we are using authentication controls, suppression of these witnesses could completely prevent the use of certain functions, including all services. Publicatique and its representatives can not be held responsible for failure to execute a function if you refuse or delete cookies or damage or loss (monetary or otherwise) arising from the total or partial failure to perform a function.
Risks related to Internet use
Despite all efforts Publicatique prevent third parties from accessing your personal information or obtain through your use of the Website or the Services, it is impossible to guarantee absolute confidentiality or security on the Internet and / or when data is transferred via wireless technology of some kind. Internet communications may be intercepted, lost or altered. You acknowledge and agree that Publicatique can not be held responsible for damages resulting from the transmission of confidential information or personal information over the Internet and that such communications are at your own risk.
Limitation of Liability
Publicatique or its officers, directors, shareholders, owners, officers, affiliates, partners, directors, employees, affiliates or other related entities, servants, agents, representatives, successors or assigns shall not be held liable for damage or loss (monetary or other) arising from the misuse of any information obtained by a third party, or misuse of any information obtained through the website in a way that does not violate the policy.
Compliance with laws Privacy
Policy and General Practice Publicatique are designed to ensure compliance with the Act on the Protection of Personal Information and Electronic Documents Act ( "PIPEDA", SC 2000, c. 5) of Canada and the Protection of Personal Information in the Private Sector Act (RSQ, c. P-39.) Quebec. If you have any questions regarding compliance with these laws, please contact us at the above address.