About
Privacy Policy for Online, Offline and Electronic Use
Disponible en Español
National Audubon Society (“
Audubon
,” “
we
,” or “
us
”) wants you to be familiar with how we collect, use and disclose information.  We respect our visitors’ privacy interests and are committed to honoring your preferences.  This Privacy Policy describes our practices in connection with information that we collect through:
Websites operated by us from which you are accessing this Privacy Policy (the “
Websites
”);
Software applications made available by us for use on or through computers and mobile devices (the “
Apps
”);
Our social media pages and apps (collectively, our “
Social Media Pages
”);
HTML-formatted email messages that we send to you that link to this Privacy Policy or other communications with you; and
Offline business interactions you have with us (i.e., interactions in-person, by mail, or by telephone).
Collectively, we refer to the Websites, Apps, Social Media Pages, emails, and offline business interactions as the “
Services
.” The Services exclude Audubon’s collection of personal information both online and offline in connection with its day and residential camps.
PERSONAL INFORMATION
“
Personal Information
” is information that identifies you as an individual or relates to an identifiable individual.  The Services collect Personal Information, including:
Name
Postal address (including billing and shipping addresses)
Telephone number
Email address
IP address (we may also derive your approximate location from your IP address)
Demographic data (including age and date of birth)
Payment card data you may choose to provide to enable us to process transactions
Images, audio, or video recordings you may choose to share with us
Social media account ID you may choose to connect to your Services account(s)
Collection of Personal Information
We and our service providers collect Personal Information in a variety of ways, including:
Through the Services.
-
We collect Personal Information through the Services, for example, when you sign up to receive emails from us, register an account to access the Services, make a donation, attend one of our events, purchase merchandise from us, or contact supporter care.
From Other Sources.
-
We receive your Personal Information from other sources, for example, publicly available databases or partner organizations.
-
If you connect your social media account to your Services account, you will share certain Personal Information from your social media account with us, for example, your name, email address, photo, list of social media contacts, and any other information that may be or you make accessible to us when you connect your social media account to your Services account.
We need to collect Personal Information in order to provide the requested Services to you.  If you do not provide the information requested, we may not be able to provide the Services. If you disclose any Personal Information relating to other people to us or to our service providers in connection with the Services, you represent that you have the authority to do so and to permit us to use the information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Use of Personal Information
We and our service providers use Personal Information for the following purposes:
Providing the functionality of the Services and fulfilling your requests.
-
To provide the Services’ functionality to you, such as
allowing you to make payments including donations or gifts to us, arranging access to your membership account, and providing you with related benefits, special promotions, or supporter care.
-
To respond to your inquiries and fulfill your requests, for example, when you contact us with questions, suggestions, compliments or complaints, or when you request information about our Services.
-
To complete your transactions, process returns and exchanges, and verify your information.
-
To send administrative information to you, such as tax receipts or changes to our terms, conditions, and policies.
Providing you with information and facilitating social sharing.
-
To send you direct mail and emails about our mission and impact.
-
To send you requests to take action and requests for your support.
-
To send you the Audubon Magazine.
-
To facilitate social sharing functionality that you choose to use.
Analyzing Personal Information for business reporting and providing personalized services.
-
To better understand your interests and preferences, so that we can personalize our interactions with you and provide you with information and/or offers tailored to your interests.
-
To better understand your preferences so that we can deliver content via our Services that we believe will be relevant and interesting to you.
Allowing you to participate in sweepstakes, contests, or other promotions.
-
We may offer you the opportunity to participate in a sweepstakes, contest, or other promotion. Some of these promotions have additional rules containing information about how we will use and disclose your Personal Information.  Please read those additional rules before choosing to participate.
Aggregating and/or anonymizing Personal Information.
-
We may aggregate and/or anonymize Personal Information so that it will no longer be considered Personal Information. We do so to generate other data for our use, which we may use and disclose for any purpose, as it no longer identifies you or any other individual.
Accomplishing our business purposes.
-
For data analysis, for example, to improve the efficiency of our Services;
-
For audits, to verify that our internal processes function as intended and to address legal, regulatory, or contractual requirements;
-
For fraud prevention and fraud security monitoring purposes, for example, to detect and prevent cyberattacks or attempts to commit identity theft;
-
For developing new products and services;
-
For enhancing, improving, repairing, maintaining, or modifying our current products and services, as well as undertaking quality and safety assurance measures;
-
For identifying usage trends, for example, understanding which parts of our Services are of most interest to users; and
-
For determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns, so that we can adapt our campaigns to the needs and interests of our users.
Disclosure of Personal Information
We disclose Personal Information:
·
To our third-party service providers, to facilitate services they provide to us.
-
These can include providers of services such as website hosting, data analysis, payment processing, order fulfillment, return authorization, fraud prevention, information technology and related infrastructure provision, supporter care or related benefits (including special promotions), email delivery, direct mail and premium fulfillment, telephone outreach, auditing, and other services.
·
To
like-minded
third parties, to permit them to send you marketing communications, consistent with your choices.
·
To third party sponsors of sweepstakes, contests, and similar promotions.
By using the Services, you may elect to disclose Personal Information.
-
In any setting where you are able to post information and content in a manner that is accessible to other users or the general public (including, without limitation, our Social Media Pages), please note that any information you post or disclose through these services may be available to other users and the general public.
-
Through your social sharing activity.  When you connect your Services account to your social media account, any information you provide will be shared with your social media account provider, and may be shared with other users or the public depending on your choices on the target social media platform. By doing so, you authorize us to facilitate this sharing of information, and you understand that the use of shared information will be governed by the social media provider’s privacy policy.
Other Uses and Disclosures
We also use and disclose your Personal Information as necessary or appropriate: (a) to comply with applicable law, to respond to requests from public and government authorities, to cooperate with law enforcement, and for other legal reasons; (b) to enforce our terms and conditions; and (c) to protect our rights, privacy, safety, or property, and/or that of you or others.  We may use, disclose, or transfer Personal Information to a third party in connection with any proposed or actual reorganization, bankruptcy, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer, or other disposition of all or any portion of our assets or stock.
OTHER INFORMATION
“
Other Information
” is any information that does not reveal your specific identity or does not directly relate to an identifiable individual. We collect Other Information such as:
Browser and device information
App usage data
Information collected through cookies, pixel tags and other technologies
Demographic information and other information provided by you that does not reveal your specific identity
Information that has been aggregated in a manner such that it no longer reveals your specific identity
Collection of Other Information
We and our service providers may collect Other Information in a variety of ways, including:
·
Your browser or device
.
-
Certain information is collected by most browsers or automatically through your device, such as your Media Access Control (MAC) address, computer type (Windows or Mac), screen resolution, operating system name and version, device manufacturer and model, language, Internet browser type and version and the name and version of the Services (such as the App) you are using.  We use this information to ensure that the Services function properly.
·
Your use of the App.
-
When you download and use the App,
we and our service providers
may track and collect App usage data, such as the date and time the App on your device accesses our servers and what information and files have been downloaded to the App based on your device number.
·
Cookies.
-
Cookies are pieces of information stored directly on the computer that you are using.  Cookies allow us to collect information such as browser type, time spent on the Services, pages visited, language preferences and other traffic data.  We and our service providers use the information for security purposes, to facilitate navigation, to display information more effectively, and to personalize your experience.  We also gather statistical information about use of the Services in order to continually improve their design and functionality, understand how they are used, and assist us with resolving questions regarding them.  We do not currently respond to browser do-not-track signal. If you do not want information collected using cookies, most browsers allow you to automatically decline cookies or be given the choice of declining or accepting a particular cookie (or cookies) from a particular website.  You may also wish to refer to
http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/index.html
.  If, however, you do not accept cookies, you may experience some inconvenience in your use of the Services.
·
Pixel tags and
other similar technologies.
-
Pixel tags.
Pixel tags (also known as web beacons and clear GIFs) may be used to, among other things, track the actions of users of the Services (including email recipients), measure the success of our marketing campaigns, and compile statistics about usage of the Services and response rates.
-
Analytics
. We use third party analytics tools, including Google Analytics, which use cookies and similar technologies to collect and analyze information about use of the Services and report on activities and trends.  These services may also collect information regarding the use of other websites, apps and online resources.  You can learn about Google’s practices by going to
www.google.com/policies/privacy/‌partners/
,
and exercise the opt-out provided by Google by downloading the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on, available at
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
..
-
Invisible reCAPTCHA.
We use Google’s invisible reCAPTCHA application on our Services in order to protect against spam and other automated abuse.  The reCAPTCHA tool may make use of cookies, as well as other information like IP address, date, time, language, screen size and resolution, and mouse movements.  The use of the reCAPTCHA tool and any information collected through the tool are subject to Google’s privacy policy, available at
https://policies.google.com/privacy
, and Google’s terms of service, available at
https://policies.google.com/terms?hl=en
.
·
Physical Location.
-
We may collect the physical location of your device by, for example, using GPS satellite, cell phone tower or WiFi signals.  We may use your device’s physical location to provide you with personalized location-based services and content. In some instances, you may be permitted to allow or deny such uses and/or sharing of your device’s location, but if you do, we may not be able to provide you with the applicable personalized services and content.
Uses and Disclosures of Other Information
We may use and disclose Other Information for any purpose, except where we are required to do otherwise under applicable law.  If we are required to treat Other Information as Personal Information under applicable law, we may use and disclose it for the purposes for which we use and disclose Personal Information as detailed in this Privacy Policy.  In some instances, we may combine Other Information with Personal Information.  If we do, we will treat the combined information as Personal Information as long as it is combined.
SECURITY
We seek to use reasonable organizational, technical and administrative measures to protect Personal Information within our organization.  Unfortunately, no data transmission or storage system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.  If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure, please immediately notify us in accordance with the
“Contact Us”
section below.
CHOICES AND ACCESS
Your choices regarding our use and disclosure of your Personal Information
We give you choices regarding our use and disclosure of your Personal Information for marketing purposes.  You may opt out from:
(1)
Receiving marketing-related emails from us
.  If you no longer want to receive marketing related emails from us on a going-forward basis, you may opt out by using the “unsubscribe” link in an email you have received from us, or contacting Supporter Care at
support@audubon.org
.
(2)
Receiving SMS messages from us.
If you no longer want to receive text messages from us on a going-forward basis, you may opt out by replying STOP to a text message you have received from us, or contacting Supporter Care at
support@audubon.org
.
(3)
Our sharing of your Personal Information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes
.  If you would prefer that we discontinue sharing your Personal Information on a going-forward basis with third parties for their direct marketing purposes, you may opt out of this sharing by contacting Supporter Care at
support@audubon.org
.
We will try to comply with your request(s) as soon as reasonably practicable.  Please note that if you opt out of receiving marketing related emails from us, we may still send you important administrative messages, from which you cannot opt out.
THIRD PARTY SERVICES
This Privacy Policy does not address, and we are not responsible for, the privacy, information, or other practices of any third parties, including any third party operating any website or service to which the Services link.  The inclusion of a link on the Services does not imply endorsement of the linked site or service by us or by our affiliates.
In addition, we are not responsible for the information collection, use, disclosure, or security policies or practices of other organizations, such as Facebook, Twitter/X, Apple, Google, or any other app developer, app provider, social media platform provider, operating system provider, wireless service provider, or device manufacturer, including with respect to any Personal Information you disclose to other organizations through or in connection with the Apps or our Social Media Pages.
THIRD PARTY ADVERTISING
We use third-party advertising companies to serve advertisements regarding goods and services that may be of interest to you when you access and use other websites or online services.
You may receive advertisements based on information relating to your access to and use of the Services on any of your devices.  These companies place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser (including through the use of pixel tags).
They also use these technologies, along with information they collect about your online use, to recognize you across the devices you use, such as a mobile phone and a laptop.  This activity may be considered a “sale” of Personal Information or “targeted advertising” under applicable laws.  We do not use third-party advertising companies to serve advertisements to you on Audubon Services.
If you would like more information about this practice, and to learn how to opt out of it in desktop and mobile browsers on the particular device on which you are accessing this Privacy Policy, please visit
http://optout.aboutads.info/#/
and
http://optout.networkadvertising.org/#/
.   You may download the AppChoices app at
http://www.aboutads.info/appchoices
to opt out in mobile apps.
USE OF SERVICES BY MINORS
While our Services generally are not directed to individuals under the age of thirteen (13), certain aspects of our Services are intended for children.  We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children in connection with these aspects of our Services or in any other setting.
Your Right To Request Removal of Content
Pursuant to California Business & Professions Code section 22581, if you are a resident of California, under 18, and a registered user of the Services, you may ask us to remove content or information that you have posted to the Services by writing to
support@audubon.org
.  Please note that your request does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information, as, for example, some of your content may have been reposted by another user.
JURISDICTION
We are located in the United States. We may store and process your Personal Information in any country where we have facilities or in which we engage service providers. By using the Services, you understand that your information will be transferred to countries outside of your country of residence, including the United States, which may have data protection rules that are different from those of your country.
SENSITIVE INFORMATION
Unless we request it, we ask that you not send us, and you not disclose, any sensitive Personal Information (e.g., social security numbers, information related to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religion or other beliefs, health, biometrics or genetic characteristics, criminal background) on or through the Services or otherwise to us.
THIRD PARTY PAYMENT SERVICES
The Services may provide functionality allowing you to make payments such as donations or gifts to us using third-party payment services with which you have created your own account. When you use such a service to make a payment to us, your Personal Information will be collected by such third party and not by us, and will be subject to the third party’s privacy policy, rather than this Privacy Policy.  We have no control over, and are not responsible for, this third party’s collection, use, and disclosure of your Personal Information.
UPDATES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
The “
Last Updated
” legend at the top of this Privacy Policy indicates when this Privacy Policy was last revised.  Any changes will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on the Services.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at
support@audubon.org
. Because email communications are not always secure, please do not include credit card or other sensitive information in your emails to us.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION REGARDING USERS IN COLORADO, DELAWARE, OREGON, NEW JERSEY, and MARYLAND
We may exchange certain Personal Information with like-minded third parties for the purpose of our and the third parties’ marketing communications. We also share certain Personal Information with third-party advertising companies as described in the “Third Party Advertising” section above.  These activities may be considered a “sale” of Personal Information or “targeted advertising” under applicable law.
If you are a Colorado, Delaware, Oregon, New Jersey, or Maryland resident you may, subject to applicable law, make the following requests:
1.     To know whether we process your Personal Information, and to access such Personal Information.
If you are an Oregon resident, you may also request that we disclose to you the following information:
a.     The categories of Personal Information we process about you; and
b.     The third parties to whom we have disclosed Personal Information.
If you are a Delaware or Maryland resident, you may also request that we disclose to you the categories of third parties to whom we disclosed your Personal Information.
2.     To correct inaccuracies in your Personal Information.
3.     To have your Personal Information deleted.
4.     To receive the specific pieces of your Personal Information, including a copy of your Personal Information in a portable format.
5.     To opt out of the “sale” of your Personal Information.
6.     To opt out of targeted advertising, including the “sharing” of your Personal Information for cross-context behavioral advertising.
You have the right not to be unlawfully discriminated against for exercising your privacy rights.
To make a request under #1-6, above, please contact us by email at
support@audubon.org
or by phone at 844-428-3826.   You may make a request on behalf of a child who is under 13 years old if you are the child’s parent or legal guardian.  We will respond to your request consistent with applicable law, taking into account the type and sensitivity of the Personal Information subject to the request.  We may decline to honor your request where an exception applies.  We may need to request your name and contact information in order to verify your identity and protect against fraudulent requests.  If you make a request on behalf of a child under 13 years old, we may request additional information to verify your relationship to the child. If you maintain a password-protected account with us, we may verify your identity through our existing authentication practices for your account and require you to re-authenticate yourself before disclosing or deleting your Personal Information.  If you make a request to delete, we may ask you to confirm your request before we delete your Personal Information.
To request to limit the use or disclosure of your Personal Information, please contact us by email at
support@audubon.org
or by phone at 844-428-3826.
Appeal Process
Consistent with applicable law, if we refuse to take action on your request, you may appeal this refusal within a reasonable period after you have received notice of the refusal.  You may file an appeal by contacting us by email at
support@audubon.org
or by phone at 844-428-3826
.
Authorized Agents
If an agent would like to make a request on behalf of a Colorado, Delaware, Oregon, New Jersey, or Maryland resident as permitted by applicable law, the agent may use the submission methods noted in the section entitled “Rights and Requests.” As part of our verification process, we may request that the agent provide, as applicable, proof concerning their status as an authorized agent. In addition, we may require that you verify your identity as described in the section entitled “Rights and Requests” or confirm that you provided the agent permission to submit the request.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION REGARDING USERS IN COLOMBIA
Audubon’s office in Colombia is responsible for the collection, processing, and protection of Personal Information of users in Colombia and can be contacted at:
Audubon Americas
Calle 93B No. 12-28, Edf Pluma, Ofc 203-204
Bogota, DC 110221, Colombia
Email address:
Contact.colombia@audubon.org
Phone: +57 601 5804117.
Depending on the circumstances and applicable legislation, users residing in Colombia have the right to:
Be informed by Audubon about the use of your Personal Information;
Provide prior, informed, and express consent to the collection of your Personal Information;
Request proof of your consent to the processing of Personal Information;
Request to access your Personal Information;
Request to update and correct your Personal Information when we have partial, inaccurate, incomplete, fragmented data, or data that leads to errors, or when the processing is expressly prohibited or you have not consented;
Request deletion of your Personal Information and/or revoke consent; and/or
Complaint to the Superintendence of Industry and Commerce (SIC) for violations of the regulations governing Personal Information.
To request to exercise your individual rights, please email us at Contact.colombia@audubon.org.
Unless we request it, we ask that you not send us, and you not disclose, any sensitive Personal Information (e.g., your image, voice, ethnicity, race, or religious affiliation) on or through the Services or otherwise to us.  If we request sensitive Personal Information, our collection and use of it will be based on your express consent.
Audubon does not knowingly collect Personal Information of children or adolescents under 18 years of age in Colombia.
Get Audubon in Your Inbox
Let us send you the latest in bird and conservation news.
Email
Zip
Phone (optional)
By submitting my mobile number I agree to receive periodic text messages from Audubon at 42248 about how I can help birds. Reply STOP to any message to unsubscribe. Message & data rates may apply.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google
Privacy Policy
and
Terms of Service
apply.