Jump to Accessibility
Jump to Content
Our Mobile Banking terms
Find our current Mobile Banking terms below. You can also view older terms in our
archive
.
1. INTRODUCTION
1.1 These Terms apply to the Mobile Banking service (
Mobile Banking
) and form part of the agreement between you and us, the National Westminster Bank Plc. (
NatWest
). The terms that apply to the account(s) you access through Mobile Banking (your
Account Terms
), also form part of our agreement. Your Account Terms include details of how payments are made and what happens if something goes wrong. For details on how we use your information, please see our
privacy policy
. It's important that you read this carefully together with these Terms.
If you ever need up-to-date copies of these Terms, please ask us and we'll give you a copy. You can also find them on our website.
1.2 If you have any questions about these Terms, please call us on 0345 366 0012 or by Relay UK on 18001 0345 366 0012 (+44 2381 244 177 from outside the UK). If there is any inconsistency between these Terms and your Account Terms, these Terms will apply.
2. OUR DETAILS
We're a member of the NatWest Group. For more information about our group of companies please visit the NatWest Group
website
or contact your branch.
3. THE SERVICE
3.1 You can only use Mobile Banking if:
you’re 11 or over
you’re registered for online banking
you have a valid mobile phone number
3.2 To use Mobile Banking you need to download the NatWest Mobile Banking application (the
App
). You can find further details on how to register and full details of the range of services available to you on our
website
. The services that are available to you may vary depending on the type of device you're using and the type of account you have.
3.3 You're responsible for ensuring that your device is capable of operating the App (which we'll update from time to time). We can't guarantee that we'll continue to support the operating system used by your device.
3.4 There may be times when the App, is unavailable for you to use due to maintenance, repairs or upgrades to our systems or the systems of any party we use to provide Mobile Banking. We'll aim to notify you in advance of any maintenance work but may not always be able to do so. Please contact us if you're unable to use the App and we'll do our best to help.
4. SECURITY
4.1 You must take all reasonable steps to keep your security details safe (including any passwords or log-in details)  and you must tell us as soon as possible if you think someone else might know your security details by calling 0345 366 0012 or by Relay UK on 18001 0345 366 0012 (+44 2381 244 177 from outside the UK) or by contacting your branch.
4.2
We'll never ask you to give your full security details to us or to any other person or organisation.
4.3 You must not leave the device you're using unattended while you're logged on to Mobile Banking and you must make sure that any information stored or displayed on your device is kept secure.
4.4 If your device is lost or stolen you must contact us as soon as possible by calling 0345 366 0012 or by Relay UK on 18001 0345 366 0012 (+44 2381 244 177 from outside the UK) or by contacting your branch.
4.5 You must delete the App from your device if you change your device or dispose of it.
5. INCORRECT OR UNAUTHORISED PAYMENTS
If you suspect that an incorrect or unauthorised payment has been made from your account, please contact us as soon as possible by calling 0345 366 0012 or by Relay UK on 18001 0345 366 0012 (+44 2381 244 177 from outside the UK) or contacting your branch. Please read your Account Terms for further information on incorrect and unauthorised payments.
6. YOUR CONTACT DETAILS
If your contact details (including your mobile phone number or email address) change, you should tell us as soon as you can.
7. INSTRUCTIONS
You're responsible for all instructions given through Mobile Banking, by you or anyone acting with your authority.
8. PAYMENTS
General
8.1 Your Account Terms explain how payments into and out of your account work. The section below contains information on Pay Your Contacts, which is a payment service that is specific to Mobile Banking and therefore isn't included in your Account Terms.
8.2 When you make a payment through Mobile Banking we'll make the payment using the Faster Payments Service if possible. If we can't use the Faster Payments Service we'll advise you of alternative ways to make the payment.
Pay Your Contacts
8.3 Pay Your Contacts allows to send money to a third party from your personal account by using the payee's mobile phone number, rather than their account number and sort code.
8.4 You can use this service to make payments to anyone who has registered to use Pay Your Contacts in the App.
8.5 To make a payment in this way, you need to give us:
the mobile phone number of the payee. (This is the information that we use to identify the payee); and
the amount of the payment in pounds sterling.
You're responsible for ensuring that these details are correct.
8.6 When you confirm the payee's mobile phone number and the amount of the payment this will be your payment instruction to us and the payment will be processed immediately.
8.7 We’ll send the payment to the account that the payee has registered to accept Pay Your Contacts payments.
8.8 Once you've asked us to make a payment you won't be able to cancel it. If you realise you've given us an incorrect mobile phone number or payment amount, you must tell us as soon as possible by calling 0345 366 0012 or by Relay UK on 18001 0345 366 0012 (+44 2381 244 177 from outside the UK). Where possible we'll try to recover the payment, but might not be able to do so. We won't be liable to you if we're unable to recover a payment in these circumstances.
8.9 We'll notify you within the App if we're unable to make a payment.
8.10 There's a daily limit and an individual transaction limit on payments sent using Pay Your Contacts. Details of these limits are available in our
FAQs
.
8.11 You can register to receive Pay Your Contacts payments in the App. You'll need to confirm your mobile number and select an eligible account to link to your mobile number. Once registered, the name on your account will be disclosed to any other person who enters your mobile number when using Pay Your Contacts.
Pay Your Contacts By Link & Pay Someone Using a Link
Pay Your Contacts by Link applies only to customers operating personal accounts. Pay Someone Using a Link applies only to customers operating business accounts.
8.12 Pay Your Contacts By Link allows you to send money to a third party from your personal account by generating a payment link and sending it to the payee via a Social Messaging Channel, without needing to use their account number and sort code. (Social Messaging Channels include, but are not limited to, SMS, WhatsApp, email, Facebook Messenger, X formerly known as Twitter, and Instagram). Pay Someone Using a Link allows you to do the same but from your business account.
8.13 You can use these services to make payments to anyone who has a smart phone and has access to Open Banking. (Open Banking means the UK’s Open Banking initiative, which NatWest is a participant in. You can find out more information about Open Banking at
www.openbanking.org.uk
).
8.14 To make a payment in this way, you need to:
Select the account from which you want to make the payment;
Enter the amount in pounds sterling;
Enter a payment reference;
Generate a payment link; and
Send the payment link to the payee via a Social Messaging Channel.
8.15 You are responsible for ensuring the recipient of the payment link and the amount of the payment are correct. You must not share payment links to group chats or shared inboxes.
8.16 By sending the payment link to the payee you are enabling them to receive a payment from you. However, the transaction will only be made once the payee activates the payment link and follows the necessary steps to accept the payment via Open Banking. Activation of the payment link by the payee will complete your payment instruction to us.
8.17 Payment links can only be used once and will automatically expire within 24 hours if not activated by the payee.
8.18 You can cancel a payment link at any time before it’s activated by the payee.
8.19 We won’t be responsible for any losses relating to any unpaid payments, delay in payments beyond our control or for payment links which are forwarded by the payee to alternative recipients.
8.20 Once a payment link has been activated by the payee you won't be able to cancel it. If you realise you've sent a payment link to an incorrect recipient or for an incorrect payment amount, you must tell us as soon as possible by calling 03457 888 444 or by Relay UK on 18001 03457 888 444 (+44 345 030 3605 from outside the UK) if you are operating a personal account.
0345 600 2230 or by Relay UK on 18001 0345 600 2230 (+44 1315 498 888 from outside the UK) if you are operating a business account.
Where possible we'll try to recover the payment, but we might not be able to do so. We won't be responsible for any losses you suffer if we're unable to recover a payment in these circumstances.
8.21 We'll notify you within the App if we're unable to make a payment.
8.22 There's a daily limit and an individual transaction limit on payments sent using Pay Your Contacts By Link & Pay Someone Using a Link. Details of these limits are available in our
FAQs
.
9. ADDING ACCOUNTS WITH OTHER BANKS
9.1 The “Accounts with other banks” function allows you to add accounts you hold with other UK banks (
Account Providers
), so you can view those other accounts on the App. The accounts you can add will be determined by your Account Provider and not by us.
9.2 If you decide to add another account to the App, you’ll be asked to verify yourself with your Account Provider. This means you’ll be taken to your Account Provider’s log in page and asked to log in in the usual way. You’ll then be brought back to the App, where the account information will be displayed. You’ll need to verify yourself this way every time you add a new account to the App.
9.3 We won’t see, store or use any of your log in details for any account you hold with an Account Provider. We’ll use and store the data we receive from your Account Provider in accordance with our
Account Aggregation Privacy Policy
.
9.4 If you add an account from an Account Provider to the App, you’re giving us permission to contact your Account Provider to request your account information. You’ll be asked to renew this permission every 90 days. If you don’t renew your permission every 90 days, we’ll stop requesting information from your Account Provider. You can choose to remove your permission at any time. If you remove your permission, we’ll stop requesting information from your Account Provider. Depending on your Account Provider, they may continue to send us your account information after we have stopped requesting it.
9.5 To keep the information on your accounts up to date, we’ll automatically refresh your account information periodically throughout the day. The time the information was last refreshed will be shown in the App. You can also manually refresh the information when you are in the App.
9.6 The information we can show you about your other accounts is limited to the information that your Account Provider gives us. We aren’t responsible for any inaccurate or incomplete information.
9.7 Your Account Provider may restrict our access to your account information for reasons out of our control. If this happens, you may not be able to view your account information on our App.
9.8 If you see any suspicious activity on your account held with your Account Provider, you should contact them directly and not us. We’re not able to pass any notifications about suspicious activity to your Account Provider on your behalf.
10. SPENDING
10.1 The “Spending” function allows you to see your transactions by category (for example, groceries) and will help to give you a better overall understanding of your spending.
10.2 Spending will analyse your existing account information and show you how your spending compares month on month. You can change the accounts you want Spending to analyse or the day of the month you want your analysis to start (for example, you might want it to start from the day you are paid each month) in the ‘Settings’ section of Spending. You will also be able to make some changes to how your transactions are categorised in ‘Settings’.
10.3 Spending will only allow you to view your NatWest accounts and not any other accounts you have added through “Accounts with other banks.”
10.4 Any information provided through insights or alerts from Spending is provided for information only and is designed to help you manage your finances. It is not financial, professional, legal or tax advice.
11. RECEIPTS
11.1 The ”Receipts” function allows you to capture and upload images of your paper receipts, or email copies of your receipts to a designated email address, and access them digitally through the App.
11.2 You should keep the original copy of any receipt you upload in case it’s required for any return, warranty, tax return or any other purpose that may arise. We will not be liable for any loss of receipt data or loss of access to uploaded receipts.
11.3 Your receipts may include personal information such as your name, partial card numbers, description of the goods and services, location of the merchant and other information.  They may also include sensitive personal information, for example, relating to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, trade union membership, physical or mental health conditions, sexual orientation, or information relating to actual or alleged criminal offences. By uploading receipts to the App, you consent to us holding this information, so it’s important that you review your receipts carefully before uploading them.
11.4 You’re responsible for the accuracy of your own accounting records and tax returns, which may use information from the receipt management tool.
12. DEPOSIT A CHEQUE
12.1 The “Deposit a Cheque” function allows you to pay a cheque into your account by capturing and uploading images of it through the App.
12.2 Only cheques in pounds sterling can be paid into your account using this service. Certain types of cheques can’t be paid in using this service, including Eurocheques, Traveller Cheques, Giro Credits and Convenience Cheques. More information can be found in the Frequently Asked Questions section of our
Support Centre
.
12.3 When you pay a cheque into your account before 6pm, the money will be in your account before 11:59pm the next business day at the latest. If you pay a cheque into your account after 6pm or on a non-business day, this process will begin on the next business day.
12.4 You must keep a paper copy of your cheque until the funds are showing as “available” in your account.
12.5 There are some circumstances where your cheque may not be accepted. These will be explained to you when you’re using the service and full information can be found in the Frequently Asked Questions section of our
Support Centre
.
12.6 If your cheque is not accepted you can take it to a branch. Where information is missing from your cheque you may be asked to request a new cheque or alternate method of payment from the payer.
12.7 There are limits on the individual value and total daily value of cheques that you can deposit.  These will be shown to you in the App when you use the service and can also be found in the Frequently Asked Questions section of our
Support Centre
.  These limits may vary from time to time.
12.8 You will not be charged for paying a cheque into your personal account. If you are paying a cheque into your Business Banking account, you will be charged in accordance with our standard Business Account Charges Booklet, a copy of which is available on our
website
.
13. CARBON FOOTPRINT TRACKER
13.1 The ‘Carbon Footprint Tracker’ function allows you to see how your spending contributes to your carbon footprint to help you make meaningful choices about your spending and lifestyle.
13.2 For this we have partnered with our trusted third party carbon footprint specialists and climate experts, CoGo (Connecting Good Limited (FC035290)).
13.3 The Carbon Footprint Tracker will securely send information about your spending (amount and merchant) to CoGo to analyse and apply a carbon footprint calculation to each transaction, which will make up your monthly carbon footprint score.  CoGo does this by analysing your anonymised outgoing transactions and matches them to industries (fashion, grocery, etc.). Then each transaction is multiplied by an Emissions Factor per industry to calculate the carbon footprint of that purchase in kilograms (kgs)of carbon dioxide/carbon dioxide equivalent (CO2/CO2e).
13.4 The information used to generate your carbon footprint is anonymised and we will not share your personal data with Cogo.
13.5 The Emissions Factor only represents the average emissions per transaction which means that the carbon dioxide calculation is an estimate and may not represent the true carbon footprint for each transaction. For example, a trip to a supermarket will on average produce 1.01 KG of CO2e per £ spent (less if you're a vegetarian).
13.6 The function will help you to switch your lifestyle choices by providing tips and recommendations of ways to reduce your carbon footprint.
13.7 If you no longer wish to track your carbon footprint, you can opt out in the app by going to Spending > Settings > Manage My footprint > and slide the toggle left to opt-out.
13.8 Data and insights gained from the Carbon Tracker will be used to shape future improvements to the tracker and the service we offer.
13.9 The Carbon Footprint tracker will only allow you to view your NatWest accounts and not any other accounts you have added through “Accounts with other Banks.”
13.10 The Carbon Footprint tracker is provided for your information only and is designed to help to understand and manage your carbon footprint.  We are not responsible for any inaccurate or incomplete information.
14. PAYIT – ASK FOR PAYMENT FOR BUSINESS ACCOUNTS
These terms only apply to customers operating a Business account with us (for example, a sole trader, a partnership or an incorporated company) who are requesting a payment to that Business account.
14.1 You are responsible for generating a Payit– Ask for Payment link request or QR code, including the amount of the request.
14.2 There are limits on the number and amount of payments for which you can generate a Payit – Ask for Payment link request or QR code.  These will be shown to you in the App when you use the service and can also be found in the Frequently Asked Questions section of our
website
. These limits may vary from time to time.
14.3 You must only send a Payit – Ask for Payment link request or QR code to a buyer where:
it is suitable and permitted under law to send a Payit – Ask for Payment link request or QR code to the buyer;
to the best of your knowledge, the buyer does not suffer from any disability or vulnerability which may interfere with the buyer’s ability to receive and/or use a Payit – Ask for Payment link request or QR code;
you have provided the buyer with a valid invoice, bill or other demand for payment for the goods and/or services to which the Payit – Ask for Payment link request or QR code relates; and
the buyer has agreed to receive the Payit – Ask for Payment link request or QR code.
14.4 You must not modify any Payit – Ask for Payment link requests or QR codes you receive from us.
14.5 Payments received into your Business account will be charged in accordance with our standard Business Account Charges Booklet, a copy of which is available on our
website
.
14.6 You must conduct regular checks to ensure that all relevant transactions and Payit – Ask for Payment link requests or QR codes have been processed correctly.
14.7 You must promptly provide to us on request any information relating to a transaction or any Payit – Ask for Payment link request or QR code.
14.8 Transaction processing
We will not process a transaction or provide a Payit – Ask for Payment link request or QR code where:
we are taking compliance steps (see below);
we suspect fraud or criminal activity; or
in relation to a purchase transaction, the buyer’s account provider does not process the payment
Compliance steps may include the investigation of transactions and Payit – Ask for Payment link requests or QR codes and making further enquiries as to whether any person or entity involved is suspected by us as being subject to national or international sanctions. We shall not be liable for any loss, liability or cost incurred by you as a result of us taking any compliance steps.
15. TYL BY NATWEST PAYMENT REQUESTS – FOR BUSINESS ACCOUNTS
These terms only apply to Tyl by NatWest customers operating a Business account with us (for example, a sole trader, a partnership or an incorporated company) that are making a request for payment to their Tyl by NatWest account through Mobile Banking using a payment link or QR code (
Tyl by NatWest Payment Request
).
15.1 By linking your Tyl by NatWest account within Mobile Banking in order to use Tyl by NatWest Payment Requests:
you acknowledge that the terms and conditions for accepting pay by link payments as set out in the merchant terms and conditions you have separately agreed to in relation to our acquiring services for card payments (the
Tyl by NatWest Merchant Terms and Conditions
) will apply to Tyl by NatWest Payment Requests. A copy of these can be found in the
Tyl by NatWest portal
;
you acknowledge that the Tyl by NatWest Payment Request service will replace your PayMe – Ask for Payment service within the App until you unlink your Tyl by NatWest account.
If there is an inconsistency between your Tyl by Natwest Merchant Terms and Conditions and those in this agreement, then your Tyl by Natwest Merchant Terms and Conditions will apply.
15.2 Payments received will be credited to your merchant settlement account and will be charged in accordance with the Tyl by NatWest Merchant Terms and Conditions.
15.3 By unlinking your Tyl by Natwest account within Mobile Banking you acknowledge that you will no longer be able to generate new Tyl by NatWest Payment Requests from the App. Historical information on any Tyl by NatWest Payment Requests generated in the App will be available via the
Tyl by NatWest portal
. Unlinking your Tyl by NatWest account does not cancel your Tyl by NatWest service. To cancel your Tyl by NatWest service please contact Tyl by NatWest directly. Contact details can be found in the
Tyl by NatWest portal
.
16. FREEAGENT
General
16.1 FreeAgent is an online accounting software package, owned by NatWest Group Plc.
16.2 These terms only apply to customers of FreeAgent operating a Business account with us (for example, a sole trader, a partnership or an incorporated company) who have connected to FreeAgent via Mobile Banking.
Managing connections
16.3 The FreeAgent function within Managing connections allows you to connect your App to your FreeAgent account. By connecting, you authorise NatWest Group Plc and FreeAgent to share your data (for example, your tax payments or your invoices) for the purposes of supporting you to manage your finances. For further information about how NatWest Group Plc manages your data please see our
privacy policy
.
16.4 You can choose to disconnect your App from FreeAgent within Managing Connections. This means your FreeAgent data will no longer be available in your App.
16.5 If any of your FreeAgent data is incorrect or not up to date in your App (for example, your invoice statuses or tax calculations), you should log into your FreeAgent account to verify the details are correct and access further help from FreeAgent.
Smart Tax Tool
16.6 Under “Know your tax”, the smart tax function allows you to view your upcoming taxes straight from your FreeAgent account to enable you to manage upcoming payments and actions (for example,. filing accounts).
16.7 The tax calculation feature is an estimate based on the information you’ve provided to FreeAgent and should be checked. It doesn’t take into account any adjustments held on your HMRC account.
16.8 Any information provided through insights or alerts from Know your Tax is provided for information only and is designed to help you manage your finances. It is not financial, professional, legal, accounting or tax advice. You’re responsible for the accuracy of your own accounting records and tax returns.
Invoices
16.9 The “View recent payment requests” function within Request Money allows you to view invoices generated through FreeAgent within Mobile Banking.
16.10 We may restrict the number of invoices displayed within Mobile Banking or the timeframe invoices are displayed for.
16.11 The “Send an invoice” function allows you to log into your connected FreeAgent account to generate a new invoice.
17. CHARGES
We don't currently charge you for Mobile Banking. However, your mobile phone network operator may charge you when using Mobile Banking and these charges may vary if you use your mobile phone to access Mobile Banking when outside the UK.
18. OUR LIABILITY
We won't be liable to refund you for any losses caused by circumstances beyond our control (i.e. the situation was abnormal or unforeseeable), for example, due to extreme weather, terrorist activity or industrial action.
19. VARIATION/TERMINATION
19.1 You're free to cancel Mobile Banking at any time. If you'd like to do this, please call us on 0345 366 0012 or by Relay UK on 18001 0345 366 0012 (+44 2381 244 177 from outside the UK) or, contact us on our webchat service on our
website
.
19.2 If you haven't used the App for 6 months your Mobile Banking access will be deactivated and you'll have to re-register in order to use Mobile Banking again.
19.3 We may suspend, restrict or end your use of Mobile Banking or any part of it where:
we reasonably believe that your security details haven't been kept safe;
we reasonably suspect that your security details have been used fraudulently or without your permission;
as a result of a change in the way you use your account(s) or in your financial circumstances, we reasonably believe that you may have difficulty in meeting your commitments;
we believe it's appropriate in order to protect your account(s);
you've broken any of the Licence Terms set out below.
We'll tell you before we take any of these steps and we'll explain why we've done so, unless we're unable to contact you or there's a legal reason or other circumstance beyond our control that stops us from doing so. If we can't get hold of you beforehand, we'll (where possible) tell you and explain our reasons afterwards.
19.4 We can also end your use of Mobile Banking or remove the App by giving you at least 60 days' notice.
19.5 If we have a valid reason for doing so, we may change these Terms (which may include introducing charges for Mobile Banking). If we need to update the Terms to introduce a new feature into the App, which does not change the Terms relating to any existing features, we may do so immediately and will tell you as soon as we can afterwards. If we make any other change to the Terms, we’ll give you at least 60 days' notice before it takes effect.
We'll tell you about any changes by:
notifying you within the App;
sending a text message (to the mobile phone number you gave us);
sending an email (to the email address you gave us);
delivering a secure message to online banking; or
sending you notice by post.
We'll assume that you've accepted the changes unless you uninstall the App or tell us that you'd like to cancel Mobile Banking before the change takes effect.
20. LICENCE TERMS
20.1 When you download the App we automatically give you a non-transferable, non-exclusive right to use the App (the Licence) provided that you agree to the following:
you can only use the App on a registered device belonging to you or under your control. You'll need to register each additional or replacement device separately;
you can only use the App for Mobile Banking and for no other purpose;
the right to use the App is given only to you and you must not give any rights of use or any other rights in respect of the App to any other person or organisation;
you must not copy, reproduce, alter, modify or adapt the App or any part of it;
you must not analyse or reverse engineer the App or any part of it;
you must not remove or tamper with any copyright notice attached to or contained within the App and you agree that all ownership of the App, including all relevant intellectual property rights, remains with us;
if your right to use Mobile Banking is terminated all rights given to you in respect of the App will end immediately.
20.2 The Licence includes the right to use any future updates to the App that we make available to you.
20.3 We're solely responsible for the App and its content. If you have any questions or complaints or need any support in relation to the App please call us on 0345 366 0012 or by Relay UK on 18001 0345 366 0012 (+44 2381 244 177 from outside the UK).
20.4 If any third party claims that the App infringes their intellectual property rights, we'll be solely responsible for dealing with the claim.
20.5 We'll assume that you've accepted the terms of the Licence by installing the App on your device and the Licence will continue until you cancel Mobile Banking and/or delete the App or if we end your use of Mobile Banking under Term 17. If the Licence is terminated for any reason you must uninstall the App and destroy all copies of it.
We are authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority. We are entered on the Financial Services Register and our registration number is 121878.
National Westminster Bank Plc. Registered in England and Wales No. 929027. Registered Office: 250 Bishopsgate, London, EC2M 4AA.
Back to top