In order to give you a better service our website uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our
use of cookies
.
OK
Bitte aktivieren Sie JavaScript um alle Funktionen auf unserer Webseite nutzen zu können.
IOS
iPhone
iPad
ANDROID
KINDLE
0
Item(s)
Thank you very much for using application software published by USM, along with the potential services related to that software. The Privacy Policy terms stated below describe what data is collected during the use of some of our applications.
We appreciate your confidence. We always employ extreme diligence to implement the highest security standards that ensure your personal data are protected from any unauthorized access.
Terms of Use
United Soft Media Verlag GmbH – hereinafter referred to as "USM" – grants you the single, non-exclusive right to use the software on your individual device for your personal use only.
The term "software" comprises the complete application, along with all its individual elements, in particular the program itself, and other contents such as texts, images, information, or similar elements, as well as any updates provided by USM.
Warranty
We herewith inform you that – based on the current technical conditions – we produce software that aims for running error-free in the greatest possible configurations and applications. Thus, we warranty the software that is used according to the description of the product, in its intended purpose, in its up-to-date version on the designated device for the market purpose.
Privacy Notice
1. Data protection at a glance
General information
The following information provides a simple overview about what happens with your personal data when using our App.  Personal data are all data that may identify you.  For detailed information on the topic of data protection, please read our Privacy Notice below.
How we collect your data
Data are collected automatically by our IT systems or service providers when you use our App.Such data include, for example, technical data (e.g. IP address or the time the page was accessed).These data are collected automatically as soon as you use our App.
Data you submit to us, for example in the course of your registration.
Data collected by the App due to permissions on your mobile device.
How we use your data
We collect data to ensure that the contents of the App are provided flawlessly.  Furthermore, they are collected to guarantee the operation, maintenance and optimization of both the related online platform and the App.
Your rights regarding your personal data
You have the right to receive information about the origin, the recipients and the purpose of your personal data stored with us.  This information may be requested at any time and free of charge.  Furthermore, you have the right to request rectification, blocking or erasure of these data. If you would like to exercise any of the aforementioned rights or have any further questions concerning the topic of data protection, you may always get in touch with us using the address stated in the Legal Notice.  Moreover, you are entitled to file a complaint with the competent supervisory authority.
2. General information and mandatory information
Data protection
This Privacy Notice applies to the "CATAN CLASSIC" mobile App for iOS, FireOS and Android (hereinafter referred to as "App").  It explains the method, purpose and scope of the data collection in connection with the use of the App.  We take the protection of your personal data very seriously.  We treat your personal data as confidential as well as in compliance with the statutory data protection regulations and this Privacy Notice.
Different personal data are collected when you use this App.  Personal data are data that may identify you.  The present Privacy Notice contains explanations on the data we collect and why we use them.  Furthermore, it explains the purpose of this collection.
We point out that online data transmission can be subject to security loopholes.  It is not possible to fully protect your data from being accessed by third parties.
Information regarding the party responsible
The party responsible for data protection is
United Soft Media Verlag GmbH
Thomas-Wimmer- Ring 11
80539 Munich
Germany
("
USM
" or "
we
") and those companies affiliated with USM that obtained your consent to using your personal data.
The party responsible for data protection is the natural person or legal entity that decides, either solely or jointly with others, upon the purposes and means of the processing of personal data (e.g. names, email addresses or the like).
Revocation of your consent to data processing
Data processing operations cannot be performed unless you have given your explicit consent.  You may always revoke any consent you have given.  All you have to do is delete the respective app. The lawfulness of the data processing that occurred before submission of your revocation remains unaffected.
Right to file a complaint with the competent supervisory authority
In the event of any infringements of the data protection regulations, the data subject has the right to file a complaint with the competent supervisory authority.  The supervisory authority responsible for issues concerning data protection matters is the Federal Data Protection Officer of the federal state in which our company has its registered office.  A list of all Data Protection Officers and their contact details is available at:
https://www.bfdi.bund.de/DE/Infothek/Anschriften_Links/anschriften_links-node.html
.
3. Data collection in connection with the use of the App / processing and use of your data
In connection with the use of the App, personal data are collected primarily in the following manner:
Data submitted by you, e.g. in the course of your registration or when submitting a request directly to us.
Your data are collected automatically by our systems or the service providers commissioned by us, e.g. analysis data for usage statistics or debugging.
Your data are collected due to the permissions required by this App and granted to us.
3.1 Registration and performance of mediation contracts
Within the scope required for the purpose of the registration and the performance of mediation contracts, we collect, process and use the personal data submitted to us on a voluntary basis in connection with your registration as a Catan Classic user and by completing your account information:
Data you submit when creating an account, or at the latest when making a purchase (e.g. name, email address, telephone number, cell phone number and mailing address).
We collect, process and use transaction data relating to your app activities
Connection and usage data of the respective client software
Further personal data requested by us or provided by you, e.g. in the context of a support request.
Whenever you provide us with further personal data, either in connection with your registration or on a voluntary basis subsequent to it, these data will also be used for performing the contractual relationship.All personal data collected during and after your registration will be stored as personalized data for as long as the user registration is active.After that, when requested by the user, they will be stored in an anonymized form.This is subject to our General Terms and Conditions of Use.Statutory retention periods remain unaffected.
3.2 Establishment of contact
If users submit personal data for the purpose of getting in touch with them, these data will only be stored for as long as required for the purposes of communication, customer contact and project planning/implementation.
The data that are submitted during the registration and when getting in touch with us are stored on the basis of your consent (Art. 6 Sec. 1 lit. a GDPR).  You can always revoke any consent you have given.  All you have to do is email us an informal notification.  The lawfulness of the processing that occurred before submission of your revocation remains unaffected.
The data collected during the registration and when getting in touch with us will be stored for as long as you are registered on our website.  Afterwards, they will be erased or, where applicable, anonymized if deletion is impossible.  Statutory retention periods remain unaffected.
3.3 Data collected automatically by our systems or the service providers commissioned by us
Usage data for using the App
Unique device IDs (e.g. IDFV for iOS devices and Android ID for Android devices)
IP address, country of installation (from the IP address) and language
Device manufacturer, type of design pattern (iOS, Android, Mac, Windows etc.) and operating system
Application or bundle ID ("App ID") of the product installed
Unique advertising IDs for iOS and Android devices (e.g. IDFA or Android Ad ID)
Downloaded contents / packages with assignment of IP addresses
IP addresses will be stored for 6 months and then deleted.  Usage data will be stored for a longer period of time when available in an aggregated and anonymized form.
The collection of these data occurs for the purposes of operating and optimizing the App and on the basis of Art. 6 Sec. 1 lit. f GDPR, which permits the processing of data when necessary for the fulfillment of a contract or precontractual measures and the purposes of legitimate interests.
3.3.1 Crashlyctics
We use Crashlytics, a service provided by Google (Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA), to collect information on errors and crashes that may occur in our iOS and Android apps.  It allows us to improve the stability and quality of our apps.  We do not use any Crashlytics services that require personal data.  The non-personal information transmitted by our apps is saved on Crashlytics servers in the USA.  Further information on data protection with regard to Crashlytics is available at http://try.crashlytics.com/terms/.
Crashlytics analyzes the user and system data on the basis of Art. 6 Sec. 1 lit. f GDPR.  The party responsible has a legitimate interest in analyzing the error-free function of their App.
3.3.2 Fabric
We use Fabric Answers, an analysis service provided through Crashlytics by Google (Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA).  This service is used to analyze mobile apps and can collect different information via your telephone.  Details on this information are described in the Terms of Service for Fabric Answers (https://fabric.io/terms?utm_campaign=answers-marketing&utm_medium=natural).
To perform the Fabric Answers service, this App uses, in particular, app identifiers for mobile devices (including Android Advertising ID and/or Advertising Identifier for iOS) and technologies similar to cookies.  Personal data collected: cookie, unique device ID for advertising (Google Advertising ID or, e.g., IDFA) and usage data. Fabric Answers may use data along with other tools provided by Fabric/Crashlytics.  Users can check this Privacy Notice for a detailed explanation of the other tools used by the proprietor.
Further information on the use of data by Google is contained in Google's third-party policy (https://www.google.com/intl/de/policies/privacy/partners/).
Users can change the corresponding settings of their mobile devices to disable certain Fabric Answers functions, e.g. by adjusting the ad settings for mobile devices or, where applicable, by following the instructions given in other sections of this Privacy Notice.
Fabric analyzes the user and system data on the basis of Art. 6 Sec. 1 lit. f GDPR.  The party responsible has a legitimate interest in analyzing the error-free function of their App.
3.3.3 Apple AppAnalytics (for iOS devices)
App Analytics is an analysis service provided by Apple Inc. (Apple Inc., Infinite Loop, Cupertino, CA 95014, USA).
We use App Analytics, an analysis service provided by Apple.  This service is used to analyze mobile apps in an anonymized form.  It may collect various statistical data on the use of the App.
https://developer.apple.com/app-store/app-analytics/
The service collects statistical, anonymous data on the use (e.g. duration and frequency of use) and performance of the App (e.g. error analysis) as well as for the purpose of user acquisition (e.g. affiliate programs).  Apple Inc., Infinite Loop, Cupertino, CA 95014, USA.
The user behavior is analyzed on the basis of Art. 6 Sec. 1 lit. f GDPR.  The party responsible has a legitimate interest in analyzing the user behavior for the purpose of optimizing their offer.
3.3.4 Google Play Developer Console statistics (for Android devices)
Google
Play Developer
Console is an analysis service provided by Google (Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA).
Google
Play Developer
Console is an analysis service provided by Google Inc. ("Google").  Google uses the collected data to track and analyze how Catan Classic is used, to create reports on your activities and to use these along with other Google services.
The service uses statistical, anonymous data on the use (e.g. duration and frequency of use) and performance of the App (e.g. crash logs for error analysis) as well as device data. The user behavior is analyzed on the basis of Art. 6 Sec. 1 lit. f GDPR.  The party responsible has a legitimate interest in analyzing the user behavior for the purpose of optimizing their offer.
3.3.5 Amazon Developer Console Analytics
Determines the implementation and use of the App.  Amazon records how your customers use your applications.  Moreover, it collects information on the devices used by your customers and on the attributes defined by you.
https://aws.amazon.com/de/mobileanalytics/
The user behavior is analyzed on the basis of Art. 6 Sec. 1 lit. f GDPR.  The party responsible has a legitimate interest in analyzing the user behavior for the purpose of optimizing their offer.
3.3.6 Development
We work together with Endava GmbH for the development of the app, the management of player accounts, the implementation of multiplayer games and other backend systems in the game Catan Classic. The creation of a user account is voluntary, but is a technical requirement for the use of online multiplayer games. The user data entered there is used exclusively for this purpose.
We have concluded a data processing contract with Endava GmbH (Eschersheimer Landstraße 14, D-60322 Frankfurt am Main). Endava guarantees compliance with the data protection guidelines from the General Data Protection Regulation. Data processing is carried out on the basis of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR. The controller has a legitimate interest in collecting the data in order to enable or optimize its services.
3.4 Data collected due to the permissions required by this App and granted to us
To provide our services via the App, we need the permissions listed below.  These allow us to access certain functions of your device.  We cannot access these data unless you have given your explicit consent (opt-in). You may grant these permissions in the course of installation.  Thus, these data are processed exclusively on the basis of your consent (Art. 6 Sec. 1 lit. a GDPR).
3.5 Permissions granted to our App
The CATAN CLASSIC App has access to
Gallery/media/files/storage
WLAN connection information
Access to your storage (gallery/media/files)
Reason: The contents you selected in the App and the files created either by you or automatically by the game (e.g. saved game scores) will be saved on your device, which is why the App requires access to your media storage.
It is not possible to access the media storage of your device unless you have given your consent.  Thus, the access occurs on the basis of your consent (Art. 6 Sec. 1 lit. a GDPR).
This consent may be revoked at any time.
How to revoke your permission when using Android:
1. Tap on
Settings
2. Tap on
Permissions
3. Tap on
Storage
4. Scroll to
CATAN CLASSIC APP
and disable / revoke the permission
How to revoke your permission when using iOS:
1. Tap on
Settings
2. Tap on
Privacy
3. Tap on
Storage
4. Scroll to
CATAN CLASSIC APP
and disable / revoke the permission
How to revoke your permission when using FireOS:
It is not possible to revoke any permission when using FireOS.  Please uninstall the App for this purpose.
3.6 Support
Our customer support is provided in cooperation with our partner, Marko Schmidt IT Dienstleistungen.
Teleperformance - Majorel Dortmund GmbH
Grasweg 29
31832 Springe
We have entered into a data processing agreement with Teleperformance - Majorel Dortmund GmbH. Teleperformance - Majorel Dortmund GmbH guarantees compliance with the privacy guidelines under the General Data Protection Regulation.
4.1 General information on how to manage and revoke app permissions
When using Android
When using Android, you can manage, revoke and grant app permissions at any time.
Tap on Settings
Tap on Apps
Scroll to and tap on our App
Tap on Permissions.The App's current permissions will be displayed.  Move the slider of the respective permission to the left to revoke it.  If you want to grant the permission again, move the slider to the right.
When using iOS
When using iOS, you can manage, revoke and grant app permissions at any time.
Tap on Settings
Scroll to our App
Tap on it
The App's current permissions will be displayed.  Move the slider of the respective permission to the left to revoke it.  If you want to grant the permission again, move the slider to the right
When using FireOS
It is not possible to revoke any permission when using FireOS.  Please uninstall the App for this purpose.
5. Data retention
Physical and technical measures as well as procedural measures are used to protect all data stored with USM from being accessed by unauthorized third parties.  Access to the information is limited to specifically authorized persons in compliance with this Privacy Notice.
Your data will only be retained for as long as necessary for the processing of your order and the purposes stated in this Privacy Notice and/or for as long as we are required and/or allowed to retain your data under statutory or legal provisions.
6. In-app purchases
In-app purchases are possible with Catan Classic.  Payment is made via the account associated with the respective Store (Apple, Google, Amazon).
We can assign these purchases to your user account. Information on how to prevent in-app purchases is provided by your App Store. In-app purchases are offered and collected on the basis of legitimate interests (Art. 6 lit. f GDPR).  The operator has a legitimate interest in marketing their offer.
6.
Mandatory appointment of a Data Protection Officer
We have appointed a Data Protection Officer for our company.
Fabian Henkel
Diplom-Betriebswirt (FH)
Kantstraße 14
71277 Rutesheim
Tel.:: +49(0)71632744172
Email: info(at)externer-datenschutzbeauftragter-stuttgart.de
Updated in May 2018
USM on:
FACEBOOK
NEWS
YOUTUBE
© Copyright 2025 USM All rights reserved
Systemcookies
(always required)
↓
1 service
Unsere System Cookies
(always required)
purpose: Systemcookies
Statistics
↓
1 service
Google Analytics
Sammeln von Besucherstatistiken
purpose: Statistics