EHB Privacy Policy
EYE HANDBOOK LICENSE AGREEMENT
Use of Your Eye Handbook is contingent upon acceptance of the terms and
                    conditions provided herein. As used throughout this Agreement, "Effective Date" shall mean the date
                    upon which you indicate electronic acceptance to this Agreement with Cloud Nine Development, LLC
                    ("Cloud Nine").
PLEASE READ THIS AGREEMENT CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THE SERVICES OFFERED
                    BY CLOUD NINE. BY INDICATING ELECTRONIC ACCEPTANCE OF THIS AGREEMENT, YOU AGREE TO FOLLOW AND BECOME
                    BOUND BY IT. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT, YOU WILL NOT
                    HAVE ANY RIGHT TO USE THE SERVICES OFFERED BY CLOUD NINE. CLOUD NINE'S ACCEPTANCE IS EXPRESSLY
                    CONDITIONED UPON YOUR ASSENT TO ALL THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT. IF THIS AGREEMENT IS
                    CONSIDERED AN OFFER BY CLOUD NINE, ACCEPTANCE IS EXPRESSLY LIMITED TO THESE TERMS.
Cloud Nine is the sole and exclusive owner of CloudNineSilver.com and
                    CloudNineDevelopment.com (the "Sites"), Your Eye Handbook-a mobile application interface that is
                    designed for and intended to be published on Apple iTunes application store and/or Google Android
                    Market-(the "Application"), and certain services that relate to facilitating the production and
                    customization of the Application and assisting in the process of establishing and maintaining
                    certain relationships with Apple, Inc. and/or Google, Inc. (the "Services"), which Services are
                    available to User in accordance with the terms of the license provided hereunder. User wishes to
                    obtain a license from Cloud Nine to use the Sites, Application, and Services to have the Application
                    made available to User and User's clients, customers, and patients, as appropriate. Cloud Nine
                    desires to make the Sites, Application, and Services available to User for such use.
In consideration of the promises and agreements set forth herein, and
                    for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby
                    acknowledged, the parties, each intending legally to be bound, promise and agree as follows:
Cloud Nine hereby grants to User, for the term of this Agreement the
                    non-transferable, non-exclusive right and license to use the Sites, Application, and Services,
                    subject to User’s compliance with the provisions hereof.  As consideration for the
                    license contemplated hereunder, User agrees to pay to Cloud Nine a non-refundable set-up fee and a
                    reoccurring monthly fee.
1. DEFINITIONS.
For purposes of this Agreement, the terms “we,” “us,”
                    “our,” and other first person personal pronouns refer to Cloud Nine and its successors,
                    affiliates, subsidiaries, and assigns.  The terms “You,” “your,” and
                    other second person personal pronouns and the term “User” refer to you as a user of the
                    Sites, Application, and Services.  The terms “Content Provider” and “Content
                    Providers” refer to any person, firm, corporation, or other entity that supplies content to
                    us.  A User, such as you, may also furnish content; however, for purposes of this Agreement,
                    you will not be considered a Content Provider.
2.  SERVICES.
Cloud Nine may provide Services to the User.  Cloud Nine may change, suspend, or
                    discontinue the Services (or User’s access thereto), including the availability of any
                    feature, mobile application, mobile application template, Services, or Content (as defined below),
                    without notice or liability.  Cloud Nine reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to refuse
                    to allow access to the Services to any User at any time.  Cloud Nine reserves the right, in its
                    sole discretion, unilaterally to modify this Agreement at any time.  Cloud Nine is under no
                    obligation to provide technical support for the Services, use of the Sites, or use of the
                    Application at any time.
(a)  Registration and
                            Security.
As a condition to using the Services, User may be required
                    to register with Cloud Nine, to select a password, and to enter User’s email address
                    (“Cloud Nine User ID”). User shall provide Cloud Nine with accurate, complete, and
                    updated registration information.  Failure to do so shall constitute a breach of this
                    Agreement, which may result in immediate termination of this Agreement and User’s account.
                    User may not (i) select or use as a Cloud Nine User ID, a name of another person with the intent to
                    impersonate that person or (ii) use as a Cloud Nine User ID a name subject to any rights of a person
                    other than User without appropriate authorization.  Cloud Nine reserves the right to refuse
                    registration of, or cancel a Cloud Nine User ID in its sole discretion. User shall be responsible
                    for maintaining the confidentiality of User’s Cloud Nine password.
(b)  Equipment and Ancillary
                            Services.
User shall be responsible for obtaining and maintaining any
                    equipment or ancillary services needed to connect to or to access the Sites or otherwise to use the
                    Services, including, without limitation, hardware devices, software, and other Internet, wireless,
                    broadband, phone, or other communication device connection services. User shall be responsible for
                    ensuring that such equipment or ancillary services are compatible with the Sites and the Services
                    and User shall be responsible for all charges incurred in connection with all such equipment and
                    ancillary services, including any fees charged for airtime usage and sending and receiving messages
                    or related notifications.
(c)  No
                            Ownership.
No ownership rights are transferred by way of this license
                    agreement. User does not acquire or maintain ownership rights in or to any content, document, code,
                    name of the Application or other materials viewed through the Application or from posting
                    information or materials displayed on or through the Application. With the exception of content
                    purchased from third party entities, user may view, print, or download content displayed on or
                    through the Application, but only for User’s own business or professional use and not for any
                    other purpose whatsoever.  User represents and warrants that the Application, the Sites, and
                    the Services are to be used solely for business or professional purposes and not for personal,
                    family, household, or agricultural use.  The use or display of any such material on any other
                    application or networked computer environment is prohibited.
(d)  Copyright and
                            Trademarks.
The content provided by Cloud Nine in the Application and
                    on the Sites, including (without limitation) its selection and organization, graphics, design, and
                    compilation are protected under applicable copyright laws.  “Your Eye Handbook” and
                    other marks used in connection with the Application are owned by Cloud Nine.  Other products,
                    company names, and content displayed on or through the Application may, in some cases, be the
                    trademarks or copyrights of third parties and are used, when applicable, with permission.  The
                    copying, distribution, public display, modification, or other use by User of the Application and the
                    Sites and all content displayed on or through the Application and the Sites, except as specifically
                    permitted by this Agreement, is strictly prohibited – in the absence of the advance, written
                    permission of an officer of Cloud Nine.  In the event you are granted written permission to
                    copy, transmit, publish, or link any material found in the Application or on the Sites, you may not
                    make any changes or deletions and you must attribute Cloud Nine Development, LLC as the source of
                    the material.
(e)  As part of the Services that Cloud Nine provides to User,
                    Cloud Nine may establish and maintain a license agreement, on behalf of User, with Apple, Inc.
                    and/or Google, Inc., to have the Application published and made available via the Apple iTunes
                    application store and/or the Google Android Market. For the purposes identified in this section
                    2(e), User appoints Cloud Nine to be its agent, with full power of attorney, and User acknowledges
                    and agrees that: (i) any information provided to Cloud Nine may be shared with Apple, Inc. and/or
                    Google, Inc.; and (ii) Cloud Nine may set up an email account on behalf of User. In the event that
                    User enters into a license agreement with Apple, Inc. and/or Google, Inc. (whether on User’s
                    own or on User’s behalf by Cloud Nine), User shall be responsible for the payment of any costs
                    associated therewith, including, for example, costs associated with any other applications, changes
                    or modifications to the Application, or ongoing periodic renewals. User has read and agrees to the
                    terms and conditions required of Apple, Inc. and Google, Inc., respectively. User shall agree to any
                    updates or modifications to the terms and conditions required of Apple, Inc. or Google, Inc.
                    (“Updated Apple/Google Terms”) and authorizes Cloud Nine to accept on User’s
                    behalf any and all Updated Apple/Google Terms. User shall immediately notify Cloud Nine if User no
                    longer accepts any Updated Apple/Google Terms.
(f) The web links provided at the Sites, and below, identifying certain
                    terms and conditions required of Apple, Inc. and Google, Inc. are provided as a courtesy to User,
                    nevertheless, Cloud Nine shall not be responsible for notifying User of any Updated Apple/Google
                    Terms. Furthermore, Cloud Nine makes no representation or warranty regarding the web links provided
                    below, as to operability, functionality, completeness, and/or accuracy.
http://www.android.com/us/developer-distribution-agreement.html
http://developer.android.com/license.html
http://code.google.com/android/c2dm/terms.html
http://www.apple.com/legal/
http://developer.apple.com/programs/terms/registered_apple_developer_20100301.pdf
{Link to Apple iOS Developer Program License Agreement}
3.  FEES.
As consideration for the licenses granted hereunder, User agrees to pay to Cloud Nine the fees
                    set forth herein.  Unless otherwise stated, all fees are quoted in U.S. Dollars and all
                    reoccurring fees shall be paid by credit card.  User shall complete a credit card
                    authorization.  Cloud Nine reserves the right to change its price list and to institute new
                    charges at any time, upon prior notice to User, which may be sent by e-mail or posted on the Sites.
                     User is responsible for paying all fees and applicable taxes associated with the Services in a
                    timely manner with a valid payment method. If User’s payment method fails or if User’s
                    account is past due, Cloud Nine may collect fees owed using (without limitation) collection agencies
                    and legal counsel, and the cost thereof shall be added to all amounts otherwise owed to Cloud Nine.
4.  TERM.
(a)  Initial
                            Term.
This Agreement shall be in effect commencing on the Effective
                    Date (the “Commencement Date”), and shall extend therefrom, unless sooner terminated (as
                    provided herein), for an initial term of one (1) month (the “Initial Term”).
(b)  Renewal
                            Term.
At the end of the Initial Term, provided User is not then in
                    breach of any of the provisions of this Agreement, the licenses granted hereunder will automatically
                    renew for an additional one-month term (the “Renewal Term”), unless, Cloud Nine or User
                    furnishes to the other a written notice of non-renewal, which notice shall terminate this Agreement
                    and the obligations arising hereunder after 30 days.  Unless sooner terminated (as provided
                    herein), this Agreement shall automatically renew for successive additional one-month terms.
                    Throughout this Agreement, the Initial Term and the Renewal Terms shall be referred to collectively
                    as the “Term” of the Agreement.
5.  CONTENT AND
                            CUSTOMIZATION.
Users will access the Sites to upload user content to
                    the Application.  Such content may include (without limitation):  pictures, logos, names,
                    e-mail addresses, phone numbers, fax numbers, specialties, locations, slogans, physical addresses,
                    missions, general information, history, accepted insurance plans, services, educational information,
                    research studies, practice news, testimonials, feedback, appointment information, medication refill
                    information, test result information, referrals, contacts, alarms, note takers, calendars, and other
                    various interactive options (“User Content”).  The customization permitted includes
                    primarily User Content to be uploaded at specific points within a template we furnish for you.
(a)  No
                            Control.
User acknowledges and agrees that Cloud Nine has no special
                    relationship with or fiduciary duty to User and that Cloud Nine has no control over (and is merely a
                    passive conduit with respect to), and no duty to take any action regarding: (i) the Content User
                    makes available, publishes, or promotes in connection with its use of the Application and the Sites;
                    (ii) which of User’s end users, clients, and customers (“End Users”) gain access
                    to the Application; (iii) what effects, if any, Content may have on User or End Users; (iv) how User
                    or End Users interpret, view, or use the Content; (v) what actions User or End Users may take as a
                    result of having been exposed to the Content, or (vi) whether Content is being displayed properly in
                    connection with the Services.
(b)  Additions.
Cloud Nine may add phrases such as “powered by” Cloud Nine including
                    buttons calling for actions, text, splash screens, and any other marketing items to the Application.
(c)  Links to Other
                            Applications and Websites.
The Application may contain links to other
                    applications and websites.  Cloud Nine is not responsible for the content, accuracy, or
                    opinions expressed in such applications or websites.  Cloud Nine does not warrant that such
                    links are current or operational, and such applications and websites may not be investigated,
                    monitored, or checked for accuracy or completeness by Cloud Nine on an ongoing basis.
                     Inclusion of any linked website on the Application does not imply approval or endorsement of
                    the linked website by Cloud Nine.
(d)
                             Customization.
The customization permitted is limited as
                    permitted in our available template or templates.  We may consider further customization;
                    however, such additional customization will require a separate customization agreement and separate
                    consideration.
(e)
                             Restrictions.
User warrants, represents, and agrees that it will
                    not contribute, submit, or make available through the use of the Services any User Content that is
                    infringing, libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, abusive, offensive, or that otherwise
                    violates any law or right of any third party, including (without limitation) any right of privacy or
                    publicity . Cloud Nine reserves the right to remove any content (User Content or otherwise) from the
                    Sites at any time, or to terminate User’s right to use the Services or access the Sites, for
                    any reason (including, but not limited to, upon receipt of claims or allegations from third parties
                    or authorities relating to such Content or if Cloud Nine is concerned that User may have breached
                    the terms of this paragraph), or for no reason at all, subject to the provisions of Section 10
                    (“Termination”).  User is responsible for all of its activity in connection with
                    the Services and accessing the Sites. User may not post or transmit, or cause to be posted or
                    transmitted, any communication or solicitation designed or intended to obtain, without full
                    disclosure and proper authorization, account or private information from any person.  User sha
                    ll not use any part of the Sites or Services to violate the security of any computer network, crack
                    passwords, or security encryption codes, or to transfer or store material that is deemed threatening
                    or obscene, or to engage in any kind of illegal activity.
6.  WARRANTIES AND
                            DISCLAIMERS
(a)  GENERAL
THE SERVICES, APPLICATION, AND SITES ARE FURNISHED “AS IS,” “WITH ALL
                    FAULTS,” AND “AS AVAILABLE.”  CLOUD NINE AND THE CONTENT PROVIDERS MAKE NO
                    WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE AVAILABILITY, FUNCTIONALITY, OR
                    OPERABILITY OF THE SERVICES, APPLICATION, OR THE SITES OR TO THE ACCURACY, CORRECTNESS, OR
                    COMPLETENESS  OF THE INFORMATION FURNISHED BY OR THROUGH THE APPLICATION OR THE SITES OR THE
                    DATA FROM WHICH SUCH INFORMATION IS COMPILED.  MOREOVER, CLOUD NINE SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS THE
                    IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
                     NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY YOU FROM US THROUGH THE
                    SERVICES, APPLICATION, SITES, OR OTHERWISE SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY, REPRESENTATION, OR GUARANTEE
                    NOT EXPRESSLY STATED IN THIS AGREEMENT.  ALTHOUGH WE WILL EMPLOY COMMERCIALLY REASONABLE
                    MEASURES TO DETECT AND REMOVE SO-CALLED VIRUSES, EASTER EGGS, TROJAN HORSES, TIME BOMBS, OR OTHER
                    INTENTIONALLY DISRUPTIVE, DESTRUCTIVE, OR DISABLING CODE (“VIRUSES”), WE DO NOT WARRANT
                    THAT THE APPLICATION OR THE SITES WILL BE FREE OF VIRUSES.
(b)  USE.
USERS ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR THE USE OF THE SERVICES, APPLICATION, AND SITES.  BY
                    INDICATING ELECTRONIC ACCEPTANCE TO THIS AGREEMENT, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE TO THE FOREGOING
                    WARRANTY DISCLAIMER AND THAT YOU USE THE SERVICES, APPLICATION, AND SITES AND THE INFORMATION
                    FURNISHED ON OR THROUGH THE APPLICATION AND SITES AT YOUR OWN RISK.  Additionally, as a
                    condition of the grant of the license provided hereunder, you agree not to use the Application or
                    the Sites for any purpose other than that permitted under this Agreement or for any purpose that is
                    unlawful or prohibited by this Agreement.  You may not use the Application or the Sites in any
                    manner that could damage, disable, or impair the Application or the Sites, their availability and
                    functionality, or the use or enjoyment of the Application and the Sites by others.  You may not
                    attempt to gain unauthorized access or any access beyond your rights as granted herein to any
                    component of the Application, the Sites, or any content otherwise available on or through the
                    Application or the Sites by hacking, password mining, or any other means.  You may not obtain
                    or attempt to obtain any content or information through any means not explicitly and intentionally
                    made available through the Application or the Sites. WITHOUT LIMITING ANY OTHER PROVISION OF THIS
                    AGREEMENT, CLOUD NINE RESERVES THE RIGHT TO, IN ITS SOLE DISCRETION AND WITHOUT NOTICE OR LIABILITY,
                    DENY ACCESS TO, AND USE OF, THE SERVICES, APPLICATION AND/OR SITES.
(c)  Electronic
                            Communications Privacy Act Notice (18 USC 2701-2711).
CLOUD NINE MAKES
                    NO GUARANTY OF CONFIDENTIALITY OR PRIVACY OF ANY COMMUNICATION OR INFORMATION TRANSMITTED ON THE
                    SITES OR APPLICATION OR OF ANY WEBSITE LINKED TO THE SITES OR THROUGH ANY USE OF THE SERVICES. Cloud
                    Nine  will not be liable for the privacy content or Cloud Nine User ID information stored on
                    its equipment and transmitted over networks accessed by the Sites, Application, or otherwise
                    connected with User’s use of the Sites, Application, or Services.
(d)
                             Acceptance.
CLOUD NINE MAKES NO REPRESENTATION, WARRANTY, OR
                    GUARANTEE THAT THE APPLICATION WILL BE APPROVED OR PUBLISHED BY APPLE, INC. OR GOOGLE, INC. CLOUD
                    NINE MAKES NO REPRESENTATION, WARRANTY, OR GUARANTEE THAT THE APPLICATION WILL NOT BE REMOVED FROM
                    THE APPLE ITUNES APPLICATION STORE OR THE GOOGLE ANDROID MARKET AFTER THE APPLICATION IS PUBLISHED,
                    IF AT ALL.
7.  LIMITATION OF
                            LIABILITY.
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL CLOUD NINE OR ANY OF THE
                    CONTENT PROVIDERS BE LIABLE (i) FOR ANY AMOUNT IN EXCESS OF THE CONSIDERATION YOU PAID FOR THIS
                    LICENSE, IF ANY, OR (ii) FOR INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (SUCH AS, WITHOUT
                    LIMITATION, LOSS OF BUSINESS, DAMAGE TO REPUTATION, LOSS OF PROFITS OR REVENUE, DAMAGE TO
                    TECHNOLOGICAL OR OTHER DEVICES, OR LITIGATION) OR FOR SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE,  OR SIMILAR
                    DAMAGES, EVEN IF ADVISED OR WARNED OF THE POSSIBILITY OR LIKELIHOOD OF SUCH DAMAGES.  THE
                    NEGATION OF DAMAGES SET FORTH ABOVE IS A FUNDAMENTAL ELEMENT OF THE BASIS OF THE BARGAIN BETWEEN US
                    AND YOU.  YOU AND WE (ON BEHALF OF OURSELVES AND THE CONTENT PROVIDERS) AGREE THAT THE
                    FOREGOING LIMITATION OF LIABILITY IS A REASONABLE AND AGREED ALLOCATION OF RISK BETWEEN YOU AND US
                    (AND THE CONTENT PROVIDERS AND SPONSORS) AND THAT IT REFLECTS THE FEES, IF ANY, WE CHARGE YOU FOR
                    THIS LICENSE AND THE CONTENT FURNISHED ON OR THROUGH THE APPLICATION.  YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT
                    ABSENT YOUR AGREEMENT TO THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY, WE WOULD NOT PROVIDE THIS LICENSE TO YOU.
8.  REVERSE
                            ENGINEERING.
Under no circumstances may you disassemble, decompile, or
                    otherwise reverse engineer or attempt to discover the source code of the Application or the Sites,
                    such source code being confidential and proprietary property of Cloud Nine.
9.
                             INDEMNIFICATION.
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold
                    harmless Cloud Nine its affiliates, the Content Providers, and their respective directors, officers,
                    employees, and agents (collectively, “Affiliated Parties”) from and against any and all
                    claims, actions, suits, or proceedings, as well as any and all losses, liabilities, damages, costs,
                    and expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs) arising out of, accruing from,
                    or in any way related to: (a) any material posted or otherwise provided by You that infringes any
                    copyright, trademark, trade secret, trade dress, patent or other intellectual property right of any
                    person or defames any person or violates any person’s rights of publicity or privacy; (b) any
                    misrepresentation made by You in connection with Your use of the Application or the Sites; (c) any
                    non-compliance by You with the terms and conditions of this Agreement; and (d) claims regarding any
                    liability, loss, claim, and expense arising from or related to Your access and use of the
                    Application or the Sites. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Cloud Nine reserves the right to assume, at
                    its expense, the exclusive defense and control of any matter subject to indemnification by You, in
                    which event You will fully cooperate with us in asserting any available defenses.
10.
                             TERMINATION.
The following termination rights are in addition to
                    the termination rights provided elsewhere in this Agreement:
(a)  Right to Terminate on
                            Advance Notice.
This Agreement may be terminated by either party upon
                    thirty (30) days’ written notice to the other party in the event of a breach of a material
                    provision of this Agreement by the other party, which breach continues without being cured to the
                    satisfaction of the non-breaching party for a period of thirty (30) days from the date of the notice
                    of termination.  If the noticed breach is timely cured to the satisfaction of the non-breaching
                    party, then this Agreement shall continue as though there had been no breach and no notice of
                    termination.  If, however, the breach is not timely cured, as provided herein, then this
                    Agreement shall automatically terminate at the end of the said thirty (30) day period, without other
                    or further action by the non-breaching party.  Termination, as provided herein, shall not
                    constitute an election of remedies, and the non-breaching party, in addition to such right of
                    termination, shall have available to it all other appropriate legal or equitable remedies.
(b)  Termination of
                            Rights.
Upon the expiration or termination of this Agreement, all of
                    the rights granted to User under this Agreement shall terminate and revert to Cloud Nine.
11.  PRIVACY POLICY.
We are committed to protecting your online privacy.  The privacy policy found in
                    this Section 11 (“Privacy Policy”) discloses the privacy practices for the Application
                    and the Sites.  We encourage you to read this Privacy Policy carefully to learn what
                    information we collect from you and how we use that information.  The privacy practices set
                    forth in this Privacy Policy are for the Application and the Sites only.  If you link to other
                    web sites, please review the privacy policies posted at those sites.
(a)  Information We
                            Collect.
We may collect information about an individual that does not
                    identify a specific user or individual (“Non-Personal Information”).  We may also
                    collect your e-mail address, but we do not collect or store any other information that identifies a
                    specific user or other individual (“Personal Information”).    Non-Personal
                    Information may include things like the Uniform Resource Locator (“URL”) of the websites
                    you visited before and after coming to the Application or Sites and your Internet Protocol
                    (“IP”) address.  Although we may obtain and retain your e-mail address and your
                    name, other personally identifiable information are not to be associated with such data elements.
                     We and our authorized third-party service providers and ad servers may automatically collect
                    Non-Personal Information and your e-mail address when you visit the Application or Sites, as
                    described in more detail below; however, all such information shall be deleted and destroyed from
                    our server within 24 hours in accordance with our policies and procedures.  Whenever, in this
                    Privacy Policy, we refer to information which may include either or both Personal Information and/or
                    Non-Personal Information, we will refer to such information as “Individual Information.”
(b)  Sharing Individual
                            Information.
Except as set forth in this Privacy Policy, we will not
                    share your Individual Information with other parties.  We may share your Individual Information
                    in a business transfer or with preferred vendors/collaborators/partners.  As with any other
                    business, we could merge with or be acquired by another company.  If this occurs, the successor
                    company would acquire the information we maintain, including Individual Information.  All of
                    your Individual Information, however, would remain subject to this Privacy Policy.  We may also
                    share your Individual Information for our protection and the protection of others.  We may
                    share Individual Information when we believe release is appropriate to:  comply with the law;
                    enforce this Agreement, or other agreements; or protect the rights, property or safety of the
                    Application and Sites, its users, or others.
Sharing of Advertising IDs with Advertisers.
We may share your advertising ID with third-party advertisers to help them deliver more relevant ads
                    to you. Advertising IDs are non-permanent, resettable identifiers that are associated with your
                    device and do not contain any personally identifiable information. You can reset your advertising ID
                    or opt out of interest-based advertising through your device settings. Please note that opting out
                    of interest-based advertising does not mean that you will stop seeing ads. It simply means that the
                    ads you see will be less relevant to you. We are committed to protecting your privacy and will only
                    share your advertising ID with third-party advertisers who have agreed to comply with our data
                    privacy policies. This Agreement is to be used in conjunction with Apple's
                    terms of use for apps, and in case of any conflict, Apple's terms shall prevail.
(c)  Cookies.
A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user’s computer that stores Individual
                    Information about that user. We may use cookies to save you time while using the Application and
                    Sites and to remind us who you are.  Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you may be
                    able to modify your browser settings to decline or delete cookies.  Please note that if you
                    decline or delete these cookies, some parts of the Application or Sites may not work properly.
                     We may use a third-party analytic company to track and analyze Individual Information.
(d)
                             Security.
We take precautions to protect the security of your
                    Individual Information.  Such information resides on a secure server that only selected
                    personnel and contractors have access to.  Unfortunately, no data transmission over the
                    Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.  As a result, although we
                    employ commercially reasonable security measures to protect data and seek to partner with companies
                    which do the same, we cannot guarantee the security of any information transmitted to or from the
                    Application or Sites, and are not responsible for the actions of any third parties that may receive
                    any such information.
(e)
                             Children
.  Minors under the age of 13 may not use the Application
                    or Sites.  We do not collect or maintain information from anyone known to be under the age of
                    13, and no part of the Application or Sites is designed to attract anyone under the age of 13.
(f)  Notice of Privacy Rights
                            to California Residents.
California law requires that we provide you
                    with a summary of your privacy rights under the California Online Privacy Protection Act (the
                    “Act”) and the California Business and Professions Code.  As required by the Act,
                    we will provide you with the categories of Personal Information (if any) that we collect through the
                    Application or Sites and the categories of third-party persons or entities with whom such
                    information may be shared for direct marketing purposes at your request.   California law
                    requires us to inform you, at your request of:  (1) the categories of Personal Information we
                    collect and what third parties we share that information with; (2) the names and addresses of those
                    third parties; and (3) examples of the products marketed by those companies.  California law
                    further requires us to allow you to control who you do not want us to share the foregoing
                    information with.  To obtain this information, please send a request to:  Cloud Nine
                    Development, LLC, 14915 Outlook Lane, Overland Park, KS 66223.  When contacting us, please
                    indicate your name, address, email address, and what Personal Information you do not want us to
                    share.  The request should be labeled “California Customer Choice Notice.”
                     Please allow at least 30 days for a response.
(g)  Changes to Privacy
                            Policy.
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy from time
                    to time by posting the revised Privacy Policy in the “Privacy Policy” section of this
                    Agreement.  You acknowledge that it is your responsibility to review our Privacy Policy
                    periodically to learn of any modifications.  Your continued use of the Application or Sites
                    after the posting of the revised Privacy Policy shall constitute your acceptance of the revised
                    Privacy Policy.
12. GENERAL
(a)  Waiver.
Our failure to enforce any provision of this Agreement shall not be construed as a waiver or
                    limitation of our rights subsequently to enforce and compel strict compliance with every provision
                    of this Agreement.
(b)  Governing Law,
                            Jurisdiction, and Venue.
This Agreement shall be interpreted under and
                    governed by the laws of the State of Kansas without giving effect to Kansas conflicts of laws
                    principles or provisions.  Any action properly brought pursuant to this Agreement, shall be
                    brought in the state or federal courts sitting in Johnson County, Kansas, and You hereby waive any
                    challenges to jurisdiction and venue (other than a challenge based on the obligation to arbitrate)
                    for any such action brought by us.  In the event of any litigation over this Agreement if we
                    are the prevailing party, You agree to pay all of our expenses associated with such litigation,
                    including (without limitation) court costs and attorneys’ fees.
(c)  Severability.
If any term or provision in this Agreement is found to be void,
                    against public policy, or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction and such finding or
                    order becomes final and non-appealable, then the offending provision shall be deemed modified to the
                    minimum extent necessary to make it valid and enforceable.  If the offending provision cannot
                    be so modified, then the same shall be deemed stricken in its entirety, and unless such term or
                    provision is material to the performance of this Agreement, the remainder of this Agreement shall
                    survive with the offending provision eliminated.
(d)  Amendment or
                            Modification.
This Agreement may not be amended except by a written
                    instrument signed by you and by us.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, we may, from time to time,
                    post amendments to this Agreement.  Your further use of the Application and Sites following the
                    posting, by us, of such an amendment will constitute your agreement to such amendment or
                    modification.  If you do not wish to accept such amendment or modification, you must cease all
                    further use of the Application and the Sites.
(e)  Entire
                            Agreement.
This Agreement contains the entire agreement and
                    understanding between you and us with respect to the subject matter hereof, and there are no
                    representations, inducements, promises, or agreements, oral or otherwise, not embodied herein.
                     Any and all prior discussions, negotiations, commitments, and understandings relating thereto
                    are merged herein.
(f)
                             Arbitration.
All disputes between You and Cloud Nine arising in
                    connection with this Agreement (other than actions for injunctive relief as set forth in Section
                    12(g) below) shall be finally settled by binding arbitration administered by the American
                    Arbitration Association under its Commercial Arbitration Rules, using the Expedited Procedures, and
                    judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator(s) may be entered in any court of competent
                    jurisdiction.  The arbitrator shall be an individual generally skilled in the legal and
                    business aspects of the subject matter of this Agreement.  The arbitrator shall have no
                    authority to impose penalties or award punitive damages.  The arbitration shall take place in
                    Overland Park, Kansas and the arbitrator shall apply the law of the State of Kansas and applicable
                    rules of evidence.  If all parties and the arbitrator agree, arbitration may take place by
                    telephone or by written communication.  Unless the arbitrator otherwise directs, the parties,
                    their representatives, other participants, and the arbitrator shall hold the existence, content, and
                    result of the arbitration in confidence.  No action, regardless of form, related to the
                    obligations of the parties under this Agreement may be brought by either party against the other
                    more than one (1) year after the cause of action has accrued.
(g)  Injunctive
                            Relief.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, we may seek
                    immediate injunctive relief (whether temporary or preliminary) in the event of Your infringement or
                    threatened infringement of any intellectual property rights of Cloud Nine or any Content Provider or
                    a breach or threatened breach of Your obligations hereunder.  You acknowledge that any such
                    infringement, threatened infringement, breach, or threatened breach will result in irreparable
                    damage to us and will inflict injury difficult to remedy through monetary damages alone.
                     Accordingly, with respect to any such infringement, threatened infringement, breach, or
                    threatened breach, we may seek and obtain, from a court of competent jurisdiction, such preliminary,
                    temporary, or permanent injunctive relief as the court may award, without the need for us to post or
                    file any bond or like surety or security.
(h)  Headings.
The paragraph or section headings used herein are for convenience only and in no way
                    define, limit, extend, or interpret the scope of this Agreement or of any particular paragraph
                    hereof.
(i)  Representation by
                            Counsel and Contra Proferentum.
User hereby represents that:  (a)
                    it has been represented by competent counsel of its choice, or has had the opportunity to engage
                    such counsel, in the review and execution of this Agreement, (b) it has read and fully understands
                    the terms hereof, (c) User and its counsel have been afforded an opportunity to review the terms of
                    this Agreement and that User intends to be bound hereby.  In accordance with the foregoing, the
                    general rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities in a contract are to be resolved
                    against the party drafting the contract shall NOT be employed in the construction and interpretation
                    of this Agreement.
13. TrueDepth
                            API/Camera
(a)
The app
                    utilizes the camera
                    intrinsic matrix, orientation and location of the head, eye tracking (particularly pupils)
                    and camera position info.
(b)
We are
                    introducing a feature that will allow users to view eye glasses frames and to try on different
                    styles. This measurement is used to determine where you look through the lens of your glasses. To do
                    this, we need an accurate representation of the user's pupil distance to locate the "Optical Center"
                    which is determined by pupillary distance.
(C)
This
                    information will not be stored anywhere. It will not be transferred anywhere and will not be shared
                    with any third party.
14.
                            Tools/Calculators/Testing
All tools, calculators, testing features, and articles are for educational purposes only. They are
                    not to be used for diagnosis, examination or treatment of any persons. As such the information
                    collected within the tools, calculators, and testing features are not stored, transferred or shared
                    with any third parties. All tools, testing, and calculators have disclaimers indicating the
                    following:
DISCLAIMER:
These
                    tests are not FDA approved. This is not a substitute for diagnosis, examination and/or treatment by
                    a licensed eye care professional and is for your information only. You should consult a licensed eye
                    care professional for your eye condition. Use of this app does not constitute a patient-doctor
                    relationship. By continuing to use this application you accept this disclaimer. The information and
                    results obtained from this test, tool or calculator is not stored, transferred or shared with any
                    third party.
15. ARTICLES & NEWS
DISCLAIMER:
The information on this app is not intended or implied to be a substitute for professional medical
                    advice, diagnosis or treatment. All content, including text, graphics, images and information,
                    contained on or available through this app is for general information purposes only. Eye Handbook &
                    Cloud Nine Development makes no representation and assumes no responsibility for the accuracy of
                    information contained on or available through this app, and such information is subject to change
                    without notice. You are encouraged to confirm any information obtained from or through this web site
                    with other sources, and review all information regarding any medical condition or treatment with
                    your physician. Never disregard professional medical advice or delay seeking medical treatment
                    because of something you have read or accessed through this app.
Eye Handbook & Cloud Nine Development do not recommend, endorse or make
                    any representation about the
                    efficacy, appropriateness or suitability of any specific tests, products, procedures, treatments,
                    services, opinions, health care providers or other information that may be contained on or available
                    through this app. Eye Handbook & Cloud Nine Development is not responsible nor liable for any
                    advice, course of treatment, diagnosis or any other information, services or products that you
                    obtain through this app.
16. Deleteing account and user data
User can delete his/her own account. User needs to
                    login into the app first and then head to the Delete Account menu item from drawer menu. Once user
                    confirms
                    account deletion then all data related to the users will be deleted from the app.