Terms of use and privacy policy
Last updated: December 2018
Terms of use introduction
Starkey.com and StarkeyPro.com (each referred to herein as the "Website") are owned and operated by Starkey Laboratories, Inc. d/b/a Starkey Hearing Technologies ("Starkey"). The following terms and conditions (these "Terms of Use"), govern your access to and use of this Website, including any content, functionality and services offered on or through the Website. Your use of this Website is conditioned upon your acceptance of these Terms of Use. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, you are not authorized to access or use this Website. We may revise and update these Terms of Use from time to time in our sole discretion. All changes are effective immediately when we post them. Your continued use of the Website following the posting of revised Terms of Use means that you accept and agree to the changes. You are expected to check this page from time to time so you are aware of any changes, as they are binding on you.
Starkey grants you permission to access and use this Website for your personal, non-commercial purposes only. You must not reproduce, distribute, modify, create derivative works of, publicly display, publicly perform, republish, download, store or transmit any of the material on our Website, except as follows:
Your computer may temporarily store copies of such materials in RAM incidental to your accessing and viewing those materials.
You may store files that are automatically cached by your Web browser for display enhancement purposes.
You may print or download one copy of a reasonable number of pages of the Website for your own personal, non-commercial use and not for further reproduction, publication or distribution.
If we provide desktop, mobile or other applications for download, you may download a single copy to your computer or mobile device solely for your own personal, non-commercial use, provided you agree to be bound by our end user license agreement for such applications.
If we provide social media features with certain content, you may take such actions as are enabled by such features.
You agree that you will not:
Use the Website in any way that violates any applicable federal, state, local or international law.
Use the Website to engage in any other conduct that restricts or inhibits anyone's use or enjoyment of the Website, or which, as determined by us, may harm Starkey or users of the Website or expose them to liability.
Use the Website in any manner that could disable, overburden, damage, or impair the site or interfere with any other party's use of the Website.
Use any robot, spider or other automatic device, process or means to access the Website for any purpose, including monitoring or copying any of the material on the Website.
Use any manual process to monitor or copy any of the material on the Website or for any other unauthorized purpose without our prior written consent.
Use any device, software or routine that interferes with the proper working of the Website.
Introduce any viruses, trojan horses, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful.
Attempt to gain unauthorized access to, interfere with, damage or disrupt any parts of the Website, the server on which the Website is stored, or any server, computer or database connected to the Website.
Attack the Website via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of-service attack.
Otherwise attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Website.
This Website and all of its contents, features and functionality (including but not limited to the information, software, text, displays, images, video and audio, and the design, selection and arrangement thereof) are the property of Starkey and its licensors and other suppliers of such material and are protected by U.S. and international copyright, trademark and other intellectual property rights laws.
The Starkey name and all related names, logos, product and service names, designs and slogans are trademarks of Starkey or its affiliates or licensors. You must not use such marks without the prior written permission of Starkey. All other names, logos, product and service names, designs and slogans on this Website are the trademarks of their respective owners.
The information presented on this Website is not intended to be medical advice and should not be relied upon as such. If you suspect a hearing problem, Starkey Hearing Technologies strongly urges you to consult with a qualified physician or hearing professional.
You understand that we cannot and do not guarantee or warrant that files available for downloading from the Internet or the Website will be free of viruses or other destructive code. You are responsible for implementing sufficient procedures and checkpoints to satisfy your particular requirements for anti-virus protection and accuracy of data input and output, and for maintaining a means external to our site for any reconstruction of any lost data. WE WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE CAUSED BY A DISTRIBUTED DENIAL-OF-SERVICE ATTACK, VIRUSES OR OTHER TECHNOLOGICALLY HARMFUL MATERIAL THAT MAY INFECT YOUR COMPUTER EQUIPMENT, COMPUTER PROGRAMS, DATA OR OTHER PROPRIETARY MATERIAL DUE TO YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE OR ANY SERVICES OR ITEMS OBTAINED THROUGH THE WEBSITE OR TO YOUR DOWNLOADING OF ANY MATERIAL POSTED ON IT, OR ON ANY WEBSITE LINKED TO IT.
YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE, ITS CONTENT AND ANY SERVICES OR ITEMS OBTAINED THROUGH THE WEBSITE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. THE WEBSITE, ITS CONTENT AND ANY SERVICES OR ITEMS OBTAINED THROUGH THE WEBSITE ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS, WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. NEITHER STARKEY NOR ANY PERSON ASSOCIATED WITH STARKEY MAKES ANY WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION WITH RESPECT TO THE COMPLETENESS, SECURITY, RELIABILITY, QUALITY, ACCURACY OR AVAILABILITY OF THE WEBSITE. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, NEITHER STARKEY NOR ANYONE ASSOCIATED WITH STARKEY REPRESENTS OR WARRANTS THAT THE WEBSITE, ITS CONTENT OR ANY SERVICES OR ITEMS OBTAINED THROUGH THE WEBSITE WILL BE ACCURATE, RELIABLE, ERROR-FREE OR UNINTERRUPTED, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, THAT OUR SITE OR THE SERVER THAT MAKES IT AVAILABLE ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS OR THAT THE WEBSITE OR ANY SERVICES OR ITEMS OBTAINED THROUGH THE WEBSITE WILL OTHERWISE MEET YOUR NEEDS OR EXPECTATIONS.
STARKEY HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
THE FOREGOING DOES NOT AFFECT ANY WARRANTIES WHICH CANNOT BE EXCLUDED OR LIMITED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.
IN NO EVENT WILL STARKEY, ITS AFFILIATES OR THEIR LICENSORS, SERVICE PROVIDERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, OFFICERS OR DIRECTORS BE LIABLE FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, UNDER ANY LEGAL THEORY, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE, OR INABILITY TO USE, THE WEBSITE, ANY WEBSITES LINKED TO IT, ANY CONTENT ON THE WEBSITE OR SUCH OTHER WEBSITES OR ANY SERVICES OR ITEMS OBTAINED THROUGH THE WEBSITE OR SUCH OTHER WEBSITES, INCLUDING ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PERSONAL INJURY, PAIN AND SUFFERING, EMOTIONAL DISTRESS, LOSS OF REVENUE, LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF BUSINESS OR ANTICIPATED SAVINGS, LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF GOODWILL, LOSS OF DATA, AND WHETHER CAUSED BY TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), BREACH OF CONTRACT OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF FORESEEABLE.
THE FOREGOING DOES NOT AFFECT ANY LIABILITY WHICH CANNOT BE EXCLUDED OR LIMITED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Starkey, its affiliates, licensors and service providers, and its and their respective officers, directors, employees, contractors, agents, licensors, suppliers, successors and assigns from and against any claims, liabilities, damages, judgments, awards, losses, costs, expenses or fees (including reasonable attorneys' fees) arising out of or relating to your violation of these Terms of Use or your use of the Website, including, but not limited to, any use of the Website's content, services and products other than as expressly authorized in these Terms of Use or your use of any information obtained from the Website.
All matters relating to the Website and these Terms of Use and any dispute or claim arising therefrom or related thereto (in each case, including non-contractual disputes or claims), shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Minnesota without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of Minnesota or any other jurisdiction). Any legal suit, action or proceeding arising out of, or related to, these Terms of Use or the Website shall be instituted exclusively in courts situated in the State of Minnesota, and you consent to the jurisdiction of such courts.
No waiver by Starkey of any term or condition set forth in these Terms of Use shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or condition or a waiver of any other term or condition, and any failure of Starkey to assert a right or provision under these Terms of Use shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
If any provision of these Terms of Use is held by a court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason, such provision shall be eliminated or limited to the minimum extent such that the remaining provisions of the Terms of Use will continue in full force and effect.
STARKEY PRIVACY POLICY
Last Updated: January 10, 2025
- The changes include updates to international data transfer practices and applicable law, as well as updates regarding U.S. state privacy laws.
INTRODUCTION
At Starkey, we value your business and respect your privacy. We are committed to protecting your privacy rights in accordance with the privacy and data protection laws that may apply, including U.S. state privacy laws, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), and the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework.
This privacy policy describes your privacy rights related to information you share with Starkey, and how you contact us to exercise those rights. In addition, this privacy policy describes how Starkey collects, uses, and shares information that can identify you (Personal Information) related to the use of Starkey’s Products and Services. Products and Services means our websites, e-store, mobile apps, software applications, hearing devices, and hearing care providers. Starkey will collect, process, and share your Personal Information in accordance with this privacy policy.
WHO WE ARE
In this privacy policy, “Starkey,” “we,” “us,” and “our” refers to the Starkey entity you are interacting with, or that is providing you with our Products and Services related to which you are sharing your Personal Information.
With respect to your rights under applicable privacy laws, the data controller of your Personal Information is Starkey Laboratories, Inc.
You can contact Starkey’s Data Protection Officer at:
Starkey Laboratories, Inc.
Attn: Data Protection Officer
6700 Washington Avenue S., Eden Prairie, MN 55344
1-800-627-5762
Data_Privacy@starkey.com
WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION STARKEY COLLECTS AND WHEN
Starkey collects the following information, including Personal Information, when you interact with us and use our Products and Services:
Purchase and Warranty Information: means information, including Personal Information, you may provide to us when you purchase Starkey Products and Services, including related to your rights under a product warranty. Purchase and Warranty Information may include your financial information; contact information, such as your name, shipping and billing address, phone number, and email address; product identification information, like hearing aid serial numbers; and health information like your audiogram or an impression (mold) of your ear.
Website Information:
means information that you enter directly or otherwise provide or disclose, including Personal Information, when you use or access any of our websites. Website Information includes information about the technology you used to access our website, including the IP address, internet service provider, browsers, apps, and devices. Website Information also includes details of your activities while on our websites, like how long you visited a webpage, the content you clicked on or accessed, and information about other sites you visited before or after our website. Website Information includes anything you submitted via the website like a webform to “contact us”, the content of any “chat” communications you have with us through our websites, or while applying for a job through an employment-related function of our websites.
Hearing Device and App Usage Information:
means information, including Personal Information, you provide or that is generated during your use of our hearing aid devices, our apps, or both. Hearing Device and App Usage Information includes:
Information you enter for hearing device and app functionality including your name, address, date of birth, gender, height, weight, and audiogram, as well as information relating to the programming of your hearing aid, any third-party contacts you have identified, and any other data that you submit in connection with your use of the hearing device and app.
Information about app usage and app features, like when you activate and use a particular feature and the extent or duration of use. This helps Starkey provide optimal functionality and overall user experience. Starkey also logs certain technical information including information related to internet protocol and device event information such as crashes, system activity, hardware settings, and the date and time of your request.
Use time and classification of the environment in which the hearing aids are being used. This is necessary for Starkey to provide certain features and functionality of our Products and Services. You can disable collection of this data, but doing so may limit functionality of our Products and Services.
Information related to physical movement that can be used to record activity like the number of steps a user takes or certain types of movement information that might indicate a user has fallen down. Collection and tracking of such movement information may require you to first enable and properly set up certain features in our Products and Services.
If you have your geo-location function (also known as “location services” or “GPS tracking,” or other terms) activated and working on your mobile device, Starkey may collect location information, if you are using one of our apps. You can stop collection of this information by disabling your geo-location function on your mobile device.
Health and Patient Information:
means information collected from you when you request an appointment, including your name and contact information, like telephone number or email address, as well as information about your hearing care needs, including health information, and your preferences for how we contact you. In addition to this information, if you participate in a clinical study with Starkey, we may need to collect additional information, including your social security number.
Communications Information:
means information you provide while communicating with Starkey, in any way, for any reason, that may include Personal Information. Communications Information includes the information you provide over the phone, which may include your name, phone number, address, email address, device serial number, as well as the content of any phone calls you have with us.
Your Information Shared by a Third Party You Authorized:
means your Personal Information that is provided to us by a third party, because you authorized the third party to share it. For example, you may authorize your hearing care provider to share your Personal Information with Starkey, which may include your contact information, financial information, and health information. We also collect Personal Information about you through websites we manage for third parties, like a third-party hearing care provider.
Anonymous Information:
means information that does not allow you to be identified or otherwise make you identifiable. For example, we collect generic information about the type of mobile device and mobile operating system you use to access and interact with our Products and Services, as well as generic information about your hearing aid devices, like the make and model, and the firmware used by the hearing aid devices. In some cases, Starkey may aggregate and de-identify data to remove all information that could be used to specifically identify you, thereby rendering it anonymous. Anonymous Information does not constitute Personal Information in this privacy policy, or pursuant to applicable law.
WHY STARKEY COLLECTS YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We collect your Personal Information because it is necessary to provide the services, features, or functionality of our Products and Services that you have elected to use. Starkey also collects your Personal Information for legitimate business purposes, to protect Starkey and its customers, and for legal reasons. We only collect and process your Personal Information based on our legitimate interests when we have determined our legitimate interests are not outweighed by your privacy and data protection rights.
Depending on your interaction with Starkey, and your use of our Products and Services, Starkey may collect your Personal Information for the following reasons:
providing you with access to and use of our Products and Services, either independently or with the assistance of your healthcare provider;
operating, maintaining, and improving our Products and Services;
entering, performing, and terminating a contract with you;
scheduling and communicating with you about your appointment;
assembling and processing your job application;
sending you important administrative notifications or confirmations, as well as technical notices about things like updates and security alerts;
responding to your comments and questions and providing you with customer support;
preventing abuse of our Products and Services, and investigating or prosecuting any potential threat or misuse;
to protect, investigate, and deter against fraudulent, unauthorized, or illegal activity;
protecting the rights and property of Starkey and its customers, including in the event of legal claims;
tracking and analyzing our advertising and promotional efforts;
sending you marketing or promotional communications that may be based on your behavior and Personal Information, and that may include social notifications, surveys, or other newsletters depending on your settings; and
fulfilling any purpose for which you have given us your consent.
Some features of our websites allow you to communicate with us using an online form. If your communication requests a response from us, we may send you a response via email. The email response or confirmation may include your Personal Information, including your name and contact information. We cannot guarantee that our emails to you will be secure from unauthorized interception.
When required by law, we will obtain your consent before sending you certain marketing communications. You can withdraw consent at any time by contacting our Data Protection Officer. See the Who We Are section of this privacy policy for details. You may also opt-out of receiving future marketing information, like marketing emails, at any time, by using the instructions provided in the marketing communications.
In the case of information relating to your hearing and your location, we will first obtain your consent before using such information. You may withdraw your consent at any time by either disabling location tracking through your device’s settings, or where possible, using the functions in our Products and Services to switch off geolocation information tracking, or by terminating Starkey’s access to your account (for example, by deleting a mobile app).
HOW STARKEY COLLECTS INFORMATION
You Give Starkey Information Directly
We collect the information you give us when purchasing and using our Products and Services. For example, when you download a Starkey mobile app, in order to create a user account, pair the app with your hearing aids, and activate and utilize features of the app, it may be necessary for you to provide information to Starkey. The information you give us may include Personal Information, like your name, address, date of birth, gender, height, weight, and audiogram as well as information relating to the programming of your hearing aid, third-party contacts, and any other data that you submit in connection with your use of our Products and Services.
You Give Starkey Information Indirectly (Collected Using Technology like Cookies)
We use tracking technology like cookies to collect information about how you use our Products and Services, and to provide you with essential services, functionality, and personalization of our Products and Services. You can view our full Cookie Policy here.
You Authorize a Third Party to Give Starkey Your Information
You may authorize a third party, like your hearing care provider, to give Starkey information about you. For example, you may authorize your hearing care provider to provide your Personal Information to Starkey, which may include your contact information, financial information, and health information. We also collect Personal Information about you through websites we manage for third parties, like hearing care providers.
HOW STARKEY SHARES PERSONAL INFORMATION
Third Parties Designated by You:
We may share your Personal Information with third parties where you have provided your consent for us to do so. One example would be, if you identify third-party contacts in the fall alert feature of our Products and Services, and those contacts have agreed to receive notifications, they could receive certain Personal Information about you.
External Processing:
We may share your Personal Information with our third-party service providers who provide services such as data analysis, payment processing, information technology and related infrastructure, email delivery, and other similar services. We require that our third-party service providers use your Personal Information only to provide the services we’ve requested based on our instructions and in compliance with our privacy policies and any other required confidentiality and security measures.
Enabling Third-Party Integrations and Services:
We process Personal Information you provide to enable third-party integrations, services, features, and other offerings. For example, when you ask certain questions of the Smart Assistant feature in our mobile apps, we may share your requests with third-party services in order to process and provide you with responses.
For Legal Reasons:
We may share your Personal Information as we believe necessary or appropriate (a) to comply with applicable laws; (b) on reasonable request by a law enforcement or regulatory authority, body, or agency; (c) in the conduct or defense of legal claims; (d) when obtaining professional advice (including legal advice) in relation to audits and our business and consider this in our legitimate interests in managing our business; (e) to enforce our agreements; and (f) to protect our rights, privacy, safety, or property, or that of you or others. We will not delete Personal Information if it is relevant to an investigation or a dispute; relevant information will be stored until such issues are fully resolved.
New Owner of Our Business:
We may share your Personal Information with a third party (new owner) in the case of a merger, acquisition, dissolution, or sale of one or more of our business entities. In that case, we would also be sharing your Personal Information with that third party’s advisors related to the transaction.
Affiliates:
We may share your Personal Information with other companies owned by Starkey (Affiliates). Our Affiliates are bound to protect Personal Information in accordance with applicable privacy and data protection laws.
HOW STARKEY SECURES INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Starkey works to secure the information we collect, including by employing administrative and technical security measures to protect information from unauthorized access, loss, misuse, corruption, alteration, and destruction. Starkey uses commercially accepted means to secure your Personal Information, including encryption, but we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Please contact our Data Protection Officer immediately if you have reason to believe your Personal Information or any of our Products and Services are not secure or have been accessed without authorization. If you receive a communication that purports to be from Starkey that you believe is suspicious, do not open or respond to it, and please contact our Data Protection Officer.
The U.S. Federal Trade Commission provides more information on how you can protect yourself from identity theft on its website:
https://consumer.ftc.gov/identity-theft-and-online-security/online-privacy-and-security
.
HOW LONG WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION
If you have a contract with Starkey, we will keep your Personal Information for the term of the contractual relationship, and for Starkey’s use as described in this privacy policy, as allowed by applicable law. Starkey will retain your information for such further period as necessary to defend ourselves from legal claims.
If you make a request for Starkey to delete your Personal Information, Starkey will keep a record of your request, to honor your request in the future. Starkey will then delete the Personal Information you asked be deleted, subject to any legal retention requirement, or legal exceptions to deletion requests.
YOUR DATA PROTECTION RIGHTS UNDER 
GENERAL DATA PROTECTION REGULATION (GDPR) AND FEDERAL ACT ON DATA PROTECTION (FADP)
If you are located in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and/or Switzerland, you have certain data protection rights under the GDPR or the FADP, as applicable. Depending on your interaction with Starkey and your use of our Products and Services, Starkey collects and processes your Personal Information on the following legal bases:
As necessary to enter into, perform, or terminate a contract with you, and to provide you with, and facilitate your use of, our Products and Services.
Because you have provided consent.
As necessary to operate our business and pursue our legitimate business interests, where our interests are not overridden by your privacy and data protection rights.
To comply with the law.
Starkey takes reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Information.
Opt-out:
You can contact us any time to opt-out of (a) promotional and marketing communications; (b) any new processing of your Personal Information that we may carry out beyond the original purpose; or (c) the cross-border transfer of your Personal Information. Please note that your use of some features of our Products and Services may be affected upon opt-out.
Object:
You can ask us to stop using your Personal Information where we no longer need it to provide our Products and Services or for other legitimate reasons.
Access:
You can ask us to confirm if we are processing your Personal Information and you can ask at any time to access the Personal Information we have collected from you by contacting us directly.
Update:
You can ask us to correct your Personal Information if it is wrong.
Move:
You can request to move your Personal Information to other companies. You may ask that we provide your Personal Information in an easily readable format.
Erase and forget:
In certain situations, you can ask us to stop using your Personal Information or delete your information, including where we no longer need it to provide our services to you.
If you wish to exercise any of these rights, please contact us at:
Starkey Laboratories, Inc.
Attn: Data Protection Officer
6700 Washington Avenue S.,
Eden Prairie, MN 55344
1-800-627-5762
Data_Privacy@starkey.com
In your request, please clearly state (a) what Personal Information is concerned, and (b) which of the above rights you would like to enforce. For your protection, we may need to verify your identity before implementing your request. We will try to comply with your request, usually within a month, and we will tell you if we need additional time.
Please note that, under applicable law, these rights may be qualified, for example, where your information is being used in legal proceedings. We may need to retain certain information for recordkeeping purposes or to complete any transactions that you began before requesting the change or deletion, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law (for example, for regulatory purposes).
Starkey’s EU Representative for purposes of Article 27 of the GDPR is Starkey Laboratories GmbH, located at Weg beim Jäger 218, 22335 Hamburg, Germany with telephone +49 40 4294730.
When you receive promotional emails from us, you can also unsubscribe or opt-out by clicking the link provided in the emails. You cannot opt-out of receiving administrative communications (e.g., communications related to your use of our Products and Services, or related to your hearing care that we are providing).
INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFER
Where allowed by applicable law, Starkey’s Products and Services may be delivered using servers and other technical resources in various countries, including the United States. Therefore, your Personal Information may be transferred and processed outside of the country you are located in, including outside of the European Economic Area (EEA). If we transfer Personal Information outside the country or region you are located in, we will take steps to protect and safeguard your Personal Information, in general, by making the transfer subject to the EU/UK/CH-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles and in accordance with this privacy policy.
Starkey participates in the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (collectively the “Data Privacy Frameworks”) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Starkey has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Data Privacy Frameworks Principles regarding the processing of Personal Information received from the European Union, the United Kingdom and Gibraltar, and Switzerland. Click
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
to learn more about the Data Privacy Frameworks. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the Data Privacy Frameworks principles, the principles shall govern.
If Starkey transfers Personal Information received under the Data Privacy Frameworks to a third party, the third party’s processing of the Personal Information must also be in compliance with our Data Privacy Frameworks obligations, and we will remain liable under the Data Privacy Frameworks for any failure to do so by the third party, unless we prove we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
Starkey is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the US Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, Starkey may be required to disclose the Personal Information we process under the Data Privacy Frameworks in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
We monitor developments related to international data transfers, including the Data Privacy Frameworks and may modify our practices as necessary to remain compliant with applicable laws. In that event we will update this privacy policy.
Complaints and Dispute Resolution
Starkey is committed to resolving complaints related to the Data Privacy Frameworks. Individuals in the EU, UK, and Switzerland with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of Personal Information received in reliance on the Data Privacy Frameworks should first contact Starkey’s Data Protection Officer via email at
Data_Privacy@starkey.com
.
If you have complaints related to the Data Privacy Frameworks that Starkey cannot resolve directly, we have chosen to cooperate with the International Centre for Dispute Resolution (the “ICDR”). The ICDR is an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://go.adr.org/dpf_irm.html
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of the ICDR are provided at no cost to you.
Under certain conditions, a binding arbitration option may be available to you for addressing complaints that remain unresolved after other means have been exhausted. For further information, please see Annex I of the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles at:
DPF Annex I.
U.S. State Privacy Laws
You may have certain rights related to your Personal Information depending on your state of legal residence. These rights are subject to the relevant facts of your individual circumstances, as well as the applicable law. Below are general categories of rights related to Personal Information. For your convenience, at the end of each category we have noted certain U.S. states with privacy laws that may provide a right or rights related to that category. You should consult your state’s laws for further information. We are providing this information as a helpful reference only. Starkey cannot provide you with legal advice. California residents please see the Privacy Notice for California Residents below for additional information.
Right to access:
You may have the right to access the information or categories of information we collect about you, the information or categories of information shared with third parties, or the specific third parties or categories of third parties to which the information was shared; or, some combination of similar information. (CA, CO, CT, MT, OR, TX, UT, VA) (DE and IA effective Jan 1, 2025) (TN effective July 1, 2025) (IN effective Jan 1, 2026)
Right to correct:
You may have the right to request that incorrect or outdated Personal Information be corrected. (CA, CO, CT, MT, OR, TX, VA) (DE effective Jan 1, 2025) (TN effective July 1, 2025) (IN effective Jan 1, 2026)
Right to delete:
You may have the right to request that we delete your Personal Information under certain conditions. (CA, CO, CT, MT, OR, TX, UT, VA) (DE and IA effective Jan 1, 2025) (TN effective July 1, 2025) (IN effective Jan 1, 2026)
Right to opt out of certain processing:
You may have the right to restrict our ability to process your Personal Information for profiling and targeted advertising purposes, or because it is particularly sensitive. (CA, CO, CT, MT, OR, TX, UT, VA) (DE effective Jan 1, 2025) (TN effective July 1, 2025) (IN effective Jan 1, 2026)
Right to portability:
You may have the right to request a copy of your Personal Information be disclosed in a common file format. (CA, CO, CT, MT, OR, TX, UT, VA) (DE and IA effective Jan 1, 2025) (TN effective July 1, 2025) (IN effective Jan 1, 2026)
Right to opt out of sales:
You may have the right to opt out of the sale of your Personal Information to third parties. (CA, CO, CT, MT, OR, TX, UT, VA) (DE and IA effective Jan 1, 2025) (TN effective July 1, 2025) (IN effective Jan 1, 2026)
Right to opt in for sensitive data processing:
You may have the right to opt in before we can process certain of your sensitive Personal Information. (CO, CT, MT, OR, TX, VA) (DE effective Jan 1, 2025) (TN effective July 1, 2025) (IN effective Jan 1, 2026)
Right against automated decision making:
You may have the right to prohibit us from making decisions about you based solely on an automated process without human input. (CA, CO, CT, MT, OR, TX, VA) (DE and IA effective Jan 1, 2025) (TN effective July 1, 2025) (IN effective Jan 1, 2026)
Private right of action:
You may have the right to seek civil damages for violations of a privacy statute. (CA)
You may exercise your rights by contacting our Data Protection Officer via email at Data_Privacy@starkey.com or phone at 1-800-627-5762. Requests to exercise these rights are subject to our ability to reasonably verify relevant information including your identity, the Personal Information comprising the basis of your request, and applicable law.
PRIVACY NOTICE FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) requires us to provide California residents with certain information about how we handle their Personal Information.
CCPA Categories of Personal Information
Starkey collects the following categories of Personal Information identified under CCPA:
Identifiers
Customer Records
Biometric
Internet or Network Activity
Geolocation
Sensory
Professional or Employment
Inferences
As described in further detail in this privacy policy, Starkey collects this information when you visit our websites or purchase and use our Products and Services. We collect your Personal Information because it is necessary to provide, operate, maintain and support our Products and Services, as well as to administer and promote our business. Please refer to the other sections of our privacy policy for further detail, including the sections Why Starkey Collects Your Personal Information and How Starkey Collects Your Personal Information.
Exercising your Rights
California residents have the right to make the following requests, up to twice every 12 months:
The right to request the specific pieces of Personal Information Starkey has collected about You.
The right to request that Starkey disclose what Personal Information we collect, use, disclose, or sell.
The right to request that Starkey delete Personal Information that Starkey has collected about You (subject to certain exceptions).
The right to opt out of the sale of Your Personal Information.
You may exercise your rights to access and delete data by:
Emailing us at Data_Privacy@starkey.com; or
Calling our Data Protection Officer at 1-800-627-5762
This section does not address or apply to our handling of protected health information that is subject to HIPAA or the California Medical Information Act, including any data we collect through your hearing devices or the Thrive app, or to any other Personal Information subject to an exemption under CCPA Section 1798.145(c) – (f).
Starkey does not sell your information for money. We do disclose your information to certain third parties that provide valuable services to us, such as analytics and advertising services, which we do not believe is considered a “sale” under the CCPA. Categories of third parties with whom we have shared Personal Information in the last 12 months include third-party integrations for advertising and website analytics.
If you’d like to be included in a Do Not Sell My Personal Information Register we maintain, please contact our Data Protection Officer at Data_Privacy@starkey.com. After 12 months, we may request that you update your preference.
California Civil Code § 1798.83 permits our visitors who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of Personal Information to third-parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please contact us and indicate whether you are a California resident.
California law requires us to let you know how we respond to web browser “Do Not Track” signals. Our websites are not currently able to support “Do Not Track” codes. Starkey does not currently respond to or take any action regarding “Do Not Track” requests.
Non-Discrimination
Starkey will not penalize you, or discriminate against you, for exercising your rights under CCPA. In accordance with CCPA, should you elect to exercise your rights under CCPA, Starkey will not: (i) deny you goods or services; (ii) charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including by use of discounts, benefits, or penalties; (iii) provide you a different level or quality of goods or services; or (iv) threaten or imply that you may receive a different level of goods or services.
“DO NOT TRACK” BROWSER SETTINGS
“Do Not Track” is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform websites you visit that you do not wish to be tracked. The “Do Not Track” setting must be supported by the website you are visiting to be effective. Starkey is not currently able to support “Do Not Track” browser codes. Therefore, Starkey does not currently respond to or take any action regarding “Do Not Track” requests.
PERSONAL INFORMATION FROM CHILDREN
Starkey’s Products and Services are not directed to children under 13 years old. Consistent with United States law, specifically the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA), we do not knowingly collect Personal Information from anyone under the age of 13 in the United States without the consent of the individual’s parent or legal guardian. In the European Economic Area (EEA), we do not knowingly collect Personal Information from anyone under the age of 16, without the consent of the individual’s parent or legal guardian. Please contact our Data Protection Officer if you believe we have been provided Personal Information of a child without the appropriate consent of the parent or legal guardian.
CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
We may change our privacy practices and revise this privacy policy periodically. If we make significant changes (information we collect, how we use it, or why), we will highlight those changes at the beginning of this privacy policy. To the maximum extent permitted by law, any changes will become effective when we post the updated privacy policy on our websites, and you will be accepting the changes by your use of our Products and Services. We recommend you review our privacy policy frequently as you use our Products and Services, to keep up to date on Starkey’s privacy practices.
THIRD-PARTY PRODUCTS, SERVICES, AND WEBSITES
Please be aware that any third-party websites, software applications, or other products or services linked or accessible via Starkey’s websites, products, or services are governed by the third party’s terms of use and privacy policies. You should carefully review a third party’s terms of use and privacy policies before using the third party’s products or services.
CONTACT INFORMATION
Thank you for using our Products and Services, and for reviewing this privacy policy. We welcome your comments or questions. If you have any feedback, we encourage you to contact our Data Protection Officer at any of the following:
Starkey Laboratories, Inc.
Attn: Data Protection Officer
6700 Washington Avenue S.
Eden Prairie, MN 55344
1-800-627-5762
Data_Privacy@starkey.com