Privacy Policy
God's Knot, a Technomagination, LLC company, respects your privacy and we will protect any information you give to us. We have developed this privacy policy to explain our practices.
We will treat the information you give to us in confidence and will not disclose that information to others without your approval. God's Knot does not intend to obtain any personal information from minors. If you are under the age of 18, please do not provide us with any personal information.
Your privacy is very important to us. However, due to the existing legal and technical environment, we cannot ensure that your personally identifiable information will not be disclosed to third parties in ways not described in this policy. The only circumstances under which personally identifiable information about you will be shared in a manner inconsistent to that stated above is if we believe disclosure is reasonably necessary to:
comply with the law or legal process;
protect or defend the rights or property of God's Knot, Technomagination, LLC or others; or
respond to claims that the content of any communication on the God's Knot.com website violates the rights of others.
For example, we may be forced to disclose information to the government or third parties under certain circumstances, or third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications. Additionally, we can (and you authorize us to) disclose any information about you to private entities or to law enforcement or other government officials as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate to address or resolve inquiries or problems.
We will aggregate user information and perform statistical analyses of the collective characteristics and behavior of our members and visitors, to measure overall demographics and interests regarding specific areas of the God'sKnot.com domain and to analyze how and where to use our resources.  God's Knot may share general demographic and interest information with third parties and sales prospects, but such aggregate information is not personally identifiable. We also use the aggregate data collected to inform our sponsors or affiliates as to the number of people who have seen and "clicked" on their advertisement. In addition, God's Knot may compile and disclose aggregate information about its users for promotional or other purposes. For example, we might want to disclose that a certain percentage of our users are located within a particular geographic area or fall within a particular age range.
God's Knot uses session cookies (for an explanation of cookies, please see
http://www.epic.org/privacy/internet/cookies/
). Cookies help us determine how long users view particular content, which particular content (e.g., advertising) users view, which content or sites users link to, and which God's Knot services members and visitors use.
Session cookies help us keep track of when a person is logged in. Once a user is logged in, session cookies allow us to personalize information on our Web site for them, as well as keep track of lists to which they have subscription privileges.
How can I change or delete information about me stored at God's Knot.com?
As a registered God's Knot.com user, you have easy access to your information, along with the ability to change it. And, you can always choose to unsubscribe from any list you've signed up to at God's Knot.com.
How can I unsubscribe from email lists at God's Knot.com?
Reply to any message received from a God's Knot.com list with the term "REMOVE" in the subject line. Your email address will be unsubscribed.
Notification of Changes
If God's Knot or Technomagination, LLC intends to use your personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection, we will notify you via email. You will have a choice as to whether or not we use your information in this different manner. In addition, if we make any material changes in our privacy practices that do not affect user information already stored in our database, we will post a prominent notice on our web site notifying users of the change. In some cases when we post such a notice we will also email users who have opted to receive communications from us notifying them of the changes in our privacy practices.
If you have any questions or comments about this policy, please
contact us
.