Privacy Policy
This privacy statement describes how Mighty Mighty Good Games collects and uses the personal information you provide. It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your personal information and how you can access and update this information.
We only collect anonymous information
We do not collect personally identifiable information about you. In other words, we do not collect information such as your name, address, phone number or email address. We do not have any access to details associated with your Apple account such as your credit card.
We do not knowingly contact or collect personal information from children under 13. If you believe we have inadvertently collected such information, please contact us so we can promptly obtain parental consent or remove the information.
We do not store or share your precise location
We do not request, collect, or access your location information.
We do not share your personal data with other companies
We generally do not share personally identifiable information (such as name, address, email or phone) with other companies.
Ad companies collect anonymous data – you can opt out
Ad companies may use and collect anonymous data about your interests to customize content and advertising in our free games. Interest and location data may be linked to your device, but is not linked to your identity.
Click to see company privacy policies and opt-out choices:
Apple iAd
Google
MoPub
You can ask privacy questions
If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policies, please contact us.
Analytics providers access data on our behalf
Analytics companies may access anonymous data (such as your IP address or device ID) to help us understand how our games are used. They use this data solely on our behalf. They do not share it except in aggregate form; no data is shared as to any individual user.
Click to see company privacy policies that govern their use of data:
Flurry
Tapstream
We take detailed steps to protect personal information
We take reasonable administrative, physical and electronic measures designed to safeguard and protect your information from unauthorized access or disclosure. This includes utilizing Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts the personal information you input, and storing your information in encrypted form behind a firewall designed to block access from outside our network. However, no security or encryption method can be guaranteed to protect information from hackers or human error.
Information we collect may be stored or processed on computers located in any country where we do business.
Special situations may require disclosure of your data
To operate the company, we also may make identifiable and anonymous information available to third parties in these limited circumstances: (1) with your express consent, (2) when we have a good faith belief it is required by law, (3) when we have a good faith belief it is necessary to protect our rights or property, or (4) to any successor or purchaser in a merger, acquisition, liquidation, dissolution or sale of assets. Your consent will not be required for disclosure in these cases, but we will attempt to notify you, to the extent permitted by law to do so.
This privacy policy was last updated on February 19, 2013. Our privacy policy may change from time to time. If we make any material changes to our policies, we will place a prominent notice on our website. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.