Last Updated: 26th February 2025
RACING POST SITE - PRIVACY NOTICE
THIS PRIVACY NOTICE APPLIES TO THE RACING POST SITE AT WWW.RACINGPOST.COM INCLUDING MOBILE AND TABLET APPS, FOR EXAMPLE, ITS ANDROID, IPHONE AND IPAD APPS (“THE SITE”)
Changes to this Privacy Notice
We may revise or update this Privacy notice from time to time to keep up with changing legislation, industry best practice and any changes in how we process personal information. To keep up to date with such changes, we recommend you to check the site periodically to be informed of changes to this notice.
Introduction
The Site is owned and operated by Spotlight Sports Group trading as Racing Post ("us", "our", "we"). Spotlight Sports Group, trading as Racing Post, is the registered data controller referred to as ("us", "our", "we"), under the UK/EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and is registered with the Information Commissioner's Office under the Data Protection Registration Number of Z2636371.
We are committed to protecting the privacy of users of the Site. This Privacy notice explains what information we may collect about you, how we will use and share it, how you can exercise your privacy rights and the steps that we will take to ensure that such information is kept securely.
This Site may have links to other websites. Any third party websites accessed via our website, should have their own privacy notices. We recommend that you read such notices to find out how your personal data is processed, used, shared and protected. We are not responsible for the content of the privacy notices of these third party websites.
What We Collect
When you use this Site we may collect details about you, such as:
Email addresses
Full Name
Address (Shipping/Billing)
Phone Numbers
Transaction information such as payment for subscriptions
User/Device ID/Internet Protocol Address
Anonymised behavioural data regarding the way users interact with our websites/apps
Information you provide when you enter prize draws, quizzes, competitions or answer surveys, such as information about your lifestyle including your favourite sports, interests and gambling habits.
Racing Post does not collect or process special categories of personal data, or the data of minors.
Our mobile applications, which include Racing Post, Racing Post News and Progeny Tracker, may answer or place phone calls, access/modify the phone state, or access the geographical location of the mobile phone.
Device Identifiers
Our Apps require access to identifiers stored on your mobile device. We send this information to our servers for the purpose of validating free trials, messaging and analytics. We may use this information  to seek your feedback on the website/app and to notify you of new products and features in accordance with this Privacy Notice. We will use this information inline with the preferences you select and may make this data available to selected third parties for use in communication which you have agreed to. The ability to update your preferences at any time is made available in your account profile, emails and on your mobile device.
For Racing Post News, specifically, the app may access external storage and read or write phone contacts.
How We Collect Your Personal Information
Such details are collected in a number of ways: they can be obtained via the use of cookies (please see our
Cookie Policy
), or other tracking systems or when you register to purchase a particular product or service from us. We may also collect information you give us over the telephone or in written or other communications.
How We Use Your Personal Data and Our Lawful Basis
We use the information we collect from you for the following purposes:
to fulfil orders you have made for products or services;
to conduct market research, compile customer reviews and analysis;
to verify your identity;
to personalise your visits to the Site and develop the design and style of the Site to improve the services provided to you;
to inform you about the latest changes to the Site or products, services or promotional offers that you might find interesting;
to communicate with you or to deal with, and respond to you about a comment you have submitted;
to inform you if you have been successful in any Site competitions or promotions and;
to carry out  statistical, technical and logistical analysis.
Lawful Bases
Racing Post collects and processes data as part of our activities. Some of this data is collected and processed based on your consent such as registration on our website. By registering on the Site, you consent to us collecting and using your details in accordance with this Privacy Notice.  Some of it is required in order to meet legal and contractual obligations in instances where you sign up for a subscription. Some of it will be processed on the basis of Legitimate Interest.
We are committed to ensuring that the information we collect and use is appropriate for this purpose, and does not constitute an invasion of your privacy. We may pass your personal data on to our service providers who are contracted to Racing Post in the course of dealing with you. Our contractors are obliged to keep your details securely, and use them only to fulfil the service they provide. If we share your sensitive personal data with a third party, we will only do so once we have obtained your consent, unless we are legally required to do so.
The information gathered pursuant to this Privacy Notice may be used by us and companies in the same group as us (i.e. companies which share the same ultimate parent company) as set out herein.
Please do not submit your personal information to us if you do not wish us to collect it. If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to be contacted by us, please notify us by email at the following address
help@racingpost.com
.
Our aim is not to be intrusive, and we undertake not to ask irrelevant or unnecessary questions. Moreover, the information you provide will be subject to rigorous security measures and procedures to minimise the risk of unauthorised access or disclosure.
You will not receive unsolicited marketing mail from us or trusted third parties unless you have consented to this. However, Racing Post may email you occasionally with information about changes to the site, the subscription services available and products you are currently or have been subscribed to in the past, where there is a legitimate interest to do so.
If we contact you via email, in-app or SMS, you have the opportunity to decline to receive future emails through unsubscribing from the mailing list.
Who Do We Share The Information We Collect With
We will not sell, trade, rent or make available your personal information to others outside of Spotlight Sports Group. You may have given permission to be contacted by our trusted advertisers, partners, affiliates or other third parties with offers relating to their products, offers, services or promotions. If you subsequently decide you no longer wish to be contacted by our advertisers, partners, affiliates or other third parties, please notify us by email at the following address
help@racingpost.com
or unsubscribe on the email.
We compile anonymous statistics of user trends which we may make use of ourselves, or pass to our associated companies and/or selected partners.
We may disclose anonymised details about use of our web sites to other businesses e.g. to demonstrate patterns of use to advertisers and other business partners. The information we pass on will not include any personal information by which you may be identified. For more information on this, please refer to our Cookie Notice.
We may forward your personal details to the Police, another regulatory body or an official government authority if we are asked to do so or are obliged to do so in order to comply with applicable laws, an investigation of suspected illegal activities, or any suspected misuse of our website by you. Where it is lawful and necessary we may also monitor emails you send and receive to and from us.
If you use any of our gaming services, to comply with legislation, we will independently verify your details with a 3rd party agency, who may in turn retain that data for their purposes. We are not liable for how third parties process and collect your personal data. We strongly recommend you to read through any third party privacy notices for further information on how they process your personal data and your rights relating to that data.
We may transfer or assign any of the information described in this notice to third parties as a result of a sale, merger, consolidation, change of control, transfer of assets or reorganisation of our business. This is in our legitimate interests for business continuity.
Data Security
We have adopted measures to ensure that users' personal details are not misused, accidentally destroyed, lost or altered. Where information is transferred to a third party, that third party will be required to keep your personal details secure to the same standards we apply.
We endeavour to prevent unauthorised disclosures of your personal information by any approved suppliers that we work with. Notwithstanding, we are not responsible for any unauthorised disclosures or other breaches of security or for the actions of others if the information was passed to them with your permission or with the authority of anybody other than us or our associated companies.
Please be aware that if you disclose information on chat areas, forums or other public services it may be possible for other people to use this information. We are not responsible for the disclosure of any information you post publicly.
Transfer of Your Personal Data Outside the UK
Given the global nature of the Internet, the use of the Internet to collect and process personal details may involve the transmission of data internationally. Therefore, by browsing the Site and communicating electronically with us, you acknowledge and agree that we may process your personal details overseas. However, we will always ensure that any third party to whom your personal details are transferred, that we will take appropriate steps to safeguard your personal information. These steps include international data transfer assessments (IDTAs) and Standard Contractual Clauses (SCC) in line with the UK/European Commission’s guidance.
Retaining Your Personal Data
Racing Post will process – that means collect, store and use – the information you provide in a manner that is compatible with the UK/EU’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). We also comply with US state regulation as outlined further down our Privacy Notice.
We will endeavour to keep your information accurate and up to date and not keep it for longer than is necessary. In some instances the law sets the length of time information has to be kept, but in most cases Racing Post will use its discretion to ensure that we do not keep records outside of our normal business requirements.
Information of individuals with active accounts will be retained for as long as the account is kept in use. Accounts that have not been used for over 7 years will be deemed as inactive, and thus, we will endeavour to delete the information after this period.
Data of individuals who subscribe to the Racing Post Members’ Club Services or have made a financial transaction will be kept for 6 years + 1 in line with HMRC Records Management and Retention and Disposal Policy.
We will not keep your personal information for longer than is necessary in line with our retention periods. Once it has been decided that the information is no longer needed, or you have enacted your right for erasure, it will be deleted in line with your
r
ights under GDPR
. There may be limitations or exceptions where we are unable to delete your data if we have a legal obligation to retain it and this will be reviewed on a case by case basis.
Your Rights and How to Exercise them
Under the UK/EU’s General Data Protection Regulation you have multiple rights relating to the personal data we collect and process. However, they may be subject to exemptions and restrictions in some cases. We will always notify you of such limitations explaining our lawful basis for doing so.
Right to be Informed
We are obliged to ensure that we are transparent about how we collect and process your personal data. All of this information can be found within this privacy notice.
Right to Access
Individuals have the right to access and receive a copy of their personal data, and other supplementary information where applicable. In some cases, we may need to verify your identity as part of this request.
We will provide you with a summary of personal details that we hold on you upon your request, this could be subject to an administrative charge for requests deemed to be manifestly unfounded or excessive.
Right to Rectification
We will take reasonable steps to ensure the information we hold about you is accurate and up to date. We will not use your personal information unless it is (to the best of our knowledge) accurate and complete.
Right to Erasure
Individuals have the right to request their data to be deleted where there is no reason for us to continue to process it. However, this may mean that we can no longer provide you with the products or services that you wish to receive.
Under certain circumstances, such as a legal obligation we may not always be able to delete your data.
Right to Restrict Processing
Individuals have the right to request the restriction or suppression of their personal data. We will still retain the data but not process it any further when you  exercise this right. Individuals may exercise this right when one of the following conditions apply:
The accuracy of the personal data is contested.
Where processing of the personal data is deemed unlawful.
We no longer require the personal data for processing, however the personal data is required in the defence of a legal claim or legal obligation.
The individual has exercised the right to object and processing is restricted pending a decision on the status of processing.
Right to Data Portability
The right to data portability allows individuals to obtain and reuse their personal data for their own purposes across different services, in a commonly used and machine readable format. This right is applicable where processing is based on consent, automated means or if the processing is based on a contractual obligation.
Right to Object
An individual may exercise their right to object where processing is based on legitimate interests or for the purpose of direct marketing.
Right to Withdraw Consent
Individuals may withdraw consent at any time if we are relying on your consent to process your personal data.
Rights related to Automated Decision making including Profiling
We do not use automated decision making as part of any of our processing activities however we may use profiling based on automated decision making when looking at behavioural analytics. This data is pseudonymised data which we would use to tailor the services we provide to you.
Contact Us
To exercise any of your above rights please contact SAR@racingpost.com.
Making a Data Protection Complaint
If you have any concerns about our use of your personal data, or the way we handle your requests relating to your rights, you can make a complaint to us by contacting
sar@racingpost.com
or by contacting our Data Protection Officer, Darren Allen at
DPO@racingpost.com
.
If you are not satisfied with how we handled your request, you are entitled to make a complaint directly with the UK Information Commissioners Office (ICO) via the details available on their website and listed below:
www.ico.org.uk
By Post:
Information Commissioner’s Office
Wycliffe House
Water Lane
Wilmslow
Cheshire
SK9 5AF
Helpline Number:
0303 123 1113
U.S. Appendix
This Appendix applies when the Spotlight Sports Group Controller trading as Racing Post is providing you with services outside of the US or if you are a targeted customer who lives in the US.
Users in California
The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) provides certain rights to residents of California. This section applies if you are a natural person who is a resident of California (“California Consumer”) and uses our Website. Certain terms used below have the meanings given to them in the CCPA.
Your Rights
California residents have the right to exercise the following rights including not to be discriminated against based upon whether you decide to opt-out.
The right to be informed about how we collect, use and share your personal information.
The right to access your personal information.
The right to delete your personal information.
The right to opt out of sale or sharing of your personal information - The CCPA specifically sets forth certain obligations for businesses that “sell” personal information. Based on the definition of “sell” under the CCPA and under current regulatory guidance, we do not believe we engage in such activity and have not engaged in such activity in the past.
The right to correct your personal information.
The right to limit the use of and disclosure of your sensitive information, including to third parties.
The right to sue for data breaches. If you feel that we have breached our obligations to protect and secure your data reasonably, please notify us in writing about the violation by emailing us at contacting us by post using the contact details provided below. We endeavour to respond within 30 days but if you feel we have not promptly responded within this period, you have the right to file a lawsuit against us. In the first instance, we would always encourage you to notify us so that we can investigate the matter promptly.
You also have the right to designate an agent to exercise these rights on your behalf.  Your authorised agent must be able to provide evidence that they can act on your behalf for exercising any rights.
To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may charge a reasonable fee to comply with your request and will notify you of the costs and our justification for doing so before handling your request.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your rights under the CCPA. We will continue to communicate with you directly and send you information about our services and any additional communication that is relevant to you.
We aim to respond to consumer requests within 45 days of receipt in line with CCPA legislation. If we require additional time to respond to your request, we will inform you of this in writing along with our reason for doing so.
Contact Us
If you would like to exercise any of your rights under U.S. jurisdiction, you can easily do so by contacting sar@racingpost.com, or contacting our DPO directly at
DPO@racingpost.com
or by mailing us at:
Racing Post
Floor 7, Vivo Building
South Bank Central
30 Stamford Street
London
SE1 9LS
General
Nothing in this Privacy Notice shall restrict or exclude any liability that we have to any party which cannot be excluded by law. This Privacy Notice shall be governed by English law and the courts of England and Wales and shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any disputes arising in relation to this Privacy Notice and the Site.
Related articles
Terms and conditions
Expert View - How to read a racecard
Organisations that offer support in relation to safer gambling
How do I login to the Racing Post app?
Racing Post Rewards - Terms and conditions