ToS and Privacy
Important
The website whiterisk.ch and the mobile app White Risk, both of which are offered by the SLF and Suva (“the Publishers”), do not in any way replace practical avalanche training in the field. The White Risk website and app must not be used as the sole tool for any form of decision-making in avalanche-prone terrain. Any persons moving away from secured slopes or undertaking backcountry tours in wintry terrain expose themselves to avalanche danger and accept both that risk and the responsibility for any damage or injury caused by the triggering of an avalanche. In secured areas, the instructions must be followed.
Use of White Risk
The web-based platform White Risk (whiterisk.ch) currently includes the modules EXPLORE, LEARN, TOUR and PRO. The TOUR module is linked to the White Risk app.
The free version grants access, free of charge, to EXPLORE, the “Avalanche danger ratings and warning signs” e-learning lesson in LEARN and the TOUR module with OpenStreetMap maps. The full version of White Risk, with all modules, can be trialled free of charge for a single 14-day period.
Further use of White Risk is only possible if the corresponding plan is purchased.
Plans and prices
Payment of the plan fee entitles the user to use the relevant modules as described below.
The following plans are available:
Standard plan: CHF 29.- per year
Full use of EXPLORE, LEARN and TOUR (on the website and in the app, incl. all available topographical maps with additional layers)
Pro plan: CHF 58.- per year
Standard plan plus full use of PRO
The publishers reserve the right to change the prices.
Personal and payment data is processed directly by the provider of the specific payment system. We do not know or store your payment data. The data protection regulations of the provider of the online payment system apply additionally.
Subscription period and cancellation
The subscription fee is paid using the payment method specified by the user. Following payment, the user receives an annual subscription. This will be renewed for another year upon expiry, with the applicable subscription fee automatically charged to the specified payment method. The user can cancel the plan at any time in their user account and will continue to have access to the relevant service until the end of the billing period. One week before the annual subscription expires, the user will receive an email reminding them that the plan is due to expire soon and will either be renewed automatically or must be manually renewed in the user account.
The publishers are entitled to terminate the plan with immediate effect if the user violates a provision of these terms and conditions.
Coupon credit
Credit redeemed in the form of a coupon can only be used to pay for White Risk subscriptions or student vouchers on the website whiterisk.ch. Credit on a user account cannot be paid out or redeemed in any other way.
Scope of use and copyright
The user acquires the non-transferable and non-exclusive right to use the subscribed applications. The user undertakes to protect the identifier assigned to him/her (username, password) and not to make it accessible to third parties.
The entire content of the website whiterisk.ch and of the app White Risk is protected by copyright and the right holders reserve all rights except the right of use. It is therefore prohibited to reproduce, duplicate, distribute or transfer to third parties the website and app or parts thereof in any form whatsoever.
The geo data built into the website and app (geo data © swisstopo) are the property of the Swiss Confederation. Private users may use these geo data for personal, non-commercial purposes only. Commercial end-users may use the geo data for internal purposes only. The geo data may only be used in White Risk (app and web versions) and may not be passed on, whether altered or unaltered, to third parties.
Updates
The geo data built into the website and app (geo data © swisstopo) are the property of the Swiss Confederation. Private users may use these geo data for personal, non-commercial purposes only. Commercial end-users may use the geo data for internal purposes only. The geo data may only be used in White Risk (app and web versions) and may not be passed on, whether altered or unaltered, to third parties.
The Publishers are entitled, but not required, to make updates to the application. The user consents to receiving e-mails about any updates or changes.
Guarantee and liability
While the Publishers have made every effort to ensure that the content and information provided by the website and app are correct, they assume no responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of said content and information. The website whiterisk.ch and the White Risk app are no substitute for practical avalanche training in the field.
The Publishers accept no liability for direct or indirect damages, insofar as this is legally permissible.
The Publishers assume no responsibility and make no guarantee that the functions of the website and the app will not be interrupted. The Publishers reserve the right to alter the content of the website and app or temporarily suspend their publication without prior notice at any time, for any reason and in any way whatsoever. The Publishers accept no liability for any consequences resulting from this. The Publishers do not guarantee that the White Risk website and app and the relevant servers are free from viruses or other harmful components.
Should a defect arise, it must be described in detail in a written defect notice so that it can be reviewed and the possibility of user error can be ruled out. The Publishers are under no obligation to fix any errors. Users are not entitled to documentation or to support services.
Links to other websites
The Publishers have not reviewed the websites linked to the White Risk website and are not responsible for their content. Any user connecting to these other websites does so at his/her own risk.
Amendments to the provisions
These terms and conditions may be supplemented or amended at any time due to changes in the legal situation or to the services offered.
Place of jurisdiction
The place of jurisdiction for any disputes is Zurich. Swiss law alone applies.
Data protection
Principle
Data protection is a high priority for White Risk. The data protection policy set out below gives you an overview of how your data are processed, your rights, and your contact point.
Who is responsible for processing your data?
The WSL Institute for Snow and Avalanche Research (SLF) is responsible for processing your data. The SLF is part of the Swiss Federal Institute for Forest Snow and Landscape Research (WSL). The WSL is a government research centre and belongs to the ETH domain.
WSL Institute for Snow and Avalanche Research SLF
Flüelastrasse 11
7260 Davos Dorf
Contact: whiterisk@slf.ch
What personal data do we collect?
If you register on the website or in the app personally, we need certain personal information from you, such as your name and address.
If you plan backcountry tours with White Risk TOUR (whether on whiterisk.ch/tour or in the app), we also collect trip planning data, i.e. the data that you enter in the trip planner (e.g. route, details like the participants’ names or telephone numbers, notes) on our server so that you can view them on the web platform or in the app. You can delete these data at any time.
What is the purpose and legal basis for the processing?
The collected data are processed for the purpose of facilitating use of the services offered. The data processing is intended to enable us to tailor our website, app and services to users’ needs. Certain anonymised data may also be processed for research purposes and for market analysis. Any other use of your personal information, particularly sale to third parties, is expressly excluded. As a registered customer, you can ask us about the content of your customer data.
By using the app and/or the website, you give your consent to the processing of your data in the manner described above.
The website also uses cookies. Please read our cookie notice for more information.
Are your data transferred to third parties?
We will treat your personal data confidentially and will only transfer them to third parties in anonymised form. These third parties may be located abroad.
How long do we store your data?
We store your data until you no longer want to use your account and notify us of your wish to delete it.
What are your rights?
You have the following rights, which you can exercise by contacting the party responsible for processing your data. If you wish to exercise your rights, submit a written request and a copy of your passport or identity card to us.
Right to object: Should you object, we will no longer process your data unless there are compelling legitimate reasons for processing that outweigh your interests, or unless the processing serves the purpose of safeguarding legal claims.
Right to information: You have the right to obtain information from us about whether we process data concerning you and to what extent. If you wish to exercise this right, submit a written request and a copy of your passport or identity card to us.
Right to rectification: You have the right to request the correction of any inaccurate data concerning you.
Right to deletion: You have the right to request the deletion of your data provided that this is not precluded by legal obligations and/or the safeguarding of legal claims.
How do we protect your data?
Please note that the internet is accessible to the public. Voluntary disclosure of personal information over the internet is at your own risk. Your data may, in particular, get lost and/or fall into the hands of unauthorised persons.
We treat the data transmitted to us confidentially and take appropriate technical and organisational measures to protect it against loss, unauthorised disclosure and unauthorised processing.