Vaibhav Electronics Pvt Ltd operates the website
https://myappstudios.com
and develops applications for mobile platforms such as iOS and Android.
This page declares our policies regarding collection of personal information, if any, through use of our website and mobile applications.
Information Collection and Use
Vaibhav Electronics does not collect or store any demographic, locational or any other sensitive user information either from any users of our mobile applications, or from our website.
Some of our mobile applications (iOS and Android), make use of the official Google Admob SDK to serve advertisements to the user, during the course of using the application.  These apps fully conform to the guidelines and best practices for use of Google Admob, as specified from time to time by Google.
The Google Admob SDK, in these mobile applications, may make use of the user’s device advertising identifier, in order to customize and improve the delivery of advertisements to be shown to the user. You are advised to study the Google Admob Privacy Policy for further information at
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
and
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
For iOS users, the following page describes the usage and collection of data by Google Admob SDK –
https://developers.google.com/admob/ios/data-disclosure
Some of our mobile gaming applications for iOS Devices, make use of Apple’s Game Center services and platforms to provide additional features such as Global High Score Leaderboards, Game Achievements and playing against remote opponents in a game.  These Game Center features are entirely
optional
in all such applications. The said applications are also fully compliant with Apple Guidelines and requirements for Game Center. No Game Center User information is collected except as may be required to authenticate a Game Center user and transmit game related data to the Game Center Service. Under no circumstances does Vaibhav Electronics store any user data from Game Center. You are advised to study the Game Center terms of usage and service for further information.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is effective as of 1
st
January, 2017 and will remain in effect. Any changes to its provisions in the future, will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page.
We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time and it is advised that you check this Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of our Website and Mobile Applications, post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.
Any material changes to this Privacy Policy, will be notified by placing a prominent notice on our website.
Contact Us
For any further questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
Email: vepl09@
gmail.com