Privacy
Garmin
Your Privacy Matters to Garmin
Our goal is to make sure you know how we collect, use, share, and store your personal data when you create a Garmin account, interact with our customer support specialists, and visit
Garmin.com
or other Garmin websites and apps covered by this privacy policy.
What personal data does Garmin collect?
Garmin makes products that are engineered on the inside for life on the outside. We ask for personal data — such as your name, email address, location, and other information — so you can sign in to your account, receive personalized support, receive important safety information about your devices, and get the most out of our products.
Learn More
When You Make a Garmin Account
Garmin stores information such as your name, email address, and password so you can sign in. It also helps us verify your account if you call customer support.
When You Sync Devices
When you sync devices, data such as your IP address, sync time and date, and battery level will be uploaded to Garmin.
When You Buy Products or Subscriptions
When you buy products or subscriptions through our website, stores, or apps, we ask for information such as your name, address, phone number, and other information needed to collect your payment and fulfill your order. We have a third party process your payment information, but Garmin does not store your payment card details.
When You Use Location Features
Sometimes we need to collect your device’s location. That makes it a lot easier to tell you about things such as weather in your area, nearby traffic, and even movie prices near you.
When You Use Auto Navigation
With your consent, Garmin collects information that includes location, direction, and speed to help with features such as parking and traffic.
When You Contact Garmin
We know you might want to stay off the grid, but we may collect things such as your contact, device, or subscription information during support calls to ensure that you get the help you need.
View Full Privacy Policy
Why does Garmin ask for your personal data?
From providing product support to offering clear directions to your destination, any information we ask you for is used to improve your experience with Garmin.
Learn More
To Keep You Informed
When we have something important to tell you about your products, apps, subscriptions, or account — such as vital safety information, app updates, new products or deals, and updates to our privacy policy — we use collected contact information to reach you.
To Improve Our Sites and Apps
When you visit our sites or use our apps, we collect information — such as your IP address, location, times that you visit, and more — to let us know how people navigate our sites and apps and how we can improve them.
To Give You Information You Might Actually Find Interesting
We use things such as cookies, pixel tags, and similar tools to help us provide better, more relevant content on our sites. So, if you and everyone else are coming to our websites for awesome devices, we’ll know to keep making them.
We also use these tools to see how effective our ads are and to identify any problems that we need to fix. All in all, we just want to give you websites that are worth browsing.
View Full Privacy Policy
Does Garmin sell your personal data?
No! We don’t sell your personal data to anyone. And we only share personal data with others in specific situations.
Learn More
Data Shared with Content and Feature Providers
With your consent, we share information collected from your auto navigation device — such as location, direction, and speed — with third parties that provide content and features such as traffic and parking information.
Data Shared Within Garmin
Garmin is global, which means that Garmin has companies all over the world that work together to provide our products/services and support our business. No matter which Garmin company handles your information, it is still secured under this privacy policy.
Data Shared with Service Providers
We share personal data with third parties who provide services — such as fulfilling orders, processing payments, and sending emails to customers — for us.
Data Shared for Legal Reasons
We will share your personal data when required to by law enforcement and in other legal matters.
View Full Privacy Policy
How can you manage your personal data?
Visit our
Account Management Center
to manage your data or exercise your rights. If you have questions about your rights,
click here
to learn more.
View Full Privacy Policy