Scotiabank’s Privacy Commitment
Since 1832, Scotiabank’s business and reputation have been built on trusted relationships with our customers, employees, and other stakeholders. The protection of information in our custody is a critical component of these trusted relationships.
As part of our ongoing commitment to fostering and maintaining trust, Scotiabank has established a robust privacy program that is designed to protect the personal information entrusted to us.
We work hard to:
Be Accountable:
We have established a foundational privacy framework that sets out the structure and accountability for the treatment of personal information across the Bank. Our privacy framework is overseen by a dedicated Privacy Office, led by our Global Privacy Officer, that sets and maintains Scotiabank’s privacy program.
Be Safe:
We have implemented measures designed to protect the personal information that has been entrusted to us.
Be Respectful:
We collect, use, and disclose personal information in a manner that is fair, ethical and non-discriminatory.
Be Useful:
We use information to deliver value, enhance the banking experience, and to manage our business.
Be Adaptable:
We monitor privacy and data protection laws, standards and industry practices so that we can provide our products and services in a privacy-respectful manner.
Be Transparent:
We explain how we handle personal information in a clear and easily accessible manner.
The following documents describe our privacy practices:
Privacy Agreement
Our Privacy Agreement describes how we treat personal information including the types of personal information we collect, when and why we collect and use personal information, and the circumstances when we share and disclose it.
Learn more
Digital Privacy and Interest-Based Advertising Policy
Our Digital Privacy and Interest-Based Advertising Policy describes how Scotiabank uses cookies and other technologies on its websites, including to deliver more relevant advertising.
Learn more
Residents of California and Texas
Please click
here
for the Scotiabank U.S. Multi-state Supplemental Privacy Notice.