Privacy and Data Protection Policy
Terms & Conditions
| Privacy Policy |
Cookies Policy
Version applicable from 18 February 2025
1. General
Comuto SA (hereinafter, “BlaBlaCar”), (whose registered office is located at 84, avenue de la République, 75011 Paris, France) attaches great importance to the protection and respect of your privacy.
BlaBlaCar has developed a ridesharing platform accessible on a website or in the form of a mobile application, and designed to (i) (i) to put drivers travelling to a given destination in contact with passengers going in the same direction, in order to enable them to share the Trip and therefore the associated costs, (ii) to book tickets for bus trips operated by Bus Operators (the “Bus Operators”) and (iii) search for and make the purchase from BlaBlaCar Train Tickets from the train operators (the “Rail Companies”) that we distribute (hereinafter, the “Platform”).
Comuto SA acts as a data controller regarding the collection, use and sharing of the information that you provide to us through the Platform.
In the event that you purchase Bus Tickets or Train Tickets, your personal data will be transmitted respectively to the Bus Operators or Rail Companies which act as separate data controllers. The data controller for journeys operated by BlaBlaCar Bus is Comuto Pro, a 100% subsidiary of Comuto SA, whose head office is located at 84, avenue de la République – 75011 Paris. Comuto SA and/or Comuto Pro will hereinafter be referred to as “BlaBlaCar”, “we” or “us”.
In the event that you subscribe to insurance products through the Platform or insurance products distributed by BlaBlaCar, the person responsible for processing the data collected and/or processed as part of this subscription is the company BlaBla Insurance, a 100% subsidiary of Comuto SA, whose head office is located at 84, avenue de la République – 75011 Paris. Comuto SA and/or BlaBla Insurance will hereinafter be referred to as “BlaBlaCar”, “we” or “us”.
Regarding other data controllers responsible for certain activities, please refer to the section “Who are the recipients of the information we collect and why do we share this information with them? ?” below.
This Privacy Policy (together with our Terms & Conditions and any document referred to therein as well as our Cookie Policy) explains how we process the personal data we collect and that you provide to us. We invite you to read this document carefully to know and understand our practices regarding the processing of your personal data that we implement.
2. Information we collect
We may collect and process the following data:
2.1. Information you send to us directly
By using our Platform, you may provide us with information, some of which may identify you or the passengers for whom you are making reservations (“Personal Data”). This is particularly the case when you fill out forms (such as the registration form), when you participate in one of our games, competitions, promotional offers, studies or surveys, when you contact us – whether by telephone, email or any other means of communication – or when you inform us of a problem concerning the use of our Platform.
This information contains in particular the following data:
2.1.1. The data necessary for registration and provision of the service we provide on our Platform:
– Creation of an account: Your first and last name, email address, date of birth, password are required to create an account on the Platform.
– Reserving and/or publishing a carpool trip: Your telephone number is necessary for publishing or booking a carpool trip.
– Reserving a Bus Ticket: You can reserve a bus ticket via your account or only with your email address. Passenger information (surname, first name and date of birth) is mandatory.
– Reserving a Train Ticket: You can reserve a train ticket via your account or only with your email address and telephone number. Passenger information (surname, first name, date of birth and identity document number for a reservation in Spain) is mandatory.
Otherwise, BlaBlaCar will not be able to provide you with the services offered by our Platform or, where applicable, you will not be authorized to create an account on our Platform;
2.1.2. A photograph published on your profile;
2.1.3. A postal address;
2.1.4. Your mini-biography,
2.1.5 Your gender when you provide this information;
2.1.6. A copy of all written exchanges between you and BlaBlaCar; we may record and/or listen to telephone conversations between you and BlaBlaCar (for example, with our Customer Service);
2.1.7. A copy of all reservations or publications made on our Platform;
2.1.8. Details of financial or accounting transactions carried out on our Platform or by any other means, including information relating to your payment card, your banking details, information relating to journeys booked or for which you have published an advertisement on our Platform. This information may include your travel preferences;
2.1.9. Details of your visits to our Platform and the content you accessed;
2.1.10. Where applicable, your responses to our surveys and questionnaires and the opinions you have left to evaluate a trip made through our Platform, this information being particularly likely to be used in the context of research and analysis of user behavior;
2.1.11. The data that we may ask you to provide when you notify us of a problem relating to our Platform or our services, such as the subject of your support request;
2.1.12. Data linked to your location so that we can respond to your search for trips near you or to facilitate the publication of a trip;
2.1.13. A copy of your passport, your identity card or any other similar document that you have agreed to provide to us as part of the Verified Profile;
2.1.14. Data relating to your insurance subscription, as well as your waivers of these subscriptions, if applicable, and a copy of the declarations made and forms completed for the purposes of subscriptions or contract management.
2.2. Data we collect automatically
2.2.1. In the event that you connect to our services using the social network features made available to you, BlaBlaCar will have access to certain of the data (in particular, your first name, last name, photograph and email address) of your account on said social network in accordance with the general conditions of use of the social network concerned. We may also collect some of your Personal Data when you interact with features of these social networks, such as “Like” features.
2.2.2. During each of your visits, we may collect, in accordance with applicable legislation and with your consent, if applicable, information relating to the devices on which you use our services or to the networks from which you access our services, such as in particular your IP addresses, connection data, types and versions of internet browsers used, types and versions of plugins of your browser, operating systems and platforms, data concerning your navigation path on our Platform, in particular your journey on the different URL pages of our Platform, the content to which you access or that you view, the search terms used, download errors, length of time you view certain pages, your device’s advertising ID, interactions with the page, and any phone number used to contact us. Among the technologies used to collect this information, we use cookies (to find out more about this, please refer to our Cookie Policy).
2.2.3. We also collect information about your use of our Platform (such as the number of advertisements published, your response rate to messages, your registration date, your average reviews received, etc.) which may be displayed on your public profile, when you have one.
2.2.4. Finally, we collect information about you from our insurer partners or insurance intermediaries as part of your requests for eligibility for insurance programs or your subscription to insurance contracts offered when we act as an insurance agent.
2.3. Duration of retention of your data
2.3.1. With the exception of the categories of Personal Data referred to in articles 2.3.2. and 2.3.3. below, your Personal Data is archived at the end of the following periods:
– 5 years after your last use of our Platform, if you have not closed your account;
– 30 days after closing your account, unless you have received a negative review or report, in which case your data is kept for 2 years following the closure of your account.
2.3.2. The following categories of Personal Data may be retained for different periods of time:
– Financial data (e.g. payments, reimbursements, etc.) are kept for the period required by applicable tax and accounting laws (e.g. accounting documents and vouchers are kept for up to 10 years);
– The data collected as part of the subscription to insurance products are kept for the duration of the insurance contract subscribed and the duration necessary to manage your claims if applicable;
– The content created by you on our Platform (such as comments, opinions and ratings) is made anonymous after the deadlines mentioned in 2.3.1 but remains visible on our Platform;
– Logging data is retained for up to 12 months from collection;
– Telephone conversations with our Customer Service are kept for up to 1 month and analysis documents (such as the time or duration of the call) are kept for up to 1 year,
– The data related to the control of your identity documents are kept for a period of one (1) year in order to carry out checks and detect fraud.
– The information relating to your payment card that you have consented to be recorded for your future transactions on the Platform is retained until the moment you withdraw your consent, or until the expiration date of the payment card, whichever comes first.
2.3.3. In the event that your account has been suspended or blocked, we retain your data for a period of 2 or 10 years depending on the severity of the violation from the suspension in order to avoid any circumvention on your part of the rules in force on our Platform.
2.3.4. Then, we may keep some of your Personal Data in archives for a period not exceeding five (5) years in order to comply with our legal obligations and for the management of possible disputes.
3. How do we use the data we collect?
We implement various processing operations relating to your personal data, the purposes and legal bases of which are detailed below:
PURPOSE
LEGAL BASIS
Allow you to use the Platform
3.1
execute contracts entered into between you and us and provide you with the information and services requested;
This processing is necessary for the performance of our respective contractual obligations.
3.2
Collect your payments and send you the amounts owed to you
via our payment solutions;
This processing is necessary for the performance of our respective contractual obligations and compliance with our legal obligations.
3.3
allow you to save your payment card information for your future transactions on the Platform
;
This processing is carried out on the basis of your consent. You can withdraw your consent at any time by deleting your information in your profile or by contacting our Customer Service.
3.4
allow you to personalize your profile on our Platform;
This processing is carried out on the basis of your consent.  You can withdraw your consent at any time by deleting your personalized information in your profile or by contacting our Customer Service.
3.5
allow you to communicate and exchange with other members of our community or the transport operators distributed on the Platform, in particular with regard to our services or the journey(s) already taken or that you plan to take;
This processing is necessary for the performance of our respective contractual obligations.
3.6
allow you to use the interactive features of our services if you wish, such as searching for trips around you based on your location or publishing trips based on your location;
This processing is necessary for the performance of our respective contractual obligations.
Customer Service Management
3.7
give you access and allow you to communicate with our Customer Service;
This processing is necessary for the execution of our respective contractual obligations.
3.8
improve our Customer Service and train our customer advisors by recording your telephone conversations with us;
This processing is based on our legitimate interests (providing you with quality customer support/improving our customer support). You can object to this processing during each contact.
The fight against fraud and compliance with the T&Cs
3.9
Detect, prevent and react to any breach or non-compliance on your part with the Terms and Conditions. For these purposes, we use automatic analysis technologies of your use of the Platform.
In this context, certain decisions can be taken automatically. These decisions are based on defined criteria and aim to identify and prevent fraudulent behavior within our services. To make these automated decisions, we may process different categories of data, for example, email address, telephone number, IP address, information relating to payment methods, information about your use of our services, etc.
This processing is based on our legitimate interest (to avoid any circumvention on your part of the rules in force on our Platform and to maintain a healthy and secure environment on our Platform). You can exercise your right of opposition by contacting our Customer Service.  The legal basis for data processing in the context of automated decision-making is the performance of the contract between you and us. You have the right to obtain human intervention from us, to express your point of view and to contest the decision by contacting our Customer Service.
3.10
Verify your identity declared on your profile and allow you to obtain the “Verified Profile” badge.
This processing is necessary for the performance of our respective contractual obligations.
This processing may be made mandatory in accordance with the legal obligations incumbent on our payment providers, in which case the processing is necessary for the execution of our respective contractual obligations.
Communications
3.11
send you the documents and information necessary for the use of our services (such as, for example, reservation confirmations) by e-mail, text messages or any other means of communication;
This processing is necessary for the performance of our respective contractual obligations. You can change your communication preferences in your profile settings on the app.
3.12
In order to inform you, by email, SMS or any other means of communication, of changes made to our services and to support you in the use of our services.
This processing is carried out on the basis of our legitimate interest (providing you with relevant information). In this case, you can object to this processing during each contact and you can manage your preferences directly in the preference center.
3.13
contact you by email, text message, telephone call or other means of communication for marketing purposes regarding BlaBlaCar services and products.
This processing is based on our legitimate interest (to offer you relevant advertisements), in this case you have a right to object which you can exercise by modifying your communication preferences in your profile settings on the application, by contacting our Customer Service or by following the specific instructions provided in the corresponding communication channel (for example, by clicking on the unsubscribe link; by responding with ‘STOP’; by expressing your opposition during the telephone call, etc.).
3.14
send you emails for marketing purposes regarding the services and products of our third party partners.
This processing is based on your consent. You can withdraw your consent via your communications preferences in your profile; by clicking on the unsubscribe link provided in the communication; or by contacting our Customer Service.
3.15
Send you advertising messages that may be of interest to you on social media platforms or third party sites or to create exclusion lists for advertising messages. If you would like more information on this subject, we invite you to read the contractual documents of these platforms or sites. For more information, please see Section 7 Targeted Advertising.
This processing is based on our legitimate interest (to offer you relevant advertising), in this case you have a right to object or on your consent when the law requires it (you can withdraw your consent via your cookie preferences).
3.16
monitor customer relations and in particular carry out (by email, telephone calls or text messages) satisfaction surveys and studies including surveys, product tests and statistics;
This processing is based on our legitimate interest (evaluating our Platform and the services we provide in order to improve them). You can object to this processing when making contact.
3.17
evaluate the effectiveness of the advertising messages we send and adapt them to our users.
This processing is based (i) on our legitimate interest (measuring and optimizing the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns) or (ii) on your consent, when required by law (You are free to change your mind at any time and adjust the cookie settings later. Simply go to the cookie settings displayed in the footer or in your BlaBlaCar account settings).
Improving and securing our Platform
3.18
manage our Platform and carry out internal technical operations in the context of problem solving, data analysis, testing, research;
This processing is based on our legitimate interest (ensuring the security of our Platform and improving its characteristics).
3.18
improve and optimize our Platform, in particular to ensure that the display of our content is adapted to your device;
This processing is based on our legitimate interest (providing you with relevant content).
Studies and research
3.19
carry out studies or research in the field of the environment, mobility, energy savings or extra-financial performance
This processing is based on our legitimate interest (evaluating the impacts of our mobility offers) or is necessary to comply with our legal obligations such as our extra-financial reporting obligations.
Responding to legal requests and protecting our rights
3.20
respond to legal requisitions or any other request legally founded in law,
This processing is based on our legal obligations.
3.21
defend and protect our interests when this is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of a legal right
This processing is based on the performance of the contract or our legitimate interests.
4. Who are the recipients of the information we collect and why do we transmit this information to them?
4.1. As part of the use of our services, some of your information is transmitted to other members of our community through your public profile or as part of the reservation process (for example we communicate your telephone number to the people with whom you will be traveling to facilitate the organization of your carpool, your age is displayed on your public profile to help maintain a high level of trust among our members). We publish the reviews you write as part of our review system on our Platform. These notices, which contain your first name and the first letter of your last name as well as your photograph, are visible to all visitors to our Platform.
4.2 We share your personal data with Bus Operators and Railway Companies for the purposes of providing transport services. In these cases, the Bus Operators and the Railway Companies act as separate data controllers and the processing of your personal data is subject to their respective privacy policies. The transport companies operating on behalf of BlaBlaCar Bus act as subcontractors and within the framework of the execution of any contract concluded between you and us.
4.3 We may also share information about you, including Personal Data, with other entities of the BlaBlaCar group within the framework provided for in this Privacy Policy. In the event that we sell or acquire a company or assets, we reserve the right to share your Personal Data with the potential seller or buyer of this company or these assets. If BlaBlaCar or all or part of its assets are purchased by a third party, the data in our possession will, where applicable, be transferred to the new owner.
4.4 We may disclose information about you to courts, police authorities, customs, governmental or public authorities, tax authorities, or authorized third parties, if and to the extent we have a legal obligation to do so or if we believe in good faith that it is necessary to (i) respond to any claim against BlaBlaCar, (ii) comply with any legal request, (iii) enforce any contract entered into with our members, such as the Terms and Conditions and this Privacy Policy (iv) in the event of an emergency involving public health or the physical integrity of a person, (v) in the context of inquiries and investigations, or (vi) in order to guarantee the rights, property and security of BlaBlaCar, its members and more generally any third party.
4.5 We may share data with organizations responsible for creating energy savings certificates, on the basis of their public interest mission to justify the energy savings achieved through long-distance carpooling.
4.6 We also work in close collaboration with third party organizations which may have access to your Personal Data, and in particular with:
social media platforms which may offer you features allowing you to integrate information from your account on their own platform into your BlaBlaCar profile;
our commercial partners who promote their services on our Platform and to which you can decide to subscribe. These services may in particular consist of insurance services, banking services, vehicle rental services, etc.;
our insurer partners or insurance intermediaries in order to confirm your eligibility for insurance programs, communicate a price to you, enable your subscription to the insurance contracts offered and the management of your claims if applicable (or the management of claims concerning journeys that you have made with another insured member of our community) and meet their legal and regulatory obligations;
our business partners on whose website we may advertise our services;
the subcontractors we use in particular for technical services, electronic signatures, payment services, identity verification and driving licenses, customer relations centers and even providers of analytical solutions.
4.7 We do not share your data with the third parties mentioned in 4.6. above only in the following cases:
When we use a service provider as part of the execution of any contract concluded between you and us or in order to provide or improve our services (for example in the context of payments made via our Platform);
when we use search engine and analytics solution providers to improve and optimize our Platform; we may also share information with our insurance partners that allows us to evaluate and improve the performance of our insurance products and optimize their design. You have the possibility to object to this processing by contacting the contact indicated in article 14 below;
when you expressly request it (for example when you use the authentication methods provided by social networks, subscribe to a service provided by one of our partners, ask to benefit from an offer or a good deal from one of our partners);
when we distribute, on the websites of our commercial partners, certain parts of our Platform (including the journeys you have posted) via APIs or widgets. In this case, certain information from your public profile may also be displayed on these sites.
4.8 In accordance with applicable legislation and with your consent where required (in this case, you can withdraw your consent at any time by contacting our Customer Service), we may aggregate data which concerns you and which we receive or send to our commercial partners, in particular all or part of your Personal Data and information collected via cookies. This aggregated information will only be used for the purposes described above.
4.9 We draw your attention to the fact that if you decide to let us access some of your information, in particular your Personal Data, via connection services made available by our commercial partners, their confidentiality policies are also binding on you. We have no control over the collection or processing of your data implemented by our commercial partners on their own platform.
4.10 We act as joint controllers with third party companies in the following cases:
– As part of the “franchise buyback” carpooling insurance offered on the Platform, BlaBlaCar and AXA France IARD implement processing of personal data and are jointly responsible for this processing (in particular, BlaBlaCar is in charge of collecting information relating to subscriptions, and AXA France IARD is responsible for managing the insurance product offered to BlaBlaCar members). For more details on the use of personal data by AXA France IARD, we invite you to refer to the “Personal Data” policy accessible on its website.
– Concerning the carpooling offer offered as part of a Ulys electronic toll subscription, the Customer Number that you communicate to BlaBlaCar is transmitted to ASF, a VINCI Autoroutes Group company, issuer of the electronic toll subscription in order to benefit from the discount on management fees according to the conditions of the carpooling offer. As part of this offer, BlaBlaCar and ASF implement processing of personal data and are jointly responsible for this processing (in particular, BlaBlaCar is in charge of collecting information relating to journeys made by carpooling, and ASF is in charge of managing the carpooling offer proposed as part of the electronic toll subscription and more precisely the application on management fees). In accordance with the joint liability contract, you can exercise your rights with us or with ASF. For more details on the use of personal data by ASF, we invite you to refer to the “Personal Data” policy accessible on its site internet.
– In the context of advertising on social networks, we use “Facebook Event Manager”, a Meta Ireland tool. BlaBlaCar and Meta Ireland are joint controllers of processing relating to personal data (in particular, BlaBlaCar is in charge of collecting personal data relating to your actions on the Platform and their subsequent transmission to Meta Ireland, and Meta Ireland is in charge of creating audiences). In accordance with the Joint Responsibility Agreement, Meta is responsible for handling data subject requests. To exercise your rights and find out more about the processing carried out by Meta Ireland, we invite you to refer to the
Meta Privacy Policy
.
4.11 In accordance with applicable regulations, transactions are processed by our payment service providers, respectively PayPal (Europe) S.à r.l. and Cie, S.C.A., as a payment solution provider, a Luxembourg credit institution duly authorized under Article 2 of the law of 5 April 1993 relating to the financial sector and by Adyen N.V., a financial institution regulated by the Dutch central bank. They act as separate data controllers. As explained in more detail in our Terms and Conditions, these payment service providers may ask you to provide additional information as part of the “Know Your Customer” (KYC) procedure such as a copy of your identity document, your home address, your date of birth and your bank identity statement. The KYC checks carried out by the payment solution provider are separate and independent from the verifications that BlaBlaCar may carry out in relation to the use of the platform and are subject to their respective privacy policies, accessible at the following link for PayPal https://pay.hyperwallet.com/hw2web/consumer/page/privacyAgreement.xhtml) and for Adyen (https://www.adyen.com/privacy-policy/compliance-obligations) .
5. How do we use and moderate your messages?
5.1. We may take note of the messages that you exchange with other members of our community via our Platform, in particular for the purposes of fraud prevention, improvement of our services, user assistance, verification of compliance by our members with contracts concluded with us and in particular with our Terms and Conditions. For example, in order to prevent a member from circumventing our online reservation system, we authorize ourselves to browse and analyze the messages exchanged on our Platform to ensure that they do not contain any contact details or references to other websites and, if necessary, this may result in blocking of these messages or filtering of all or part of these messages.
5.2. We never learn your communications with other members of our community for promotional or advertising targeting purposes. Where possible, we use automated systems to moderate messages transmitted between members via our Platform, without any individual decision being made.
6. Targeted Online Advertising
6.1 In accordance with applicable law and with your consent where required, we may use the data you provide to us on our Platform, such as some of your profile data and browsing data, to display (or exclude) you from targeted advertisements on social media platforms or third-party sites, based on your profile and based on your interests or activities on our platform. This processing is carried out on the basis of our legitimate interest in showing you advertisements for similar services. You can object to this processing at any time by configuring the parameters relating to the advertising of your account directly on the platform of said social network or by contacting us according to the terms described in article 14 below.
6.2 In application of the Digital Market Act, “access controllers” or “Gatekeepers” whose list is kept up to date by the European Commission requires your consent to show you targeted advertisements. We collect your consent via the preference management banner. You are free to change your mind at any time and adjust the preference settings later. Simply go to the cookie settings which are displayed in the footer or in your BlaBlaCar account settings.
7. Is your data transferred, how and where?
7.1 As a general rule, we store your Personal Data within the European Union. However, to the extent that, for example, some of our service providers are located in countries outside the European Union (“Third Countries”), we transfer some of your Personal Data to Third Countries. This may particularly be the case for Third Countries for which the European Commission has not taken an “adequate protection” decision. In such a case, we ensure that this transfer is carried out in compliance with the applicable regulations and guarantees a sufficient level of protection of the privacy and fundamental rights of individuals (in particular by the standard contractual clauses of the European Commission).
7.2 Upon simple request to our Data Protection Officer (dataprotection@blablacar.com), we can provide you with more information regarding these guarantees (in particular the standard contractual clauses of the European Commission).
8. What are your rights over your personal data?
8.1 You have the right to receive a copy of your Personal Data in our possession (“right of access”).
8.2 For processing activities carried out on the basis of your consent, you may withdraw your consent at any time as described in Article 3.
8.3 You can also request the erasure of your Personal Data as well as the rectification of erroneous or obsolete Personal Data (“right of erasure and right of rectification”). Please note that we may retain certain information about you when required to do so by law or when we have a legitimate reason to do so. This is for example the case if we believe that you have committed fraud or violated our Terms and Conditions and we want to prevent you from circumventing the rules applicable to our community.
8.4 You also have the right to object at any time to (i) the processing of your Personal Data for direct marketing purposes, or (ii) other processing carried out on the basis of our legitimate interest for reasons relating to your particular situation (“right to object”).
8.5 You have the right to limit the processing carried out on your Personal Data (“right to limitation”). Please note that this right only applies if (i) you contest the accuracy of your Personal Data for the period allowing us to verify the accuracy of your Personal Data; (ii) in the event of unlawful processing on our part and you request a limitation of their use rather than erasure, (iii) we no longer need the personal data for the purposes of the processing but you still need them for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims; iv) in the event of exercising your right of opposition during the verification period to determine whether the legitimate reasons we are pursuing prevail over yours.
8.6 You also have the right to portability of your data, i.e. the right to receive the Personal Data you have provided to us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and the right to transmit this data to another data controller (“right to portability”).
8.7 You have the right to lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority or obtain redress from the competent courts if you consider we have not respected your rights.
8.8 You also have the right to define directives relating to the fate of your Personal Data after your death.
8.9 To exercise these rights, you can contact our Personal Data Protection Officer according to the terms defined in article 13 below.
8.10 To exercise your rights within the framework of the carpooling offer offered as part of a Ulys electronic toll subscription: you benefit from a right of access to your information as well as a right to rectify and delete this information, and a right to object to the processing of this information which you can exercise by contacting ASF at the contact details indicated on its
website
. site internet or by contacting our personal data protection delegate according to the terms defined in article 13 below.
9.Cookies and similar technologies
To find out more, see our
Cookie Policy
.
10.Confidentiality of your password
You are responsible for the confidentiality of the password you choose to access your account on our Platform.
You agree to keep this password secret and not to communicate it to anyone.
11. Links to other websites and social networks
Our Platform may occasionally contain links to the websites of our partners or third-party companies. Please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we accept no responsibility for the use made by these sites of information collected when you click on these links. We invite you to read the privacy policies of these sites before transmitting your Personal Data to them.
12. Changes to our Privacy Policy
We may occasionally modify this Privacy Policy. When necessary, we will inform you and/or seek your consent. We advise you to regularly consult this page to be aware of any modifications or updates made to our Privacy Policy.
13. Contact
For any questions relating to this Privacy Policy or for any request relating to your Personal Data, you can contact us by sending an email to our data protection officer at dataprotection@blablacar.com or by sending us a letter to the address mentioned at the top of this document.
————- 0 —————- 0 ——————-
Effective date: 5 February 2024
1. General
Comuto SA (whose registered office is at 84, avenue de la République, 75011 Paris, France) (“
BlaBlaCar
”, “we”, “our” or “us”), acting as data controller, is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This notice (the “
Privacy Policy
”) is designed to tell you about our practices regarding the collection, use and disclosure of information that you may provide via our platform  accessible from the website www.blablacar.co.uk or our mobile applications (the “
Platform
“).
This Privacy Policy (together with our
Terms and Conditions
, any other documents referred to in it and our
Cookie Policy
) sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
2. What information do we collect from you and for how long?
We may collect and process the following data about you:
2.1. Information you give us
You may give us information, including information that can identify you or passengers for whom you book seats (“
Personal Data
“), when you use our Platform, by filling in forms on the Platforms (such as the sign-up form), when you enter into any of our competitions, promotions or surveys, when you correspond with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise, and when you report a problem related to the use of our Platform.
The information you give us may include:
2.1.1.
Mandatory information required to register for and for the provision of the service we provide on our Platform or to access other services provided by us, including your name, email address, date of birth, and a password. All these fields are mandatory for creating an account on our Platform. Additionally, your phone number is required for publishing or booking carpooling trips. When booking bus tickets, your email address and passenger information are also mandatory. BlaBlaCar will not be able to provide you with the services offered on our Platform if the required information is not provided or, if applicable, you will not be able to register for an user account on our Platform
;
2.1.2.
A photograph;
2.1.3.
A postal address;
2.1.4.
Details on your cars;
2.1.5.
Your mini-biography, your gender when you agree to provide that information;
2.1.6.
A record of any correspondence between you and BlaBlaCar; we may record and/or listen to the phone calls between you and BlaBlaCar (for example, with the agents of our Community Relations service). We give you the possibility to object to that processing at the beginning of the call;
2.1.7.
A record of any bookings you have made or trip related advertisements you have placed with or through our Platform;
2.1.8.
Details of accounting or financial transactions including transactions carried out through our Platform or otherwise. This may include information such as your payment card or bank account details, details of trips or legs you have booked or offered through our Platform.
These information may include your trip preferences
;
2.1.9.
Details of your visits to our Platform and the resources that you access;
2.1.10.
Your replies to any surveys or questionnaires, such as your reviews on the trips made through our Platform. Such information may be used for analytic & user understanding purposes;
2.1.11.
Information we may require from you when you report a problem with our Platform or our service, such as the subject of your request for support;
2.1.12.
Location information, so that we can respond to your search for trips near you or facilitate the publication of your trip
; and
2.1.13.
A copy of your Passport, Driving Licence, ID Card and such other similar documents that you agreed to provide to us within the context of Verified Profile.
2.2. Information we collect automatically
2.2.1.
If you sign up via social media authentication methods, BlaBlaCar will access certain Personal Data (e.g. first name, surname, picture and email) in your social media account pursuant to the applicable terms and conditions of these social media platforms. We may also collect some of your Personal Data when you interact with third party social media features, such as “Like” functions.
2.2.2.
With regard to each of your visits to our Platform we may collect, in accordance with applicable laws and where required with your consent, information relating to the devices you use and the networks you are connected to when using our services. This may include the following information: your IP address, log-in information, browser type and version, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform, information about your visit including the URL clickstream to the different pages of our Platform, content you viewed or searched for, search terms used, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, the advertising identifier of your device, page interaction and any phone number used to contact us. We collect this information through the use of various technologies including cookies (for further information please refer to our
Cookie Policy
).
2.2.3.
We also collect aggregated information regarding your activity on our Platform (such as the amount of rides offered, your message response rate, etc.). Such information may be published on your public profile, should you have one.
2.2.4.
Finally, we collect information about you from our insurance partners or intermediary in connection with your request for eligibility for the insurance programs or your subscription to the  insurance contracts proposed when we act as insurance representative.
2.3. Data retention
2.3.1.
Except regarding the categories of Personal Data mentioned in clauses 2.3.2 and 2.3.3 below, your Personal Data will be archived after the following retention periods:
5 years after your last use of our Platform, if you did not close your account;
30 days after the closing of your account, except if you received a negative rating or report, in which case your data is stored for 2 years following the closing of your account.
2.3.2.
The following categories of Personal Data may be stored for different durations:
Financial data (e.g. payments, reimbursements, etc.) is stored for the duration required by applicable tax and accounting laws (for example, the accounting documents are stored for up to 10 years);
All user-generated content (e.g. comments, feedback and ratings) is anonymised according to the durations mentioned in section 2.3.1 but remains available on our Platform;
Log data are stored for up to 12 months from the date of their collection;
The phone calls with our Community Relations service are stored for up to 1 month and the analysis documents (such as time and duration of the call) are stored up to 1 year.
Data collected for the ID verification process and for the detection of fraud are stored for 1 year.
The payment card information that you consented to save for your future transactions on the Platform is stored until the time you withdraw your consent, or the expiration date of the payment card, whichever occurs earlier.
2.3.3.
In the event that your account is suspended or blocked, we will keep your data for a period of 2 or 10 years depending on the gravity of the breach in order to prevent you from circumventing the rules applying to our Platforms.
2.3.4.
We may archive some of your Personal Data for a period that will not exceed five (5) years in order to comply with our legal obligations and to manage potential disputes.
3. How do we use the information we collect from you?
We will use the information we collect:
PURPOSES
LEGAL BASIS
3.1.
to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us or you and our business partners and to provide you with the information and services that you requested;
This processing is necessary for the performance of our mutual contractual obligations.
3.2.
to send you service-related information by email and/or text message and/or any other communication means (e.g. your booking confirmation);
This processing is necessary for the performance of our mutual obligations.
3.3.
to collect payment from you or to enable payments of Cost contribution on the Platform via Hyperwallet Payment Solution
;
This processing is necessary for the performance of our mutual contractual obligations and for compliance with the legal obligations.
3.4
to enable you to save your payment card information for your future transactions on the Platform;
This processing is carried out with your consent.
You can withdraw your consent at any time by deleting your information in your profile or by contacting our Community Relations service.
3.5.
to enable you to personalize your user profile on our Platform;
This processing is carried out with your consent. You can withdraw your consent at any time by deleting your information in your profile or by contacting our Community Relations service.
3.6.
to enable you to communicate and interact with other members or with bus transport operators distributed on the Platform about our services or about the trips(s) you have/will do and/or to organise such trips;
This processing is necessary for the performance of our mutual contractual obligations.
3.7.
to give you access to and to enable you to communicate with our Community Relations service;
This processing is (i) necessary for the performance of our mutual contractual obligations, or (ii) necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
3.8.
to enhance our Community Relation service and train our customers agents through the record of your phone conversations with us;
This processing is based on our legitimate interest (to provide you a high quality customer support/to enhance our customer support).
You can object to this processing during each contact.
3.9.
to ensure compliance with (i) applicable laws, (ii) our Terms and Conditions, and (iii) our Privacy Policy. Certain breaches that we regard as inappropriate may lead to the suspension of your account on our Platform. For these purposes, we may use technologies to automatically analyse your use of the Platform, including the content of your publications, in order to detect any behaviour that may constitute a violation on your part;
This processing is necessary (i) for the performance of our mutual contractual obligations,
(ii) based on our legitimate interest (to prevent any circumvention of the rules in effect on our Platform), in which case you have the right to object,
or (iii) for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
3.10.
to send you, by email and/or text message and/or any other communication means, in accordance with applicable laws and where required, with your consent, marketing materials and to make you suggestions and recommendations about goods or services related to our services that may interest you. We also use your data to target you in order to serve our ads on social media platforms or third-party sites,
or to create exclusion lists for advertising messages.
You can learn more about how these features work, and the data that we obtain about you, by visiting the relevant sections of the third party social media platforms or sites;
This processing is (i) based on your consent, you can withdraw your consent to receive commercial prospecting at any time by modifying your preferences in your profile, clicking on the unsubscribe link provided in each of our communications, or contacting our Community Relations service; or (ii) based on our legitimate interest (providing you with relevant advertisements); in this case, you have the right to object.
For more information, please refer to Article 6 – Targeted ads and our communications sent by e-mail and/or text messages.
3.11.
to notify you, by email and/or text message and/or any other communication means, about changes to our services or accompanying you in the use of our services
This processing is necessary (i) for the performance of our mutual contractual obligations, (ii) for compliance with our legal obligations or (iii) the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
3.12.
to verify the information contained in your Passport, Driving Licence, ID Card and other identity documents that may be collected from you at the time of registration or at any other time during your use of our Platform;
This processing is carried out (i) based on your consent within the context of obtaining the Verified Profile badge (in this case, you can withdraw your consent at any time by contacting our Community Relations service,  (ii) for compliance with our legal obligations, or (iii) for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
3.13.
to administer our Platforms and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research;
This processing is based on our legitimate interest (i.e. ensuring the security of our Platform and improving its features).
3.14.
to monitor customer relations and in particular to carry out (by email or phone calls) satisfaction surveys and studies including polls, product tests and statistics;
This processing is based on our legitimate interest (i.e. evaluate our Platform and the services we provide in order to improve them). You can object to this processing when contacted.
3.15.
to improve our Platform to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your device;
This processing is based on our legitimate interest (i.e. providing  you with meaningful content).
3.16.
to allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so, such as searching for trips around you based on your location
or publishing trips based on your location
;
This processing is necessary (i) for the performance of our mutual contractual obligations or (ii) based on your consent where required by law. In this case, you can withdraw your consent by disabling the access permissions directly in your phone’s operating system.
3.17.
as part of our efforts to keep our Platform safe and secure; namely for fighting against fraud; and
This processing is based on (i) our legitimate interest (fighting against fraud and ensuring the security of our Platforms), (ii) for compliance with our legal obligations, or (iii) carried out for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
3.18.
to measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising we serve, and to deliver relevant advertising to our users.
This processing is based on (i) our legitimate interest (i.e. measuring and optimising the efficiency of our advertising campaigns) or (ii) your consent where required by law. (You can change your cookie settings at any time. You can adjust them by simply going to the cookie settings displayed in the footer of the page or in your BlaBlaCar account settings.)
4. Who are the recipients of the Information we collect from you and for which purposes?
4.1.
When you use our services, some information about you is shared with the members of our communities or with bus transport operators distributed on our Platform, either on your public profile or during the booking process (e.g. we give your telephone number to the members with whom you will share a ride to facilitate the organization of your ride, your age is displayed on your public profile to help maintain a high level of trust among our members).
4.2.
We may receive and send information about you, including your Personal Data, with other BlaBlaCar entities and affiliates, for the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy.
4.3.
We may disclose information about you to courts, law enforcement agencies, government or public authorities, tax authorities, or authorized third parties, if and to the extent that we are required to do so by law or in a good faith we believe that it is reasonably necessary to (i) respond to claims asserted against BlaBlaCar, (ii) to comply with legal proceedings, (iii) to enforce any agreement with our members such as our Terms and Conditions and our Privacy Policy, (iv) in the event of an emergency involving the danger of public health, death or physical injury to a person (v) in the framework of investigation or (vi) to protect the rights, property or personal safety of BlaBlaCar, its members or others
4.4.
We are also working closely with third parties which may be the recipients of your Personal Data such as:
our business partners who are social media platforms and which may provide you with connecting services, such as the connection of the information of your BlaBlaCar profile, from their social media platforms to our Platform;
our business partners who may advertise their services on our Platforms and to which you may decide to sign up for. Namely, these services may be insurance services, banking services, rental services, etc.;
our business partners who may advertise our services on their websites;
our sub-contractors including in technical, payment, identity verification and delivery services, or analytics providers.
4.5.
We only share  your Personal Data with any of these third parties mentioned in section 4.4 in the following cases:
4.5.1.
Where we resort a third party service provider, for the performance of any contract we enter into with you in order to facilitate or extend our services (e.g. in the framework of the payments made on our Platform);
4.5.2.
As part of the booking process and in order to provide the requested services, information such as your name, photography, mobile phone number and/or email address, may be displayed on the Platform and/or passed on to another member;
4.5.3.
As part of our rating system, the reviews you write will be published on the Platform. The reviews including your abbreviated name and photography are visible to all visitors of the Platform;
4.5.4.
We use analytics and search engine providers to assist us in the improvement and optimization of our Platforms;
4.5.5.
It is explicitly requested by you (e.g. with when using social media authentication methods, subscribe to a service provided by one of our partners, request to participate to an offer or a good deal of one of our partners);
4.5.6.
We may distribute parts of our Platforms (including the trips you have posted) for display on our business partners’ websites through API or widgets. In these cases, some information from your public profile may be displayed on these websites;;
4.5.7.
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your Personal Data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.
4.6.
In accordance with applicable law and where required with your consent (in this case you can withdraw your consent at any time by contacting our Community Relations service), we may combine information about you, including your Personal Data and cookie information, we send to and receive from our business partners. We may only use this information and the combined information for the purposes set out above.
4.7.
We draw your attention on the fact that if you decide to share your information, including Personal Data, with us through our business partners’ connecting services, any of our business partners’ privacy policies and/or notices may also be applicable to you, in addition to this Privacy Policy. We do not control the collection and/or the processing of your information eventually made by our business partners on their own platforms.
4.8.
As requested per the applicable regulations, the payouts are handled by PayPal (Europe) S.à r.l. et Cie, S.C.A., as a Payment Solution Provider, a duly licensed Luxembourg credit institution under Article 2 of the law of 5 April 1993 on the financial sector acting as a separate controller. The personal data collected and processed by Payment Solution Provider are subject to the Hyperwallet privacy policy (
https://pay.hyperwallet.com/hw2web/consumer/page/privacyAgreement.xhtml
). As further explained in our Terms and Conditions, you may be asked by PayPal to provide additional information for “Know Your Customer” (KYC) procedure. The KYC checks carried out by Payment Solution Provider are distinct and independent of the verifications that BlaBlaCar may carry out in relation to the use of Platform and are subject to the Hyperwallet privacy policy.
5. How do we use and moderate your messages?
5.1.
We may read the messages you exchange with other members of our community through our Platform for fraud prevention, service improvement, customer support purposes, enforcement of the contracts entered into with our members (such as our Terms and Conditions). For example, in order to prevent the circumventing of our online booking system, we may scan and analyse messages sent through our Platform to check that they do not include any contact details or references to other websites and, where applicable, messages can be blocked, or totally or partially filtered.
5.2.
We never scan or analyse your messages with other members of our community for commercial and advertising purposes. We may use automated methods to carry out the moderation of these messages, but no automated individual decision-making is performed in this regard.
6. Targeted ads and our communications sent by e-mail and/or text messages
In accordance with applicable laws and where required with your consent, we may use the information you give us on our Platform for electronic direct marketing purposes (e.g. (i) receiving our newsletters, (ii) receiving invitations to our events or other communications that we think may interest you or (ii) serving you with targeted advertising on social media platforms or third parties websites) based on your profile and interests.
For electronic marketing communications
:
You can withdraw your consent at any time by (i) modifying your preferences in your profile, (ii) clicking on the unsubscribe link we provide in each communication sent to you, or (iii) contacting us using the contact details provided in section 13 below.
For targeted ads and content
:
on social media (e.g. Facebook): you can object at any time by configuring your settings regarding advertisement directly via your social media account or by contacting us pursuant article 13 below;
on third party websites: please refer to our
Cookie Policy
to see how to object.
7. Is your Information being transferred, how and where?
In principle, we store the Personal Data that we hold about you in the European Union (“
EU
“). However, since for example some of our service providers are based in countries outside of the European Union (“third countries”), we also transfer some of your data to third countries. This may include third countries where the European Commission has not taken the decision that such third country ensures an adequate level of protection. In that case, we ensure that the transfer is performed in accordance with the applicable legislation and that appropriate safeguards have been put in place (especially standard contractual clauses as issued by the European Commission) in order to guarantee a sufficient level of protection of individuals’ private life and fundamental rights.
By sending a request to the Group Data Protection Officer (dataprotection@blablacar.com), we can provide you with the details regarding such appropriate safeguards (for example, the standard contractual clauses issued by the European Commission).
8. What are your rights in respect of your personal data?
8.1.
You are entitled to receive a copy of your personal data that is in our possession (
your right of data access
).
8.2.
For processing activities carried out on the basis of your consent, you can withdraw your consent at any time as described in Article 3.
8.3.
You may request the deletion of personal data or the correction of inaccurate personal data (
your right to erasure and rectification
). Please note that we may keep certain information concerning you, as required by law, or when we have a legal basis to do so. For instance, if we believe you have committed fraud or violated our Terms and Conditions and we want to prevent you from circumventing the rules applicable to our community.
8.4.
You have the right to object at any time (i) to the processing of your personal data for the purpose of direct marketing, or (ii) other processing of your personal data based on our legitimate interest (
your right to object to processing
).
8.5.
You have the right to restrict the processing of your personal data (
your right to restriction of processing
). Please note that this only applies if (i) you contested the accuracy of your personal data and we are verifying the accuracy of the personal data, (ii) you exercised your right to object and we are still considering, as foreseen by the applicable law, whether the legitimate reasons we are pursuing prevail over yours; or (iii) your personal data has been processed by us in an unlawful way and you request a restriction on their processing rather than erasure; or (iv) we no longer need the personal data for the purposes of processing, but they are still necessary for you to establish, exercise or defend legal claims.
8.6.
You have the right to data portability, i.e. the right to receive the Personal Data you have provided us with, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and the right to transmit this data to another controller (
your right to data portability
).
8.7.
You also have the right to make a complaint to the relevant data protection supervisory authority or to seek a remedy through the courts if you believe that your rights have been breached.
8.8.
You have the right to establish directives regarding the fate of your Personal Data after your death.
8.9.
To exercise your rights, please contact the Group Data Protection Officer using the contact details provided in section 13 below.
9. Cookies & similar technologies
To find out more, please see our
Cookie Policy
.
10. Confidentiality of your password
Where you have chosen a password which enables you to access your account on our Platform, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.
11. Links to other websites and social media
Our Platform may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy practices and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any Personal Data to these websites.
12. Changes to our Privacy Policy
Any changes we may make to our Privacy Policy in the future will be posted on this page. Where appropriate, we will notify you or seek your consent. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our Privacy Policy.
13. Contact & Data Protection Officer
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or if you have any requests relating to your Personal Data, you can contact us via email to our Data Protection Officer at
dataprotection@blablacar.com
——— O ———– O ————-