Privacy Policy
Nicola Vacca built the Camera 3d pro app as an Ad Supported app. This SERVICE is provided by Nicola Vacca at no cost and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my App.
If you choose to use my App, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at Camera 3d pro unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our App, I may require you to grant access to certain personally information (EXIF Metadata) generated by the device. The information that I request will be retained on your device and is not collected by me in any way.
For the free version, the app does use third party services (AdMob) that may collect information.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app:
AdMob
Log Data
I want to inform you that whenever you use my App, in a case of an error in the app I collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilising my App, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.
This App does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device.
Security
No method of transmission over the internet (if using AdMob), or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, so I cannot guarantee absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This App contains links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me.
This privacy policy page was created at
privacypolicytemplate.net
and modified/generated by
App Privacy Policy Generator
Home
Subscribe to:
Posts (Atom)
"Camera 3D Pro allows
iPhone users to take
a real 3D picture
in only few steps"
- Carl Zeiss
Home
Help & Support
Support Request
Name
Email
*
Message
*
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyse traffic. Your IP address and user agent are shared with Google, together with performance and security metrics, to ensure quality of service, generate usage statistics and to detect and address abuse.
Learn more
Got it