StarMaker Privacy Policy
Release Date of this Privacy Policy: November 9th, 2024
Effective Date of this Privacy Policy: November 9th, 2024
Welcome to use StarMaker (including StarMaker Mobile)  (hereafter referred to as "
StarMaker ”,"we” or "us
”), and become a part of our creative community!
As the operator of StarMaker, we respect your right to privacy and highly value the protection of your Personal Data. This StarMaker Privacy Policy ("
Privacy Policy
”) explains how we collect, process and protect your Personal Data when you use StarMaker and how you can exercise your rights to Personal Data protection.
For information that demands your particular notice and that may have a significant impact on your rights and interests, we have highlighted it in bold font to draw your attention. If you do not agree with this policy, you should not access or use the Platform.
"Personal Data” in this Privacy Policy refers any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (data subject), including nickname, date of birth, email address, chat history, social account information, etc.
StarMaker has a diverse community of users in various ages. However, in order to protect the privacy and Personal Data of minors, we will obtain parental or legal guardian’s consent where the local laws in your country or region require before processing minors’ Personal Data. Please note, we will limit the types and scope of Personal Data collected from minors as much as possible and also limit the functions available to minors.
If you are a parent or legal guardian of a minor, please ensure that you have read this Privacy Policy and are responsible for your child's activities before allowing your child to create his or her own StarMaker account and use the application. You are suggested to pay close attention to your child’s use of StarMaker and to ensure that your child only uses the age-appropriate functions.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us using the contact details provided at the end of this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy informs you of the following information:
What types of Personal Data do we collect and our purposes
How do we use cookies and similar technologies
How do we process minor’s Personal Data
How do we share and entrust the processing of your Personal Data
How do we protect your Personal Data
How do we store your Personal Data
Lawful basis for processing Personal Data
Your rights
How do we update this Privacy Policy
How to contact us
G
overning law and dispute solution
1.  What types of Personal Data do we collect and our purposes
The scope of Personal Data we collect depends on the functions of StarMaker you use and how you use these functions. The purposes and types of Personal Data we collect are summarized in the below.
A. The Personal Data you directly provide to us
Registration and Login
. In order to help you register for a StarMaker account and login, we need to collect your basic profile information such as your user nickname, age, avatar, gender, email or mobile phone number. If you refuse to provide such Personal Data, you will not be able to complete the registration process and can only use very limited functions of StarMaker as a visitor. After you complete your registration, you may also choose to add additional Personal Data to your personal profile page, such as your birthday, horoscope sign, relationship status, hometown, educational background, occupation, personal tags, etc. to show your personalized image.
To further clarify, we collect the age/birthday provided by users for (i) compliance with laws. By requiring users to provide age/birthday information, StarMaker can restrict access to certain features and content that may not be appropriate for minors to comply with laws in different regions, and request consent from the parents to their children’s use of StarMaker and the process of the minor’s Personal Data. (ii) account security and authentication. By verifying a user's age/birthday, StarMaker can better protect users from fraudulent accounts, unauthorized access, and other security issues. (iii) community safety and compliance. Age/birthday information helps identify and address issues related to minors, such as the protection of minors and the prevention of child abuse or delinquent behavior. (iv) ad targeting and personalized experience. StarMaker uses age/birthday information to better understand the characteristics of its users, to provide a more personalized experience, and to ensure that ads are more accurately delivered to the target user.
Creating UGC and Sharing
. When you post any user-generated content ("
UGC
”) such as your musical performance or rhythm-based performance or singing composition or news feed (including any content in forms of audio, video, image, text, etc.) within StarMaker, we may need to collect the UGC you post, the time you post, location data, singing records, song list, etc. depending on the specific function you use. When you turn on the [beauty camera] function, we will process your facial image data in the video or live streaming to help you automatically present a better personal image. After you create and post your UGC, we will generate and process data related to your UGC, such the number of your followers and content views.
Please note that some of our
UGC creating and sharing functions are only available to non-minor users. In order to protect the safety and privacy of minors, we will process the user's facial recognition data during the use of respective functions to ensure that the user is not a minor. Such facial recognition data may constitute special categories of Personal Data (sensitive Personal Data). We will not process such data beyond that specific purpose and we will do our best to ensure the security of your data.
In addition, in order to recommend songs suitable for you and optimize your user experience, we may extract facial image data and/or voice data from your UGC (such as video and/or audio clips) to help StarMaker know your approximate age and gender. Please be assured that we will delete relevant extracted data as soon as we have identified your approximate age and gender, and we will not use such data for other purposes.
Identity Authentication
. For special categories of users such as celebrities, media artists, and professional singers, we offer an identify authentication service so that the authenticated identity tag can be associated to your account and personal pages. You will need to contact our corporate staff to apply for identity authentication. Depending on the specific circumstances, we may require your photo, phone number and other identity data to complete authentication.
Contact and Marketing
.
We may use the contact information provided by you (e.g., email address) to send you information about products and services that may be of interest to you. Where required by applicable laws and regulations, we will obtain your consent before sending you marketing messages. If you are not interested in such information, you may refuse at any time during the communication, for example, by clicking on the unsubscribe/refuse option or sending us a reply to opt-out.
B. The Personal Data provided by you or generated during your use of StarMaker
Content Viewing
. Any user can view publicly available UGC within StarMaker and you do not need to register a StarMaker account or login to view such UGC. Whether you are viewing after login or as a visitor, we may collect your browsing history so that you can record and further explore the content you have viewed.
Social Network and Interaction
. In order to provide you with a better social network experience and to increase the number of views of your own UGC, we may ask you at login if you provide us with the access to your Contacts on your device so that we can find friends for you within StarMaker community; you may decline to provide us with this access and it will not affect your use of other functions of StarMaker. We may also recommend users that you may wish to follow based on data analysis, and you may decline or turn off our recommendations. If you wish to add friends manually, you may provide us with the user ID of your friend, your location data (by turning on the location access on your device), or a list of friends from a third-party social platforms (e.g., Facebook, YouTube, Instagram, and Twitter) so that we can find or recommend other users for you. If you use the Creating Rooms function, we may collect the names and tags of the rooms you create. In addition, StarMaker also offers other social network features such as Partner Space, Friendship and Family, which enable you to interact with other users and enjoy StarMaker in your way.
Chat and Message
. When you use the IM Chat function, we may collect your text chat data and/or voice chat data, depending on the specific method you use. Please do not worry, your chat data is protected by encryption and we process your chat data only for security purpose, such as automatic screening illegal information about pornography, violence, or scams.
Payment and Transaction
. When you use our top up or payment functions (including Noble Identity, VIP, etc.) and initiate a payment request, we need to collect your user ID, country/region, payment currency, payment amount, payment time, payment method, order number and other information to complete the payment and transaction process via the Application Program Interface (API) supported by the third-party payment service providers. In order to prevent money laundering and related illegal activities, we may require you to provide a government-issued ID to verify your identity to comply with relevant legal obligations when you withdraw coins or virtual properties from StarMaker.
Feedback and Report
. When you use the feedback function within StarMaker, we need to collect the feedback description and screenshot. If you do not provide such information, we may not be able to help you resolve the issue or respond to your feedback. In addition, if you wish to make a report (for example, when you discover any illegal content, illegal user activity, or your rights have been violated), we need to collect a description of your report, the type of report, and relevant chat logs (if any) in order to understand the facts and help you resolve the issue.
Improving User Experience
. To improve your user experience (e.g., by making it easier for you to view information about your account, sending you push notifications, and providing you with personalized content and services that may be of interest to you), we may automatically collect information about your language, gender, clicks and actions, program progress (including login status, interaction information/status, achievement information, etc.), application token, operating system, network information (e.g., IP address), device data (e.g., IMEI and other device identifiers), country/region, device model, screen resolution, geographic location, anonymous user identifier, etc., and analyze such data.
Maintaining Stability and Security
. In order to maintain the stability and security of StarMaker and your account, we will automatically collect data related to the operation of the mobile application and your online operations, such as data related to your login status, clicks and actions, user device data (e.g., IMEI and other device identifiers), operating system data, network information (e.g., IP address), etc. when you are using StarMaker.
C. The Personal Data provided by third parties
Third-Party Login
:
To make it easier to use StarMaker applications, you may also choose to register and login within StarMaker through your account on a third-party platform (e.g., Facebook, Google, Line, Kakao, VK). In such cases, we may collect your nickname, avatar, third-party account email and Open ID, birthday, gender, friend list, location, and by logging in through these third-party accounts, you are consenting to the third-party providing us with the Personal Data concerned.
If you provide us with any Personal Data of any data subjects other than yourself, please bring this Privacy Policy to their attention. You hereby acknowledge that you have obtained their consent or completed other formality as required by other lawful bases for the Personal Data processing in lieu of consent before providing such Personal Data to us. By submitting such information to us, you represent to us that you are entitled to provide and we are entitled to process the relevant Personal Data for the purposes as stated in the Privacy Policy.
In general, we will use your Personal Data only for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy or for purposes that we explain to you at the time we collect the relevant Personal Data. However, we may also process Personal Data for other purposes that are not incompatible with the purposes that we have disclosed to you if and where it is permitted by applicable laws and regulations. If we do so, we will inform you separately by other means to ensure transparency.
2. How do we use cookies and similar technologies
Like many online services, we use cookies and similar technologies to operate and provide our Services and to improve user experience. Cookies are usually small text files that are stored on your device’s browser directory or program data subfolders when you use StarMaker. Cookies allow StarMaker to access or store information from your application about you, your settings or your device. They are mainly used to ensure StarMaker’s expected functionality.
As a rule, cookies do not contain any information that could identify you directly. They do, however, make it possible to offer you a more personalized user experience. If you do not accept these cookies, you may not be able to use all functions of StarMaker. For example, we use first-party cookies to save your login information for future logins to our service. Such cookies are strictly necessary for the normal operation of StarMaker. You can find out more about cookies on
www.allaboutcookies.org
.
3. How do we process minors’ Personal Data
In order to protect the privacy and Personal Data of minors, we will obtain parental or legal guardian’s consent where the local laws in your country or region require before processing minors’ Personal Data. We will limit the types and scope of Personal Data collected from minors as much as possible and also limit the functions available to minors.
If you are a parent or legal guardian of a minor, please ensure that you have read this Privacy Policy and are responsible for your child's activities before allowing your child to create his or her own StarMaker account and use the application. You are suggested to pay close attention to your child’s use of StarMaker and to ensure that your child only uses age-appropriate functions.
We recognize that we have a special obligation to protect minors with respect to the collection and processing of Personal Data. We strongly recommend that parents and guardians educate their children to never disclose or provide any Personal Data about them without your prior permission when using our services. If we learn that we have collected Personal Data from minors under the corresponding age limit in your country or region without the permission of their parents or legal guardians, we will delete such Personal Data as soon as possible. If you have questions on how we process minors’ Personal Data, please contact us using the contact details provided in "How to contact us”.
4. How do we share and entrust the processing of your Personal Data
In order to provide you with better services, we may engage third parties (such as those who assist us in providing services related to StarMaker, e.g., cloud service providers, payment service providers) to process your Personal Data on our behalf. We will enter into strict confidentiality contractual terms with such third parties and require them to process Personal Data in accordance with our requirements, this Privacy Policy, and the confidentiality and security measures required by applicable laws and regulations.
We may share your Personal Data with third parties in the following circumstances:
To allow your registering to StarMaker using your social network account details(e.g., Facebook, Tik Tok, Google), you will provide us or allow your social network to provide us with your phone number, email address, username and public profile. We will likewise share certain information with the relevant social network such as your device data such as device identifiers, and network information. Where you opt to share content on social media platforms, the video, username and accompanying text will be shared on that platform or, in the case of sharing via instant messaging platforms such as Whatsapp, a link to the content will be shared.
We provide information and content to service providers who support our business,such as cloud service providers, payment service providers, and Analytics providers to ensure that StarMaker is a safe and enjoyable place and service providers that assist us in marketing the platform. We may use Google Analytics and Facebook Analytics to collect and share with them information about the use of our services such as how often users visit the services, what activities do they do when they visit the services, and what are the locations when they login the services for the purpose of copyright royalty calculation, marketing event implementation, and tailored service provision for users in specific territory. This is necessary for our cooperation with music licensors to provide high quality music services to our users.
We may share your information with advertisers and third-party measurement companiesto show how many and which users have viewed or clicked on an advertisement, or to display personalised advertisements to you.
We may also share your information with other members, subsidiaries, or affiliates of our corporate group, including to provide, improve and optimise the service of StarMaker, to prevent illegal use and to support users.
To detect, prevent or otherwise address security or fraud issues, we may provide your registration information (i. your email, cell phone number or the social media token you used to log in the app）, your country/region as selected, and the IP address you last login to the applicable third-party payment service providers during such transactions and payments.
In the event we use information such as user-generated content and video content on our Platform as part of our advertising and marketing campaigns to promote the Platform,your personal data contained in such information may be disclosed to the recipients of such advertising or marketing content.
In the event of any change, merger, acquisition, reorganization, or liquidationinvolving the transfer of Personal Data, we will ask the new company or organization handling your Personal Data to continue to process your Personal Data in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If the new company or organization handling your Personal Data needs to use your Personal Data for purposes not stated in this Privacy Policy, the new company or organization will obtain your consent, unless otherwise provided by the applicable laws and regulations.
To relevant competent law enforcement body, regulatory, government agency, court or other third partieswhere we believe that such disclosure is to (1) comply with an applicable law or regulation; (2) exercise, establish or defend our legal rights; or (3) protect your vital interests or those of any other persons.
When third parties that act as data controllers are involved in processing your Personal Data, please refer directly to their privacy policies on their official websites or other platforms and learn more about their data processing practices. For example, we use the YouTube API Services to enable you to get the data, content (including audiovisual content) and information, and other services provided by Youtube (“
Youtube API Services
”). Before accessing Youtube API Services, you are required to agree to be bound by the YouTube Terms of Service (https://www.youtube.com/t/terms) and the Google Privacy Policy (http://www.google.com/policies/privacy), subject to which Youtube may collect and process your Personal Data when you are using Youtube API Services.
Please note that if your profile is public, your content will be visible to anyone on the StarMaker and may also be accessed or shared by your friends and followers as well as third parties such as search engines, content aggregators and news sites. You can change who can see a video each time you upload a video. Alternatively, you can change your profile to default private by changing your settings to “Private Account” in “Account Privacy” settings.
5. How do we protect your Personal Data
To provide you with a privacy-friendly environment, StarMaker offers a variety of privacy protection features to limit the Personal Data that other users can see, such as: you can set your account to private status and hide your UGC content; you can conceal your friendship space to others; and if you are a VIP user, you can delete the view history after accessing other users’ content or space, and you can hide your followers and information about the people you follow from strangers. In addition, you can also set the types of notifications (e.g., content updates, online alerts, interactive messages, popular recommendations, etc.) you want to receive or reject within StarMaker. We also provide a nighttime mode to reduce disturbance to you.
We use appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect your Personal Data that we collect and process. The measures that we use are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk of processing your Personal Data.
For example, we adopt encryption at rest to secure all user data (including database files and backups) and use security keys for data management. We adopt encryption in transit through TLS 1.2 protocols to protect data flow in the public network environment from user devices to servers and from servers to servers. We will also ensure the effective implementation of these technical measures through code review mechanisms. In addition, we periodically test the applications and systems for vulnerabilities and security issues, and take access control measures such as access tokens and multi-factor authentication to ensure information security.
Please be aware and understand that we cannot ensure an absolutely secure Internet. If you find that your Personal Data is breached, please contact us using the contact details provided in "How to contact us” immediately so that we can take the corresponding measures.
In the event of any accident, force majeure event or other circumstances leading to the breach of your Personal Data, we will make every effort to control the situation and promptly inform you of the cause, the security measures we have taken and you can take and other relevant information. In the event of a security incident related to Personal Data, we will report such incident to the competent authorities in accordance with the requirements of applicable laws and regulations, promptly investigate the problem, and take the emergency measures.
6. How do we store your Personal Data
A. Cross-border Transfer
We deploy local servers in several countries around the world. For the need of our global operation and security management, your Personal Data may be transferred to and processed in other jurisdictions where our affiliated entities are based in, which may be different from the jurisdiction you locate. Such jurisdictions may not provide the same level of data protection as your jurisdiction. Under such circumstances, we will take necessary and appropriate safeguards to ensure the security of your Personal Data in transit and require that the recipient of your Personal Data offers an adequate level of protection and security in accordance with this Privacy Policy and applicable laws and regulations.
B. Retention Period
We will store your Personal Data to the extent as necessary for the proper business needs of our company (e.g., for the purposes of providing service to you and complying with the requirements of laws, tax and finance), except as provided otherwise by applicable laws or regulations. When there is no such need to use your Personal Data or the retention period expires according to applicable laws or regulations, we will delete or anonymize your Personal Data. For example, we only store your chat data for a period of 30 days and we will delete such data immediately after the expiration date.
7. Lawful basis for processing Personal Data
Our lawful basis for collecting and using the Personal Data described in this Privacy Policy will depend on the Personal Data concerned and the specific context in which we collect it. The specific lawful basis on which we rely for each of the purposes which we process your Personal Data for is set forth in the below:
Purposes
Lawful basis (as applicable)
Provide Registration and Login function
Necessary for conclusion or performance of contract, or legitimate interest in providing you with the relevant services
Provide Creating UGC and Sharing function
Provide Identity Authentication function
Provide Content Viewing function
Provide Social Network and Interaction function
Provide Chat and Message function
Provide Payment and Transaction function
Provide Feedback and Report function
Improve User Experience
Maintain Stability and Security
Provide Third-Party Login function
Provide Contact and Marketing function
Your consent, or legitimate interest in providing you with the relevant services
Comply with regulatory, compliance, or legal obligations and/or requirements, or to assist law enforcement and government authorities as permitted or required by applicable laws and regulations
Necessary for performance of legal obligation
8. Your rights
We value the protection of your Personal Data. If you want to access, correct, or delete your Personal Data, or if you want to refuse marketing messages, file a complaint, withdraw consent, or exercise other rights under applicable laws and regulations, please do so as described below or contact us
using the contact details provided in "How to contact us”.
A. Access your Personal Data
You have the right to access the Personal Data that we collect about you. For Personal Data such as nickname, avatar, birthday, horoscope sign, relationship status, hometown/region, educational background, occupation, personal tags and other information that you voluntarily provide to us, you can view them in your personal profile (Setting page) within StarMaker; for Personal Data that you provide and generate while using StarMaker (e.g., chat messages, UGC, etc.) as well as Personal Data that third parties provide to us (e.g., third-party platform account information, payment information, etc.), you can access them within the corresponding functions of StarMaker. You also have the right to request a copy of your Personal Data from us, by contacting us using the contact details provided in the "How to contact us” section below.
B. Correct your Personal Data
We will endeavor to ensure that your Personal Data is accurate and up-to-date by implementing appropriate measures. If your Personal Data is inaccurate or incomplete, you have the right to correct such Personal Data. For Personal Data such as nickname, avatar, birthday, horoscope sign, relationship status, hometown/region, educational background, occupation, personal tags and other information that you voluntarily provide to us, you can correct them within your personal profile (Setting page) within StarMaker; for Personal Data that you provide and generate while using StarMaker (e.g., chat messages, UGC, etc.) and Personal Data that third parties provide to us (e.g., third-party platform account information, payment information, etc.), if you think such Personal Data needs to be corrected, you can contact us using the contact details provided in the "How to contact us” section below. Please note that for Personal Data provided by third parties, we may not be able to keep the information up-to-date and you may need to contact the third-party for correction.
C. Delete your Personal Data
You have the right to request us to delete your Personal Data, including your StarMaker account and related Personal Data. You can do this on the Setting page (Account Security – Delete Account) within StarMaker. Please note that after you submit a request to delete your account, you will no longer be able to use StarMaker, so please decide carefully. In addition, we will also voluntarily delete your Personal Data after the expiration of the retention period of the Personal Data when the purposes of processing in the first part of this Privacy Policy no longer exist.
If we terminate our services or operations, we will notify you at least thirty (30) days in advance and will delete or anonymize your Personal Data after termination of services or operations.
D. Right to opt-out marketing
You can exercise this right by clicking on the "unsubscribe” or "opt-out” option (or other similar option or link) in the marketing messages we send you.
E. Right to file a complaint
You have the right to file a complaint with the data protection authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority. Before you file a complaint, we also sincerely hope that you will first provide us with your comments and we will endeavor to answer your questions and protect your rights.
F. Right to withdraw consent
If we process your Personal Data based on your consent, you may withdraw your consent at any time. Please note that withdrawal of your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we have carried out prior to your withdrawal of consent, nor will it affect the lawfulness of our processing of your Personal Data based on a lawful basis other than your consent.
G. Right related to automated decision making
With respect to decisions that we make that may significantly affect your rights solely through automated decision making, such as that we may automatically freeze your account due to your violation (e.g., posting illegal content) of our Terms of Service, you have the right to contest the decision and to request human intervention and to demand us to express our views to such decision. If you want to do so, please contact us using the contact details provided in the "How to contact us” section below. We will implement suitable measures to safeguard your rights and freedoms and legitimate interests while automatically monitoring UGC to ensure a secure and healthy environment for everyone.
H. Other rights under applicable laws and regulations
If you want to exercise your other statutory data subject rights under applicable laws and regulations (such as requiring us to transfer your Personal Data to a third-party designated by you, or restricting our processing of your Personal Data, or refusing to allow us to process your Personal Data based on our legitimate interests, if the statutory conditions are met), you may contact us using the contact details provided in the "How to contact us” section below.
I. Identity verification and responding to your requests
In order to protect the security of your information, we may need to verify your identity before responding to your requests to exercise your rights, for example, by requiring you to provide certain identity-related supporting information. We will respond to your request to exercise your data subject rights in accordance with the requirements under applicable laws and regulations and in a timely manner.
9. How do we update this Privacy Policy
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time in response to the changing legal, technical or business developments. When we update our Privacy Policy, we will take appropriate measures to inform you, depending on the significance of the changes we make. You can see when this Privacy Policy came into effect by checking the "Effective Date” displayed at the top of this Privacy Policy. If you continue to use any functions of StarMaker, you are deemed to have read and understood the updated version of the Privacy Policy.
10. How to contact us
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy or our processing of your Personal Data, especially if you consider that our processing your Personal Data impairs your legitimate interests, please contact us using the contact details below. We will review your question without delay and make a timely reply according to the applicable laws and regulations. Our contact details are as follows:
Company Name: Skyline Interactive Inc.
Address: 8 The Green, Ste A, City of Dover, County of Kent, Delaware, 19901
E-mail:
appsupport@starmakerinteractive.com
(for StarMaker Mobile)
EU/UK Representative:
We have appointed
activeMind.legal Rechtsanwaltsgesellschaft m.b.H.
whose contact detail is
+49 (0)30 / 770 191 070
as our EU Representative. For users based in the EU/UK, if you wish to exercise your data subject rights, or have any queries in relation to your rights or general privacy matters, you may also contact our corresponding representative. Please ensure you include "StarMaker” in any correspondence you send to our representative.
11. G
overning law and dispute solution
This Privacy Policy is governed by the internal substantive laws of S
ingapore
, without respect to its conflict of law provisions. Any dispute arising out of or in connection with the Privacy Policy, including any question regarding existence, validity or termination of the Privacy Policy , shall be referred to and finally resolved by arbitration administered by Singapore International Arbitration Centre ("SIAC”) in accordance with the Arbitration Rules of SIAC ("SIAC Rules”) for the time being in force, which rules are deemed to be incorporated by reference in this clause. The seat of the arbitration shall be in Singapore. The Tribunal shall consist of three (3) arbitrators. The language of the arbitration shall be English.
Select Region
For your better experience, we have access to a third-party translation tool to provide translation for you.
U.S.
If you live in the United States, this Privacy Policy will apply.
EEA, UK, Switzerland
If you live in the European Economic Area, United Kingdom, or Switzerland, this Privacy Policy will apply.
Other regions
If you live outside of the United States, European Economic Area, United Kingdom, or Switzerland, this Privacy Policy will apply.
Cancel
Next
This Privacy Policy informs you of the following information:
1.  What types of Personal Data do we collect and our purposes
2. How do we use cookies and similar technologies
3. How do we process minors’ Personal Data
4. How do we share and entrust the processing of your Personal Data
5. How do we protect your Personal Data
6. How do we store your Personal Data
7. Lawful basis for processing Personal Data
8. Your rights
9. How do we update this Privacy Policy
10. How to contact us
11. G
overning law and dispute solution