Terms of Service
Welcome to Kappboom! Kappboom Inc. (“Kappboom”) provides our
website located at www.kappboom.com (the “Site”) and our inspiration services
accessible via our Site and our mobile device application (“App”). To make
these Terms easier to read, the Site, our services and App are collectively
called the “Services.” Please read these Terms of Service (the “Terms”)
carefully because they govern your use of our Services.
Agreement to Terms
By using our Services, you agree to be bound by these Terms. If
you don’t agree to be bound by these Terms, do not use the Services.
Privacy Policy
Please refer to our Privacy Policy for information on how we
collect, use and disclose information from our users. You acknowledge and agree
that your use of the Services is subject to our Privacy Policy.
Changes to Terms or Services
We may modify the Terms at any time, in our sole discretion. If we
do so, we’ll let you know either by posting the modified Terms on the Site or
through other communications. It’s important that you review the Terms whenever
we modify them because if you continue to use the Services after we have posted
modified Terms on the Site, you are indicating to us that you agree to be bound
by the modified Terms. If you don’t agree to be bound by the modified Terms,
then you may not use the Services anymore. Because our Services are evolving
over time we may change or discontinue all or any part of the Services, at any
time and without notice, at our sole discretion.
Arbitration Notice
Unless you opt out of arbitration within 30 days of the date you
first agree to these terms by following the opt-out procedure specified in the
“Arbitration” section below, and except for certain types of disputes described
in the “Arbitration“ section below, you agree that disputes between you and
Kappboom will be resolved by binding, individual arbitration and you are
waiving your right to a trial by jury or to participate as a plaintiff or class
member in any purported class action or representative proceeding.
Who May Use the Services
Eligibility
You may use the Services only if you are 13 years or older and are
not barred from using the Services under applicable law. To make a purchase via
the Services (described in the Section titled “Purchases” below), you must be
18 years or older and capable of forming a binding contract.
Registration and Your Information
If you want to use certain features of the Services you’ll have to
create an account (“Account”). You can do this via the App.
It’s important that you provide us with accurate, complete and
up-to-date information for your Account and you agree to update such
information, as needed, to keep it accurate, complete and up-to-date. If you
don’t, we might have to suspend or terminate your Account. You agree that you
won’t disclose your Account password to anyone and you’ll notify us immediately
of any unauthorized use of your Account. You’re responsible for all activities
that occur under your Account, whether or not you know about them.
Using the Services
Via the Services, users can select from a variety of options to
obtain inspiration. You can also use the paid functionality of the Services to
utilize the enhanced functionality of the Services or purchase items that are
offered for sale through the Services (the “Products”), as described in further
detail under the Section titled “Purchases” below.
You understand and agree that the Services, Products and any other
information you learn from Kappboom are not intended, designed, or implied to
diagnose, prevent, or treat any condition or disease, to ascertain the state of
your health, or to be a substitute for professional medical care.  Not all
activities described on the Services or Products are suitable for everyone. Do
not use the Services while driving, operating heavy machinery, or performing
other tasks that require attention and concentration. You understand and agree
that you are solely responsible for your use of the Services.
Purchases
Fees
Kappboom offers certain enhanced features of the Services which
you can purchase as a monthly or yearly subscription (“Subscription”). A
description of features associated with Subscriptions is available via the
Services. When you purchase a Subscription or a Product (each, a
“Transaction”), we may ask you to supply additional information relevant to
your Transaction, such as your credit card number, the expiration date of your
credit card and your address(es) for billing and delivery (such information,
“Payment Information”). You represent and warrant that you have the legal right
to use all payment method(s) represented by any such Payment Information. The
amounts due and payable by you for a Transaction through the Services will be
presented to you before you place your order.  If you choose to initiate a
Transaction via the Services, you authorize us to provide your Payment
Information to third party service providers so we can complete your
Transaction and agree (a) to pay the applicable fees and any taxes; (b) that
Kappboom may charge your credit card or third party payment processing account,
including, but not limited to, your account with the app store or distribution
platform (like the Apple App Store, Google Play or the Amazon Appstore) where
the App is made available (each, an “App Provider”), for verification,
pre-authorization and payment purposes; and (c) to bear any additional charges
that your App Provider, bank or other financial service provider may levy on
you as well as any taxes or fees that may apply to your order.  You’ll receive
a confirmation email after we confirm the payment for your order. Your order is
not binding on Kappboom until accepted and confirmed by Kappboom. All payments
made are non-refundable and non-transferable except as expressly provided in
these Terms.
If you have any concerns or objections regarding charges, you
agree to raise them with us first and you agree not to cancel or reject any
credit card or third party payment processing charges unless you have made a
reasonable attempt at resolving the matter directly with Kappboom.
Kappboom reserves the right to not process or to cancel your order
in certain circumstances, for example, if your credit card is declined, if we
suspect the request or order is fraudulent, or in other circumstances Kappboom
deems appropriate in its sole discretion. Kappboom also reserves the right, in
its sole discretion, to take steps to verify your identity in connection with
your order. You may need to provide additional information to verify your
identity before completing your Transaction (such information is included
within the definition of Payment Information). Kappboom will either not charge
you or refund the charges for orders that we do not process or cancel.
Return Policy
If for any reason, you are not satisfied with the Product you have
purchased and you want to return the Product, please refer to Apple for
information on how you may return eligible Products.  Refer to this URL link:
https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT202039
Subscriptions Automatically Renew Until You Cancel & How to
Cancel Your Subscription
All amounts are payable and charged: (i) for one-off purchase
(e.g. lifetime Subscription), at the time you place your order; and (ii) For
monthly or yearly subscriptions, at the beginning of the subscription and,
because each such subscription renews automatically for an additional period
equal in length to the expiring subscription term until you cancel it, at the
time of each renewal until you cancel, using the Payment Information you have
provided. You must cancel your monthly or yearly Subscription before it renews
to avoid the billing of the fees for the next Subscription period. If you
purchase your Subscription via an App Provider, you can cancel the renewal of
your subscription at any time with the App Provider. You will not receive a
refund for the fees you already paid for your current subscription period and
you will continue to receive the Services ordered until the end of your current
Subscription period.
Changes to Price Terms for Subscriptions
Kappboom reserves the right to change its pricing terms for
Subscriptions at any time and Kappboom will notify you in advance of such
changes becoming effective. Changes to the pricing terms will not apply
retroactively and will only apply for Subscription renewals after such changed
pricing terms have been communicated to you. If you do not agree with the
changes to Kappboom’s pricing terms then you may choose not to renew your
Subscription in accordance with the section “Subscriptions Automatically Renew
Until You Cancel & How to Cancel Your Subscription.”
Future Functionality
You agree that your purchases are not contingent on the delivery
of any future functionality or features, or dependent on any oral or written
public comments made by Kappboom regarding future functionality or features.
Feedback
We welcome feedback, comments and suggestions for improvements to
the Services or Products (“Feedback”). You can submit Feedback by emailing us
at support@kappboom.com. You grant to us a non-exclusive, worldwide, perpetual,
irrevocable, fully-paid, royalty-free, sublicenseable and transferable license
under any and all intellectual property rights that you own or control to use,
copy, modify, create derivative works based upon and otherwise exploit the
Feedback for any purpose.
Content and Content Rights
For purposes of these Terms, (i) “Content” means text, graphics,
images, music, software, audio, video, works of authorship of any kind, and
information or other materials that are posted, generated, provided or
otherwise made available through the Services; and (ii) “User Content” means
any Content that users (including you) provide to be made available through the
Services. Content includes without limitation User Content.
User Content
User Content License
By posting or submitting content to any area of the Service
available to other users, including wallpapers, images, photos, and other
content  ("Publicly Posted Content"), you grant to Kappboom an
irrevocable, perpetual, non-exclusive, royalty-free and fully paid, worldwide,
transferable license, with the right to sublicense through multiple tiers, to
reproduce, distribute, modify, publicly display, publicly perform, prepare
derivative works of, transmit, and otherwise use such Publicly Posted Content,
in any format or medium now known or developed in the future.  You represent
and warrant that: (a) you have the right to grant the foregoing license and to
post the Publicly Posted Content; (b) such posting and use of the Publicly
Posted Content as contemplated pursuant to the foregoing license does not and
will not infringe, misappropriate, violate or contravene any third party rights
(including any intellectual property rights); and (c) all information you
provide in connection with wallpapers, images, and photos that you submit, such
as author name, source, and attribution, is complete and accurate.
User Content Removal
You agree that Kappboom has the right (but is not obligated) to
review Publicly Posted Content and delete any such Publicly Posted Content for
any reason in its sole discretion.  You further agree that Kappboom has the
right to take any action, including deletion of Publicly Posted Content or the
barring of access to the Service, in response to conduct or Publicly Posted
Content that in the sole judgment of Kappboom violates this Agreement or is
offensive, illegal, or violates the rights of, harms, or threatens the safety
of, other users or third parties.  You are solely responsible for the Publicly
Posted Content that you post on the Service.
Prohibited Content.  The following is a partial list of content
that is prohibited on the Service (“Prohibited Content”). Kappboom reserves the
right (but is not obligated) to investigate and to take appropriate legal
action in its sole discretion for any violation of this Agreement, including removing
Prohibited Content from the Service, notifying the appropriate authorities
regarding and identifying the source of Prohibited Content, and barring
violators from accessing the Service.  Prohibited Content includes content
that:
•       is patently offensive to the online community, such as
content that promotes racism, bigotry, hatred or physical harm of any kind
against any group or individual;
•       bullies, harasses or advocates harassment of another
person;
•       promotes or contains information that you know, or should
know, is false or misleading or promotes illegal activities or conduct that is
abusive, threatening, obscene, defamatory or libelous;
•       promotes or contains an illegal and/or unauthorized copy
of another person’s copyrighted work (whether marked as such or not);
•       contains a virus, time bomb, worm, corrupted file, or
other software routine capable of disrupting, disabling, or harming the
operation of, or providing unauthorized access to the Service;
•       obscene;
•       exploits people under the age of 18;
•       provides instructional information about illegal
activities;
•       undermines the quality, appeal, or usefulness of the
Service; or
•       solicits passwords or personal identifying information of
any kind for commercial or unlawful purposes from other users, or engages in
commercial activities and/or sales without our prior written consent such as
contests, sweepstakes, barter, advertising, and pyramid schemes.
Feedback
Kappboom will treat any feedback or suggestions you provide to it
as non-confidential and non-proprietary. Kappboom reserves the right to use any
feedback or suggestions you provide in any manner and for any purpose without
any obligation to compensate you.
Copyright Policy
If you believe that your work has been copied and posted on the
Service in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please follow the
requirements for appropriate notifications under the Digital Millennium
Copyright Act (DMCA), 17 U.S.C. § 512.  At a minimum, you must provide our
Copyright Agent with the following information: an electronic or physical
signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the
copyright interest; a description of the copyrighted work that you claim has
been infringed; an identification of the location on the Service of the
material that you claim is infringing; your address, telephone number, and
email address; a written statement by you that you have a good faith belief
that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or
the law; and a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above
information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or
authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf. Kappboom’s Copyright Agent
for notice of claims of copyright infringement can be reached by writing to the
following:
copyrights@kappboom.com
.
Ownership
Kappboom and its licensors own the Service, all content contained
therein, and all intellectual property rights relating to the foregoing. You
agree not to reproduce, license, distribute, trade, rent, lease, sell or
exploit for any commercial purposes, any portion or use of, or access to, the
Service or any content contained therein. Any unauthorized reproduction or
modification, distribution, display, or performance of any portion of the
Service or any content contained therein is strictly prohibited.  Kappboom and
its licensors reserve all rights not expressly granted under this Agreement.
Third Party Websites and Services
Our Service may contain links to Internet sites and services
maintained by third parties. These links are provided for your reference only.
We do not control, operate or endorse in any respect information, products, or
services on such third-party sites and are not responsible for their content.
Many third-party sites and services have their own terms of use and privacy
policies that differ from ours. These Terms of Service only apply to our
Service and do not apply to any other site or service.
Content Ownership
Kappboom does not claim any ownership rights in any User Content
and nothing in these Terms will be deemed to restrict any rights that you may
have to use and exploit your User Content. Subject to the foregoing, Kappboom
and its licensors exclusively own all right, title and interest in and to the
Services and Content, including all associated intellectual property rights.
You acknowledge that the Services and Content are protected by copyright,
trademark, and other laws of the United States and foreign countries. You agree
not to remove, alter or obscure any copyright, trademark, service mark or other
proprietary rights notices incorporated in or accompanying the Services or
Content.
Rights in User Content Granted by You
By making any User Content available through Services you hereby
grant to Kappboom a non-exclusive, transferable, sublicenseable, worldwide,
royalty-free license to use, copy, modify, create derivative works based upon,
distribute, publicly display, publicly perform and distribute your User Content
in connection with operating and providing the Services and Content to you and
to other users.
Rights in Content Granted by Kappboom
Subject to your compliance with these Terms, Kappboom grants you a
limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicenseable license to
download, view, copy and display the Content solely in connection with your permitted
use of the Services and solely for your personal and non-commercial purposes.
Rights and Terms for Apps
Rights in App Granted by Kappboom
Subject to your compliance with these Terms, Kappboom grants you a
limited non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicenseable license to download
and install a copy of the App on a mobile device or computer that you own or
control and to run such copy of the App solely for your own personal
non-commercial purposes. Kappboom reserves all rights in and to the App not
expressly granted to you under these Terms. You may not copy the App, except
for making a reasonable number of copies for backup or archival purposes.
Except as expressly permitted in these Terms, you may not: (i) copy, modify or
create derivative works based on the App; (ii) distribute, transfer,
sublicense, lease, lend or rent the App to any third party; (iii) reverse
engineer, decompile or disassemble the App; or (iv) make the functionality of
the App available to multiple users through any means.
Additional Terms for App Store Apps
If you accessed or downloaded the App from the Apple Store, then
you agree to use the App only: (i) on an Apple-branded product or device that
runs iOS (Apple’s proprietary operating system software); and (ii) as permitted
by the “Usage Rules” set forth in the Apple Store Terms of Service.
If you accessed or downloaded the App from an App Provider, then
you acknowledge and agree that:
•       These Terms are concluded between you and Kappboom, and
not with App Provider, and that, as between Kappboom and the App Provider,
Kappboom, is solely responsible for the App.
•       App Provider has no obligation to furnish any maintenance
and support services with respect to the App.
•       In the event of any failure of the App to conform to any
applicable warranty, you may notify App Provider and App Provider will refund
the purchase price for the App to you (if applicable) and, to the maximum
extent permitted by applicable law, App Provider will have no other warranty
obligation whatsoever with respect to the App. Any other claims, losses,
liabilities, damages, costs or expenses attributable to any failure of an App
to conform to any warranty will be the sole responsibility of Kappboom.
•       App Provider is not responsible for addressing any claims
you have or any claims of any third party relating to the App or your
possession and use of the App, including, but not limited to: (i) product
liability claims; (ii) any claim that the App fails to conform to any
applicable legal or regulatory requirement; and (iii) claims arising under
consumer protection or similar legislation.
•       In the event of any third-party claim that the App or your
possession and use of the App infringes that third party’s intellectual
property rights, Kappboom will be solely responsible for the investigation,
defense, settlement and discharge of any such intellectual property
infringement claim to the extent required by these Terms.
•       App Provider and its subsidiaries are third-party
beneficiaries of these Terms as related to your license of the App, and that,
upon your acceptance of the terms and conditions of these Terms, App Provider
will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce
these Terms as related to your license of the App against you as a third party
beneficiary thereof.
•       You must also comply with all applicable third-party terms
of service when using the App.
•       You agree to comply with all U.S. and foreign export laws
and regulations to ensure that neither the App nor any technical data related
thereto nor any direct product thereof is exported or re-exported directly or
indirectly in violation of, or used for any purposes prohibited by, such laws
and regulations. By using the App you represent and warrant that: (i) you are
not located in a country that is subject to a U.S. Government embargo, or that
has been designated by the U.S. Government as a “terrorist supporting” country;
and (ii) you are not listed on any U.S. Government list of prohibited or
restricted parties.
Prohibitions
You agree not to do any of the following:
•       Post, upload, publish, submit or transmit any Content
that: (i) infringes, misappropriates or violates a third party’s patent,
copyright, trademark, trade secret, moral rights or other intellectual property
rights, or rights of publicity or privacy; (ii) violates, or encourages any
conduct that would violate, any applicable law or regulation or would give rise
to civil liability; (iii) is fraudulent, false, misleading or deceptive; (iv)
is defamatory, obscene, pornographic, vulgar or offensive; (v) promotes
discrimination, bigotry, racism, hatred, harassment or harm against any
individual or group; (vi) is violent or threatening or promotes violence or
actions that are threatening to any person or entity; or (vii) promotes illegal
or harmful activities or substances;
•       Use, display, mirror or frame the Services, or any
individual element within the Services, Kappboom’s name, any Kappboom
trademark, logo or other proprietary information, or the layout and design of
any page or form contained on a page, without Kappboom’s express written
consent;
•       Access, tamper with, or use non-public areas of the
Services, Kappboom’s computer systems, or the technical delivery systems of
Kappboom’s providers;
•       Attempt to probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of any
Kappboom system or network or breach any security or authentication measures;
•       Avoid, bypass, remove, deactivate, impair, descramble or
otherwise circumvent any technological measure implemented by Kappboom or any
of Kappboom’s providers or any other third party (including another user) to
protect the Services;
•       Attempt to access or search the Services or download
Collective Content from the Services through the use of any engine, software,
tool, agent, device or mechanism (including spiders, robots, crawlers, data
mining tools or the like) other than the software and/or search agents provided
by Kappboom or other generally available third party web browsers;
•       Send any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising,
promotional materials, email, junk mail, spam, chain letters or other form of
solicitation;
•       Use any meta tags or other hidden text or metadata
utilizing a Kappboom trademark, logo URL or product name without Kappboom’s
express written consent;
•       Use the Services for any commercial purpose or the benefit
of any third party or in any manner not permitted by these Terms;
•       Forge any TCP/IP packet header or any part of the header
information in any email or newsgroup posting, or in any way use the Services
to send altered, deceptive or false source-identifying information;
•       Attempt to decipher, decompile, disassemble or reverse
engineer any of the software used to provide the Services;
•       Interfere with, or attempt to interfere with, the access
of any user, host or network, including, without limitation, sending a virus,
overloading, flooding, spamming, or mail-bombing the Services;
•       Collect or store any personally identifiable information from
the Services from other users of the Services without their express permission;
•       Impersonate or misrepresent your affiliation with any
person or entity;
•       Violate any applicable law or regulation; or
•       Encourage or enable any other individual to do any of the
foregoing.
Although we’re not obligated to monitor access to or use of the
Services or Content or to review or edit any Content, we have the right to do
so for the purpose of operating the Services, to ensure compliance with these
Terms, and to comply with applicable law or other legal requirements. We
reserve the right, but are not obligated, to remove or disable access to any
Content, at any time and without notice, including, but not limited to, if we,
at our sole discretion, consider any Content to be objectionable or in
violation of these Terms. We have the right to investigate violations of these
Terms or conduct that affects the Services. We may also consult and cooperate
with law enforcement authorities to prosecute users who violate the law.
Links to Third Party Websites or Resources
The Services and App may contain links to third-party websites or
resources. We provide these links only as a convenience and are not responsible
for the content, products or services on or available from those websites or
resources or links displayed on such websites. You acknowledge sole
responsibility for and assume all risk arising from, your use of any
third-party websites or resources.
Termination
We may terminate your access to and use of the Services, at our
sole discretion, at any time and without notice to you.  If you purchased a
Subscription via an App Provider, you should also cancel your Subscription with
the App Provider directly. Upon any termination, discontinuation or
cancellation of Services or your Account, all provisions of these Terms which
by their nature should survive will survive, including, without limitation,
ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, limitations of liability, and
dispute resolution provisions.
Warranty Disclaimers
The Services, Products and Content are provided “as is,” without
warranty of any kind. Without limiting the foregoing, we explicitly disclaim
any warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, quiet
enjoyment or non-infringement and any warranties arising out of course of
dealing or usage of trade.
We make no warranty that the Services or Products will meet your
requirements or be available on an uninterrupted, secure, or error-free basis.
We make no warranty regarding the quality, accuracy, timeliness, truthfulness,
completeness or reliability of any Content.
Indemnity
You will indemnify and hold harmless Kappboom and its officers,
directors, employee and agents, from and against any claims, disputes, demands,
liabilities, damages, losses, and costs and expenses, including, without
limitation, reasonable legal and accounting fees, arising out of or in any way
connected with (i) your access to or use of the Services or Content or (ii)
your violation of these Terms.
User Indemnification
You agree to indemnify and hold Kappboom, its subsidiaries,
affiliates, directors, officers, agents, and employees harmless from any loss,
liability, claim, demand, costs, or expenses, including reasonable attorney's
fees, arising out of or relating to your: (a) use of the Service; (b) breach of
this Agreement; or (c) breach or inaccuracy of any representation or warranty
made under this Agreement.
User Disputes and Release
You are solely responsible for your interactions with other users.
Kappboom reserves the right, but has no obligation, to monitor, or take any
action Kappboom deems appropriate regarding, disputes between you and other
users.  To the extent permitted under applicable laws, you hereby release
Kappboom from any and all claims or liability related to: (a) any content
posted on the Service by you or other users; (b) the conduct, whether online or
offline, of any other user; and (c) termination or denial of access to or use
of the Service.
You hereby waive California Civil Code Section 1542 (and any
similar provision in any other jurisdiction) which states: “A general release
does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist
in his favor at the time of executing the release, which, if known by him must
have materially affected his settlement with the debtor.”
Limitation of Liability
Neither Kappboom nor any other party involved in creating,
producing, or delivering the Services, Products or Content will be liable for
any incidental, special, exemplary or consequential damages, including, but not
limited to, lost profits, loss of data or goodwill, service interruption,
computer damage or system failure or the cost of substitute Services or
Products arising out of or in connection with these terms or from the use of or
inability to use the Services, Products or Content, whether based on warranty,
contract, tort (including negligence), product liability or any other legal
theory, and whether or not Kappboom has been informed of the possibility of
such damage, even if a limited remedy set forth herein is found to have failed
of its essential purpose. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or
limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, so the above
limitation may not apply to you.
In no event will Kappboom’s total liability arising out of or in
connection with these terms or from the use of or inability to use the
Services, Products or Content exceed the amounts you have paid to Kappboom for
use of the Services, Products or Content or fifty dollars ($50), if you have
not had any payment obligations to Kappboom, as applicable. The exclusion and
limitations of damages set forth above are fundamental elements of the basis of
the bargain between Kappboom and you.
Dispute Resolution
Governing Law
These Terms and any action related thereto will be governed by the
laws of the State of California without regard to its conflict of laws
provisions.
Agreement to Arbitrate
You and Kappboom agree that any dispute, claim or controversy
arising out of or relating to these Terms or the breach, termination,
enforcement, interpretation or validity thereof or the use of the Services,
Products or Content (collectively, “Disputes”) will be settled by binding
arbitration, except that each party retains the right: (i) to bring an
individual action in small claims court and (ii) to seek injunctive or other
equitable relief in a court of competent jurisdiction to prevent the actual or
threatened infringement, misappropriation or violation of a party’s copyrights,
trademarks, trade secrets, patents or other intellectual property rights (the
action described in the foregoing clause (ii), an “IP Protection Action”).
Without limiting the preceding sentence, you will also have the right to
litigate any other Dispute if you provide Kappboom with written notice of your
desire to do so by email at support@kappboom.com within thirty (30) days
following the date you first agree to these Terms (such notice, an “Arbitration
Opt-out Notice”). If you don’t provide Kappboom with an Arbitration Opt-out
Notice within the thirty (30) day period, you will be deemed to have knowingly
and intentionally waived your right to litigate any Dispute except as expressly
set forth in clauses (i) and (ii) above. The exclusive jurisdiction and venue
of any IP Protection Action or, if you timely provide Kappboom with an
Arbitration Opt-out Notice, will be the state and federal courts located in the
Northern District of California and each of the parties hereto waives any
objection to jurisdiction and venue in such courts. Unless you timely provide
Kappboom with an Arbitration Opt-out Notice, you acknowledge and agree that you
and Kappboom are each waiving the right to a trial by jury or to participate as
a plaintiff or class member in any purported class action or representative
proceeding. Further, unless both you and Kappboom otherwise agree in writing,
the arbitrator may not consolidate more than one person’s claims, and may not
otherwise preside over any form of any class or representative proceeding. If
this specific paragraph is held unenforceable, then the entirety of this
“Dispute Resolution” section will be deemed void. Except as provided in the
preceding sentence, this “Dispute Resolution” section will survive any
termination of these Terms.
Arbitration Rules
The arbitration will be administered by the American Arbitration
Association (“AAA”) in accordance with the Commercial Arbitration Rules and the
Supplementary Procedures for Consumer Related Disputes (the “AAA Rules”) then
in effect, except as modified by this “Dispute Resolution” section. (The AAA
Rules are available at www.adr.org/arb_med or by calling the AAA at
1-800-778-7879.) The Federal Arbitration Act will govern the interpretation and
enforcement of this Section.
Arbitration Process
A party who desires to initiate arbitration must provide the other
party with a written Demand for Arbitration as specified in the AAA Rules. (The
AAA provides a general Demand for Arbitration form and a separate form for
Demand for Arbitration for California residents.) The arbitrator will be either
a retired judge or an attorney licensed to practice law and will be selected by
the parties from the AAA’s roster of arbitrators. If the parties are unable to
agree upon an arbitrator within seven (7) days of delivery of the Demand for
Arbitration, then the AAA will appoint the arbitrator in accordance with the
AAA Rules.
Arbitration Location and Procedure
Unless you and Kappboom otherwise agree, the arbitration will be
conducted in the county where you reside. If your claim does not exceed
$10,000, then the arbitration will be conducted solely on the basis of the
documents that you and Kappboom submit to the arbitrator, unless you request a
hearing or the arbitrator determines that a hearing is necessary. If your claim
exceeds $10,000, your right to a hearing will be determined by the AAA Rules.
Subject to the AAA Rules, the arbitrator will have the discretion to direct a
reasonable exchange of information by the parties, consistent with the
expedited nature of the arbitration.
Arbitrator’s Decision
The arbitrator will render an award within the time frame
specified in the AAA Rules. The arbitrator’s decision will include the
essential findings and conclusions upon which the arbitrator based the award.
Judgment on the arbitration award may be entered in any court having
jurisdiction thereof. The arbitrator’s award of damages must be consistent with
the terms of the “Limitation of Liability” section above as to the types and
amounts of damages for which a party may be held liable. The arbitrator may
award declaratory or injunctive relief only in favor of the claimant and only
to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by the claimant’s
individual claim. If you prevail in arbitration you will be entitled to an
award of attorneys’ fees and expenses, to the extent provided under applicable
law. Kappboom will not seek, and hereby waives all rights it may have under
applicable law to recover, attorneys’ fees and expenses if it prevails in
arbitration.
Fees
Your responsibility to pay any AAA filing, administrative and
arbitrator fees will be solely as set forth in the AAA Rules. However, if your
claim for damages does not exceed $75,000, Kappboom will pay all such fees
unless the arbitrator finds that either the substance of your claim or the
relief sought in your Demand for Arbitration was frivolous or was brought for
an improper purpose (as measured by the standards set forth in Federal Rule of
Civil Procedure 11(b)).
Changes
Notwithstanding the provisions of the “Modification” section
above, if Kappboom changes this “Dispute Resolution” section after the date you
first accepted these Terms (or accepted any subsequent changes to these Terms),
you may reject any such change by sending us written notice (including by email
to support@kappboom.com) within 30 days of the date such change became
effective, as indicated in the “Last Updated” date above or in the date of
Kappboom’s email to you notifying you of such change. By rejecting any change,
you are agreeing that you will arbitrate any Dispute between you and Kappboom
in accordance with the provisions of this “Dispute Resolution” section as of
the date you first accepted these Terms (or accepted any subsequent changes to
these Terms).
General Terms
These Terms constitute the entire and exclusive understanding and
agreement between Kappboom and you regarding the Services, Products and
Content, and these Terms supersede and replace any and all prior oral or
written understandings or agreements between Kappboom and you regarding the
Services, Products and Content. If any provision of these Terms is held invalid
or unenforceable (either by an arbitrator appointed pursuant to the terms of
the “Arbitration” section above or by court of competent jurisdiction, but only
if you timely opt out of arbitration by sending us an Arbitration Opt-out
Notice in accordance with the terms set forth above), that provision will be enforced
to the maximum extent permissible and the other provisions of these Terms will
remain in full force and effect.
You may not assign or transfer these Terms, by operation of law or
otherwise, without Kappboom’s prior written consent. Any attempt by you to
assign or transfer these Terms, without such consent, will be null and of no
effect. Kappboom may freely assign or transfer these Terms without restriction.
Subject to the foregoing, these Terms will bind and inure to the benefit of the
parties, their successors and permitted assigns.
Any notices or other communications provided by Kappboom under
these Terms, including those regarding modifications to these Terms, will be
given: (i) by Kappboom via email; or (ii) by posting to the Services. For notices
made by e-mail, the date of receipt will be deemed the date on which such
notice is transmitted.
Kappboom’s failure to enforce any right or provision of these
Terms will not be considered a waiver of such right or provision. The waiver of
any such right or provision will be effective only if in writing and signed by
a duly authorized representative of Kappboom. Except as expressly set forth in
these Terms, the exercise by either party of any of its remedies under these
Terms will be without prejudice to its other remedies under these Terms or
otherwise.
Contact Information
If you have any questions about these Terms or the Services or
Products, please contact Kappboom at support@kappboom.com.
Disclosures
Kappboom is located in California.  If you are a California
resident, you may report complaints to the Complaint Assistance Unit of the
Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs
by contacting them in writing at 400 R Street, Sacramento, CA 95814, or by
telephone at (800) 952-5210.
Electronic Communications.  The communications between you and
Kappboom use electronic means, whether you use the Service or send us emails,
or whether Kappboom posts notices on the Service or communicates with you via
email. For contractual purposes, you (a) consent to receive communications from
Kappboom in an electronic form; and (b) agree that all terms and conditions,
agreements, notices, disclosures, and other communications that Kappboom provides
to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications
would satisfy if made in a hardcopy writing. The foregoing does not affect your
non-waivable rights.
This agreement was updated on December 16th, 2016