About Swedbank
Processing of personal data
Processing of your personal data
Swedbank has extensive experience in storing and handling customer data as part of our banking operations. It is important for us that you feel secure in how we use your personal information. We will protect and process your personal data in accordance with the applicable data protection legislation.
Swedbank Group Privacy Notice
Read more about why and how Swedbank processes your personal data and what rights you have in the document.
Swedbank Group Privacy Notice (pdf)
Former Swedbank employees, consultants or candidates (pdf)
Data protection is important to us
Your personal data helps us to help you
Your personal data is processed so that you can use our products and services in a secure and easy manner. With your personal data it is possible for us to understand your needs better, give you faster service and offer you services that are adapted for you.
Your personal data is safe with us
Swedbank processes your personal data in a correct manner. Customer data is protected by bank secrecy and is handled confidentially.
We are clear about how we manage your personal data
You have the right to know what personal data we process and for what purpose. You can change parts of your data, give your consent and make choices using the internet bank or the app, or by visiting our branch offices or by calling the bank’s Customer Centre.
What is personal data?
Personal data is any information that can be directly or indirectly connected to you as an individual, such as personal identity number, name, address, IP address registration number, etc.
Personal data might be directly collected from you when we sign an agreement relating to products such as a loan or insurance, but also at a later stage when you communicate with Swedbank and use our services.
How does Swedbank process personal data?
We process personal data to provide and market our services and to develop and improve our products. We also process personal data to prevent money-laundering and terrorist financing, to prevent and investigate crimes and to enable payment executions. Furthermore, personal data is processed to perform credit- and risk assessments.
Personal data is stored for different lengths of time depending on what the data will be used for and on legal requirements.
With whom do we share your personal data?
To be able to supply you with our services it is, at times, necessary for us to share your personal data with other companies within the Swedbank Group or other suppliers that work on our behalf. We place the same demands on our partners regarding confidentiality and security of customer data that we place on ourselves.
We may also share data with, for example, the authorities, national credit reporting agencies, and partners within international payment systems whenever necessary, as required by the law or judicial processes.
Your rights
In connection with the processing of your personal data, you have certain statutory rights. You are entitled to find out whether Swedbank is processing your personal data and, if this is the case, to obtain a copy of your data and information about personal data processing (i.e. a register extract). You are also entitled, in some cases, to have incorrect data corrected, deleted or electronically transmitted. You are also entitled to object to the data processing and to request us to restrict the processing of your personal data.
If you wish to find out what data Swedbank has about you, click on the link “How to order a register extract” (at the bottom of this text) and follow the instructions provided. We will reply to you as soon as possible, but within a month at the latest.
If you have any questions about the processing of your personal data, or wish to exercise any of your rights, e.g. if you wish to request a register extract; request the correction, deletion and/or removal of your personal data; or object to the processing of your personal data or request its limitation, you are welcome to contact us by using the following contact details:
Postal address: Swedbank AB, GSS Operations A7, 105 34 Stockholm
Web: You can easily and securely send messages to us by visiting swedbank.se and logging in to the Internet Bank. Go to Messages and select the topic “GDPR - Request”
Telephone: Customer Service Centre - Private
+46 (0)771-22 11 22
Bank branches:
Find your local branch office (swedbank.se in Swedish)
Remember that you can see the majority of the personal data we process about you by logging into the Internet Bank or in the app.
Some processing of personal data requires us to have your approval, i.e. consent. You have the opportunity to personally decide the extent to which you want us to use your data, e.g., if you approve of our using your data for direct marketing or for providing you with personal offers. You can manage your approvals and change your choices in the Internet Bank and app, via your bank branch or by calling our Customer Service Centre Private at
+46 (0)771-22 11 22
, where you can also add and change your contact details.
You are also entitled not to be subject to a decision that is based solely on automated decision-making, e.g., a home-loan decision or interest-rate decision, and are therefore always entitled to request that the decision be made manually instead. In this case, contact Customer Service Centre Private or your bank branch.
Your rights when Swedbank processes your personal data (pdf)
How to order a register extract from us: for Swedbank customers
How to order a register extract from us: for Swedbank employees
How long do we keep your personal data?
Swedbank will process and store your personal data for as long as it is necessary to fulfill the purpose(s) of processing personal data and/or as long as required by applicable laws and regulations.
Direct marketing
Swedbank uses direct marketing to provide you with personalised offers that we assess as being useful to you and that would enhance your usage of our services.
Our assumption is that customers want to receive our offers; however, if you do not want to receive any direct marketing from Swedbank, visit one of our Swedbank branch offices or contact Swedbank Customer Service Centre Private.
Contact us
If you have any questions concerning Swedbank’s processing of personal data, you can reach us by:
Visiting our
Swedish branch offices
Contacting our
offices in home markets outside Sweden and international branches
Customer Service Centre Private
can be reached at
+46 (0)771-22 11 22
Swedbank has appointed a
Data Protection Officer
who can be reached by postal mail:
Dataskyddsombud, Swedbank AB, 105 34 Stockholm, Sweden
Email:
dpo@swedbank.se
If you wish to lodge a complaint concerning Swedbank’s processing of your personal data or want to get in contact with any of the supervisory authorities for data protection operating on Swedbank’s home markets, see the below details:
Sweden
: Integritetsskyddsmyndigheten (Swedish Authority for Privacy Protection)
Postal adress: Integritetsskyddsmyndigheten, Box 8114, 104 20 Stockholm, Sweden
Web:
www.imy.se
Telephone:
+46 (0)8 657 61 00.
Email:
imy@imy.se
Latvia
: Data State Inspectorate
Postal address: Data State Inspectorate, Elijas Street 17, LV-1050, Riga, Latvia
Web:
https://www.dvi.gov.lv/lv
Telephone:
+371 6722 3131
Email:
pasts@dvi.gov.lv
Lithuania
: State Data Protection Inspectorate
Postal address: State Data Protection Inspectorate, L. Sapiegos str. 17, LT- 103 12 Vilnius, Lithuania
Web:
https://vdai.lrv.lt/
Telephone:
+370 5 271 2804
Email:
ada@ada.lt
Estonia
: Estonian Data Protection Inspectorate (Andmekaitse Inspektsioon)
Postal address: Andmekaitse Inspektsioon , Tatari 39, 10134 Tallinn, Estonia
Web:
http://www.aki.ee/
Telephone:
+372 6828 712
Email:
info@aki.ee
More information
The Swedish Bankers' Association (swedishbankers.se)
Swedish Authority for Privacy Protection (imy.se)
Cookie Policy