Privacy Policy
Sweetapple Ltd ® / Rockford’s Rock Opera ® / Lost on Infinity
Introduction:
Please read the following to learn more about the Rockford’s Rock Opera / Lost on Infinity / Sweetapple Ltd Privacy Policy. Our website and apps are intended for use by the whole family including young children with appropriate parental participation and supervision.THIS PRIVACY POLICY IS PART OF THE TERMS OF SERVICE WHICH YOU, OR IF YOU HAVE NOT REACHED THE AGE OF MAJORITY IN YOUR JURISDICTION, A PARENT OR LEGAL GUARDIAN, MUST READ ON YOUR BEHALF. IF YOU DO NOT WISH TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF SERVICE, INCLUDING THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE EXIT THE SERVICE NOW AND DO NOT DOWNLOAD, ACCESS OR USE OUR SERVICES.
Contact us at
rockford@sweetapple.co.uk
if there is anything you do not understand.
Effective Date:
The Privacy Policy detailed herein applies to any and all information that a User may have obtained from or provided to Sweetapple Ltd. Sweetapple Ltd reserves the right, at its full and complete discretion and without prior notice, to change, modify, amend, add, subtract, or otherwise remove portions of its Privacy Policy at any time and for any or no reason.
Types of Data:
For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “personal data” means personally identifiable information that specifically identifies a User as an individual. “Non-personal data” means information that does not directly identify a User. Additionally, non-personal data means “aggregate” and “de-personalized” information.
OUR APPS (last updated 26.1.2022)
We do not collect any personal data from our App users, so we do not share any personal data. Our Apps contain no ‘In-App Purchases’ and no advertising.
Information you Provide to Rockford’s Rock Opera/Sweetapple Ltd:
Use and Sharing of Personal and Non-Personal Data:
We do not collect any personal data, hence we do not share any personal data. If a User contacts Sweetapple Ltd by email, we will use the personally identifiable email address information only to respond to the specific inquiry. When a parent discloses data about him or herself in the course of contributing user generated content or participating in support forums, community blogs or the like, the information disclosed is public information, and there is no expectation of privacy or confidentiality. Sweetapple Ltd is not responsible for any personal data a User makes public in any of these forums. We may choose to share this public information on our website.
Third Party Terms and Conditions:
A User’s access to and use of the Service may be subject to certain third party terms and conditions and privacy policies, including but not limited to application stores, mobile software platforms, on-line gaming platforms, social networking services and payment providers. Sweetapple Ltd is not liable for any such third party terms and conditions and their use of Users’ personal data.
Links to other websites:
Our website may contain hyperlinks to websites that are not operated by us. Once you leave our website/apps or are redirected to a third-party website or application, you are no longer governed by this Privacy Policy. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites and encourage you to read their privacy statements.
Sweetapple Ltd does not provide access to third party products or services through its applications.
OUR WEBSITE (last updated 26.1.2022)
On our Rockford’s Rock Opera / Lost on Infinity website:
We only collect individual’s email addresses and passwords in order to allow purchases, memberships and to direct free downloads from our site. We will NEVER share this information with any third party and will only email our users with useful/vital Rockford’s Rock Opera website information. Furthermore, we may contact Users with news and marketing messages
only
if they OPT IN to receive more information from us. Once you leave this website or are redirected to a third-party website or application, you are no longer governed by this Privacy Policy.  When you click on links on this site, they may direct you away from our site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites and encourage you to read their privacy statements.
Anonymous data collected through this website:
In addition to the information we collect as described above, we use technology to collect anonymous information about the use of our website (services such as Google Analytics). For example, our web server automatically logs which pages of our website our visitors view, their IP addresses and which web browsers they use. This technology does not personally identify you – it simply enables us to compile statistics about our visitors and their use of our website. Our website contains hyperlinks to other pages on our website. We may use technology to track how often these links are used and which pages on our website our visitors choose to view. Again this technology does not identify you personally – it simply enables us to compile statistics about the use of these hyperlinks.
Information you Provide to Rockford’s Rock Opera/Sweetapple Ltd:
We only ask for users’ personal information for the purposes of fulfilling their product orders, membership access and offering free downloads and e-cards. If you sign up to a Newsletter or become a member, we collect the personal information you give us such as your name, company/school name and email address. When you conduct a transaction on our website, as part of the process, we collect personal information you give us such as your name, address, and email address.  As direct payments are processed through WordPress stores or PayPal, we do not have access to your payment details. We may also collect and store any other information you enter on our website or provide us in any other way. Your personal information will be used for the specific reasons stated below only.
When you browse our site, we may also automatically receive your computer’s internet protocol (IP) address in order to provide us with information that helps us learn about how users are accessing the site. We also use software tools such as Google Analytics and YouTube Studio to measure and collect session information, including page response times, search terms used to find the site, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information, time and country originating from, type of device used, methods used to browse away from the page and video viewing information on YouTube.We only collect anonymous data using Google Analytics and YouTube.  To find out more about how Google uses your data, see their privacy policy
here
.  You can opt out of supplying any data to Google by using
this add-on
to your browser.Our Rockford’s Rock Opera website is created using Wordpress and WordPress systems, whose Privacy Policy can be read here:
https://en-gb.wordpress.org/about/privacy
/
When you use PayPal to pay for your order, you will provide your personal information and credit card number, directly to PayPal. The information you provide on the PayPal website will be protected by PayPal’s privacy policy. You can read their policy here:
https://www.paypal.com/uk/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full
Use and Sharing of Personal and Non-Personal Data:
We do not share Personal or Non-Personal data with any other organisations. No data will be passed on to third parties, except in the unlikely event we are required to by law. If you OPT IN to receiving our newsletter/occasional marketing emails, we take this as consent to send you emails about new content and updates to the site.  As part of purchasing a product through our website, we also take this as consent for us to contact you should you need technical support.  We will not contact you by any other means.  This consent can be withdrawn at any time by contacting us directly at
rockford@sweetapple.co.uk
If a User contacts Sweetapple by email, we will use the personally identifiable email address information only to respond to the specific inquiry. When a parent discloses data about him or herself in the course of contributing user generated content or participating in support forums, community blogs or the like, the information disclosed is public information, and there is no expectation of privacy or confidentiality. Sweetapple Ltd is not responsible for any personal data a User makes public in any of these forums.
Third Party Terms and Conditions:
A User’s access to and use of the Service may be subject to certain third party terms and conditions and privacy policies, including but not limited to application stores, mobile software platforms, on-line gaming platforms, social networking services and payment providers. Sweetapple Ltd is not liable for any such third party terms and conditions and their use of Users’ personal data. Sweetapple Ltd does not provide access to third party products or services through its applications.
Cookies and Similar Technologies :
In order to collect the anonymous data, we may use cookie technology on our website. A cookie is a small piece of information which is sent to your browser and stored on your computer’s hard drive, mobile phone or other device. Cookies do not damage your computer. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie. This enables you to decide if you want to accept it or not. However, some of the services and features offered through our website may not function properly if your cookies are disabled.
Consent to Use Cookies:
To comply with current legislation, we need to ask for your consent to set the performance cookies described above. When you arrive at our website a banner appears asking for your consent to place performance cookies on your device. By continuing to use our website or by clicking ‘OK’, we assume that you consent to cookies being placed on your device. If you do not agree please leave our website immediately. Once your consent has been provided, this message will not appear again when you revisit. If you, or another user of your computer, wish to withdraw your consent at any time, you can do so by altering your browser settings.We use two types of cookies on our website.
a) Strictly necessary cookies:
These cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around the website and use its features. Without these cookies, services you have asked for cannot be provided. They are deleted when you close the browser.
b) Performance cookies (e.g., Google Analytics):
These cookies collect information in an anonymous form about how visitors use our website. They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around the site when they are using it. This helps us to continually improve the site. We may also use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, to administer our website and to improve the service we offer to you. An IP address is a numeric code that identifies your computer on a network, or in this case, the internet. Your IP address might also be used to gather broad demographic information. We may perform IP lookups to determine which domain you are coming from (i.e., aol.com, yourcompany.com) to more accurately gauge our users’ demographics. Information from these types of cookies and technologies or about website usage is not combined with information about you from any other source. None of the cookies or technologies that we use will personally identify you.
Links to Other Websites:
Our website may contain hyperlinks to websites that are not operated by us. Once you leave this website or are redirected to a third-party website or application, you are no longer governed by this Privacy Policy. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites and encourage you to read their privacy statements.
If you have any concerns regarding your data and privacy you can contact us at:
rockford@sweetapple.co.uk
You can also read our
Terms and Conditions
on our website.
Thank you.