Privacy Policy
Camera Plus Pro is developed and published by an India-based company Global Delight Technologies Pvt. Ltd. ('
Global Delight
'). All intellectual property rights are owned by Global Delight.
Global Delight respects your privacy rights and recognizes the importance of protecting any information collected about you. This Privacy Policy defines how Global Delight collects and uses personal and non-personal information in relation to the application ("app") Camera Plus Pro.
By installing, using or otherwise accessing Camera Plus Pro, you agree to this privacy policy. If you do not agree to this privacy policy, please do not install, use or otherwise access Camera Plus Pro. Global Delight reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at reasonable times; therefore please review it frequently. If Global Delight makes material or significant changes to this Privacy Policy, Global Delight will notify you by means of a notice within the Camera Plus Pro app. Your continued use of Camera Plus Pro will signify your acceptance of the changes to this Privacy Policy.
Personal Data:
Global Delight does not collect or use any personal data that may be used to identify or contact you, without your consent. Global Delight does not collect or use names, email addresses, photos, telephone numbers, credit cards numbers, account names, account numbers or other information that would enable Global Delight to identify you. If the app uses Third-Party services for sharing Content generated using this app, the app would access your basic data from such Third-Party services needed for the authentication, Content sharing or other features provided by the Third-Parties, however, the app would not collect or use any personal data.
Non-personal data:
Global Delight may use tools or third-party analytical software to collect and use certain non-personal data that does not enable Global Delight to identify you. The types of non-personal data Global Delight may collect and use include, but are not limited to: (i) mobile device type ; (ii) mobile device software version; (iii) geographical data no more accurate than metropolitan areas; (iv) total time of app usage and usage of filters; (v) other non-personal app data as reasonably required by Global Delight to enhance its features.
Global Delight may use the collected data for purposes of analyzing usage of Camera Plus Pro, managing and providing Camera Plus Pro and to further develop Global Delight's services and products.
Data Retention:
Global Delight retains the information collected pursuant to this Privacy Policy. If the collected information is no longer needed for purposes specified in this Privacy Policy, Global Delight shall delete all aforementioned information in its possession.
Third-Party Terms and Conditions:
Please note that your access to and the ability to use Camera Plus Pro may be subject to certain third-party terms and conditions and privacy policies, including but not limited to application stores, mobile software platforms, on-line social sharing platforms and payment providers if any. You recognize and agree that Global Delight is not liable for any such third-party terms and conditions and their use of your personal data.