Home
EULA
Privacy
Download
@RitzAcme
한국어
Privacy Policy
Here at Ritz Acme Ltd. your privacy is critically important to us!
We don’t ask you for personal information unless we truly need it.
We don’t share your personal information with anyone except to comply with the law, develop our products, or protect our rights, and with our ad and distribution partners that require it.
We don’t store personal information on our servers unless it is required for the on-going operation of one of our services.
When at all possible, we aim to make it as simple as possible for you to control what’s visible to the public, seen by search engines, kept private, and permanently deleted. 
The ad networks we use collect some data on you through their ad space. We do not have access to this data nor do we know what it is and any app you use from any developer is using the same ad networks, we wish this wasn't the case but we have bills to pay and need to run some ads. If you purchase an in-app to turn of ads we also try to shut off all ad-network tracking if possible.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, RA-CO may collect non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. RA-CO's purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how RA-CO’s visitors use its website. From time to time, RA-CO may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to RA-CO’s websites choose to interact with RA-CO in ways that require RA-CO to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that RA-CO gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. In each case, RA-CO collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with RA-CO. RA-CO does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
FaceBook and Twitter, and whatever else
We do not collect your login or password for those services, the app interacts directly with their servers and we never see or have any access to that info. So don't worry we're not gonna steal your login and draw moustaches on your profile pics, we couldn't do that even if we wanted to! :)
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
RA-CO discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on RA-CO’s behalf or to provide services available at RA-CO’s websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using RA-CO’s websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. RA-CO will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, RA-CO discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental requests, or when RA-CO believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of RA-CO, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an RA-CO website and have supplied your email address, RA-CO may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with RA-CO and our products. We primarily use our various product blogs to communicate this type of information, so we expect to keep this type of email to a minimum. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. RA-CO takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. RA-CO uses cookies to help RA-CO identify and track visitors, their usage of RA-CO website, and their website access preferences. RA-CO visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using RA-CO’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of RA-CO’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If RA-CO, or substantially all of its assets were acquired, or in the unlikely event that RA-CO goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquiror of RA-CO may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer or mobile device. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by RA-CO and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, RA-CO may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in RA-CO’s sole discretion. RA-CO encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Copyright 2021 Ritz Acme Ltd. AKA RA-CO.
Email the Help Desk Team!