Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Privacy Policy
Quick summary: The app doesn't send me your data except for the standard Apple crash reports, but it shares multiplayer data with your friends.
________________
Below is the privacy policy (as now required by Apple for all App Store updates) for the iPhone app Retro Flight, written by the app developer (Michael Howard), last updated: 27th October 2018.
The current version of Retro Flight doesn't collect analytics data or otherwise send me your user data, except for the standard Apple crash reports if you have them turned on in your device's settings. Apple have their own privacy policy regarding these crash reports.
The app menus contain links for third-party sites, for example Twitter and Facebook. These have their own independent privacy policies, and I have no responsibility or liability for their content or activities.
If you play a 2-player game, the app may share your multiplayer nickname, multiplayer team name and score information, along with that of everyone in your multiplayer friends list through Bluetooth or WiFi with the device that your device connects with, which may in turn share it with devices they connect with in the future. It does not send this data to me or publish it on the internet, but the owners of the other devices you connect with might do this. If you use the app to play 2-player games, you consent to the app sharing this information. If those players go abroad or decide to share that information themselves, then it may be possibly be processed, stored, and used outside of the country in which you are located. Data privacy laws vary across jurisdictions, and different laws may be applicable to this data depending on where it is processed, stored, or used. Players are responsible for checking before playing a multiplayer game that the multiplayer nicknames and team names on your friends lists are suitable for general viewing - I have no responsibility or liability for their content.
If you send me information yourself outside the app, via Facebook, Twitter, emails, or by other means, then you agree this may be shared or used by me as allowed by law, including but not limited to that I may use the information to operate and improve my website, apps, and customer support; to disclose this information in response to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal requirements; to exercise my legal rights or defend against legal claims; to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud or abuse, violations of my policies; or to protect my rights and property.
By installing or using the Retro Flight app you hereby consent to this privacy policy.
If you have questions, requests, suggestions or feedback regarding this privacy policy, please email retroflightgame@gmail.com.
Google Sites
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By clicking "accept", you agree to its use of cookies.
Cookie Policy
Reject
Accept