Skip to content
Home
»
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
WEBSITE PRIVACY STATEMENT
Effective from: 19 February 2024
Overview
When visiting a Propertynews Ltd site or utilising any of our services, you are trusting us with your information. We know that this is a big responsibility, and we work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
At Propertynews we seek to maintain the privacy, accuracy, and confidentiality of all data (including your personal data) that we collect and use as part of our services. We will use your personal data only for the purposes described below and in full compliance with the GDPR Data Protection Legislation.
The purpose of this privacy statement is to explain how Propertynews, in our capacity as a Data Controller, collect and use your personal information.
This Privacy Statement applies specifically to: https://www.propertynews.com and all associated subdomains such as:
content.propertynews.com
agents.propertynews.com
Propertynews provides a range of services through this site. We describe these in detail in this statement but basically, we provide services under the following broad headings.
Content:
We provide the content that you view on our sites, and often fund the creation of this content by allowing advertisers to present you with relevant ads. You may choose to opt out of these personalised advertising services by means which we describe in the advertising section.
Registrations:
Certain services are only available to registered users. For example, registered users can favourite properties, save area searches and set up property alerts, add important places, hide certain properties from search results and create property notes. We make registering for these services as easy as possible, enabling you to use Social Login providers such as Facebook, Google, and Apple.
Subscriptions
: Propertynews makes certain services available through subscriptions & contracts. For example, estate agents who list and manage properties on propertynews.com may choose to set up an account in our Agents Area.
Site Function
: We use analytics providers in order for us to understand our audience, the content that appeals to them and how well our site is working. We also provide tools from the major social networks (Twitter, Facebook etc.) to allow you to share content from our site.
Mobile Apps and other channels:
We also provide our content through a variety of other channels including apps, Twitter, Facebook etc. The services and content that we offer through these channels may differ and we provide details of how best to manage them. Platforms such as Facebook have their own privacy controls and you should frequently review your privacy settings there.
By using this Site and by disclosing your Data to us, you consent to the collection, storage, processing, use and disclosure of your Data by us as described in this Privacy Statement. When you visit our sites or use our services in any way we may collect and process different types of information about you. We have set out below the different types of data that we process, why and how we process it.
Content
Our content and our audience are the key to everything we do here at Propertynews. We fund our online platforms in part through advertising.
Advertising
Third-party vendors, including Google, display advertising on our site and services. Some of the ads you see are targeted based on interests that have been inferred from the type of content you view when visiting our site and other sites. This type of behavioural advertising is targeted towards groups of users in an aggregated manner. Such online advertising helps support the content, products and services we provide.
Our cookie policy provides links to manage your settings with these ad providers.
Registration
Certain services are only available to registered users. For example, registered users can favourite properties, save area searches and set up property alert, add important places, hide certain properties from search results and create property notes. We make registering for these services as easy as possible, enabling you to use Social Login providers such as Facebook, Google, and Apple.
Sign up
When you sign up or register with Propertynews to avail of a service we collect only the information needed to provide that service.
What we process:
Personal Identifier: we collect an identifier such as your email address or social login.
Password:  we collect a password to ensure that your data is kept safely on our systems and that other users cannot access your personal data.
Optional information: we collect basic profile information such as your name and postcode.
Why we process this data:
The legal basis for processing this data is to enable us to deliver registration services that you have consented to. The personal identifier allows us to recognise you when you come to our site or service. This enables us to provide you with the service that you signed up for. For example, we list your favourite properties or your saved searches and alerts, etc. Details of these specific services are provided elsewhere on this page.
Who has access:
Customer registration identity information is only ever accessible to Propertynews employees though sometimes aggregated statistics about usage may be made available to others. For example, we might state to our advertisers that we have a certain number of registered users who access propertynews.com
Access may be granted to our registration system to resolve problems but only under the strictest governance by Propertynews. Your data may also be shared with a 3rd party if you choose to avail of a service from that 3rd party but only with your consent.
Delete My Account:
If you wish to delete your propertynews.com account you can disable it on your Profile page or submit your deletion request to
dataprotection@propertynews.com
Social Sign Up
We also provide the ability to sign up or sign in using social login services such as Google, Facebook, and Apple. It is a faster way to log in and saves you the pressure of having to create and remember countless different usernames and password.
What we process:
Google Login: If you register through Google, you grant permission to Google to share basic data from your Google account with us, like your name, email address, and profile picture.
Facebook Login: If you register through Facebook, you grant permission to Facebook to share your user details with us. This will include your name, email address, date of birth and location. You can also use your picture from Facebook as part of your profile.
Apple Sign in: If you register through Apple, you grant permission to Apple to share your basic data from your Apple account with us. Data collection is limited to the user’s name and email address, and Apple’s private email relay.
Why we process this data:  The legal basis for processing this data is to enable us to deliver services that you have consented to receive. The personal identifier allows us to recognise you when you come to our site or service. This enables us to provide you with the service that you signed up for. For example, we list your favourite properties or your saved searches & email alerts, etc. Details of these specific services are provided elsewhere on this page.
Who has access:
Registration identity information is only ever accessible to Propertynews employees though sometimes aggregated statistics about usage may be made available to others. For example, we might state to our advertisers that we have a certain number of registered users who access Propertynews.com. You are always in control of what data we can access, and you can change this through your Google, Facebook or Apple account preferences. We never have access to your Google, Facebook or Apple account or password.
Delete My Account:
If you remove propertynews.com from your Google Settings, Facebook Settings, or Apple Settings we will no longer have access to the information you previously chose to share with us. If you wish to delete your propertynews.com account entirely, you can disable it on your Profile page or or submit your deletion request to
dataprotection@propertynews.com
Saved Searches & Alerts
One of the main services that we offer to our registered users is the ability to sign up to receive daily property alerts. When you sign up to receive property alerts we collect information to enable us to deliver property alerts and to tell us which geographical areas you are interested in.
What we process:
Identity data: your email address
Alert Interest: the property search results you wish to receive
Interaction data: alerts that you open and the links you follow in the email
Why we process this data:
The legal basis for processing this data is to enable us to deliver the property alerts that you have consented to receive.
This identity and interest data helps us deliver the alerts that you have requested. The interaction data allows us to understand which parts of the alerts and which content interest you to enable us to improve the service that we deliver to you.
Who has access:
Only Propertynews employees will have access to this data through our email and customer identity systems. Access may be granted to third parties such as our email campaign provider to resolve problems sending emails etc. but only under the strictest governance by Propertynews. Propertynews ensures that our email campaign provider adheres to the highest standards of data protection and privacy.
Manage your alerts:
If you wish to stop receiving property brochure results by email, you can simply manage them or delete them from within the Saved Searches section of your profile.
Competitions
When you enter a competition on any Propertynews site we may collect data about you or your entry to manage the competition and enable us to deliver the prize to you if you are lucky enough to win.
Entering a competition
When you enter a competition, we need to process your entry.
What we process:
•    Identity data- including name, address, phone number, email
•    Data about entry- including date of entry, device used etc.
Why we process this data:
The legal basis for processing this data is legitimate interest. To decide the competition winner, it is necessary for us to process your entry. This data is required to enable Propertynews to contact winners and manage the competition.
Who has access
:
This data will only be processed by Propertynews employees and systems, and subcontracted service providers for the sole purpose of managing the competition. The only exception to this is where a 3rd party is sponsoring the competition and requests to get access to your information. Information will only be shared with this 3rd party with your consent, and this will be made clear to you before submitting your competition entry to ensure that you have full control of who sees your data.
Delete my competition entries:
If you wish to delete any competition entries that you have made, please make your request by email to
dataprotection@propertynews.com
and request that you wish to have your competition entries deleted.
Winning a competition
If you are lucky enough to win a competition, then we need to contact you to ensure delivery of your prize and know where to send it.
What we process:
Identity data- including name, address, phone number, email
Data about entry- including date of entry, device used etc.
Why we process this data:
The legal basis for processing this data is our contract with the winner to deliver the prize to them. This data is required to enable Propertynews to contact winners and deliver the prize to them.
Who has access:
This data will only be processed by Propertynews employees and systems, and sub contracted service providers for the sole purpose of delivering the prize to the winner. When a 3rd party is sponsoring the competition and providing the prize it is necessary to provide them with the winner’s personal data to enable them to deliver the prize to the winner.
The only exception to this is where a 3rd party is sponsoring the competition and requests to get access to your information. Information will only be shared with this 3rd party with your consent, and this will be made clear to you before submitting your competition entry to ensure that you have full control of who sees your data.
Quizzes, Surveys and Polls
When you enter a quiz or answer a poll or survey on any Propertynews site/Propertynews owned site we collect data about you and your response.
What we process:
Identity data- online identifier such as IP address
Quiz, Poll & Survey Data- data you provide in your response to the poll or survey
Why we process this data
:
The legal basis for processing this data is your consent for us to process your response to the poll or survey that you have entered. This data is required to enable Propertynews to display the results of the poll or survey. No poll data is ever associated with your email or other personal identifier. We do record whether you have interacted with the poll or survey to ensure that duplicate entries are not counted but this is linked to your browser or device and never contains information on your poll response.
Who has access:
This data will only be processed by both Propertynews employees and systems, sub contracted service providers for the sole purpose of managing the quiz, survey or poll.
The only exception to this is where a 3rd party is running or sponsoring the quiz, survey or poll. This will be made clear to you, along with what happens to your data before submitting your entry to ensure that you have full control of who sees your data.
Delete my quiz, survey or poll entries:
If you wish to delete any quiz, survey or poll entries that you have made on Indpendent.ie, please make your request by email to
dataprotection@propertynews.com
Contact Agent form
When you contact estate agents via propertynews.com (as a Member or non-Member), we collect data about you and your enquiry. We also share your data with the Estate Agent(s) who advertised the property you’re interested in.
What we process and share with Estate Agents:
Identity data: your name
Contact details: your email address and/or phone number. If you are a propertynews.com member, the form will be prefilled with your email address if you’re logged in.
Other data: details of the property you are enquiring about and the nature of your enquiry (e.g., to arrange a viewing)
Why we process and share this data:
The legal basis for processing this data is to enable us to manage, deliver and share the enquiry that you have consented to send to the Estate Agent(s). This is only done to deliver the service you have requested.
Who has access:
This data will only be processed by both Propertynews employees and systems, sub contracted service providers for the sole purpose of managing the enquiry.
Estate Agents you contact via propertynews.com will also use your Data as a “Data Controller” – they will have their own privacy notices which you should read, and they have their own responsibilities to comply with applicable Data Protection Legislation.
Where links are provided on the site to estate agents’ websites, Propertynews bears no responsibility for such sites. These sites are not under our control and we are not responsible in any way for any of their contents.
Where links are provided to websites that process your personal data, Propertynews will not be privy to any processing that occurs and accepts no responsibility in relation to the processing of your data by these third parties.
Estate Agents you contact via propertynews.com will also use your Data as a “Data Controller” – they will have their own privacy notices which you should read, and they have their own responsibilities to comply with applicable Data Protection Legislation.
Where links are provided on the site to estate agents’ websites, Propertynews bears no responsibility for such sites. These sites are not under our control and we are not responsible in any way for any of their contents.
Where links are provided to websites that process your personal data, Propertynews will not be privy to any processing that occurs and accepts no responsibility in relation to the processing of your data by these third parties.
Estate Agent services
Propertynews makes certain services available through subscriptions. For example, estate agents can set up an account in our Agents Area to manage their property listings and access reports on propertynews.com.
What we process:
Personal Identifier: such as an email address and/or username
Password: we collect a password to ensure that your data is kept safely on our systems and that other users cannot access your subscription/service benefits
Company information: we collect basic information about your company to set up your estate agent’s account.
Payment details
Why we process this data:
The legal basis for processing this data is to enable us to fulfil our contract to deliver and manage the service that you have signed up for. The personal identifier allows us to recognise you when you come to site or service and provide you with the correct benefits that you signed up for. The other data allows Propertynews to manage that service and ensure that you get all the benefits that you have subscribed to receive.
Who has access:
At no time is your information shared with other 3rd parties without your consent. We recognise that your payment details are particularly sensitive, and we use specialist companies to handle subscription processing.
Occasionally, our employees receive payment information from customers over the phone. When this occurs, the payment information is entered as instructed into the relevant payment system and all other copies are deleted or destroyed immediately. Full details and terms and conditions are available for viewing when you subscribe to one of our services.
Delete my subscription/account
:
If you wish to cancel your paid subscription, please email
support@propertynews.com
Site Function
We use analytics providers for understanding our audience, the content that appeals to them and how well our site is working. We also provide tools from the major social networks (Twitter, Facebook etc.) to allow you to share content from our site.
Analytics
Analytic tools allow us to understand how our audience interacts with our site and our content and enables us to provide a better service to our site visitors. We do not collect or process any personal information in our analytics platform.
What we process:
Your IP address: to track your activity on our site we process your IP address
Anonymous data about your device – your operating system (e.g., iOS11), device type (e.g., tablet.
Anonymous aggregated demographics: for example, your current city and other anonymous data.
Anonymous data about your browsing: stories you read, types of content consumed and browsing patterns.
Why we process this data:
The legal basis for processing this data is the legitimate interests of Propertynews to manage and optimise the running of our site and its content.
This data helps us optimise the way the site is structured and how content is arranged on the site. It also allows us to show interested parties how many people access the different parts of our site and on average how often they visit. This allows understanding of how many people look at our content at different times of the day etc. These statistics are always calculated on an aggregated basis, never individually. We use the data for future marketing and personalised advertisement:
(
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/2700409?hl=en GB&utm_id=ad
).
Who has access:
Anonymised versions of the data are hosted on Google Analytics. At no point do we have access to personally identifiable information through Google Analytics. Anonymous aggregated reports about the general behaviour of our audience may be made available to the public or others.
Stop being tracked:
These analytics tools run on most sites across the web. If you wish to opt out of analytics tracking, you must do so on these 3rd party sites or by changing your browser settings. Click on a link below to see the privacy policy and manage your consent across the web for each cookie type:
Google Analytics
Further information can be found in our Cookie Policy.
Social Sharing
Our website and mobile applications use interfaces with social media sites such as Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter and others. If you choose to like or share information from our sites through these services, you should review the privacy statement of that service.
If you are a member of a social media site and logged in, the interfaces configured on our Services allow the social media site to connect your site visit and browsing behaviour to the personal data held on your social media site. Propertynews can use this information on an aggregate basis to place ads that are based on your interests on these social media sites. These practices are governed by the privacy statements of these social networking sites and you are advised to review these separately.
Where links are provided on the site to other websites, Propertynews bears no responsibility for such sites. These sites are not under our control and we are not responsible in any way for any of their contents.
Where links are provided to websites that process your data. Propertynews will not be privy to any processing that occurs and accepts no responsibility in relation to the processing of your data by these third parties.
Mobile Apps
The following sections refer exclusively to content on Mobile Apps.
Mobile App Analytics
We collect anonymous browsing and analytics data on the propertynews.com app.
What we process:
•    IP addresses- Analytics tools use your IP address to recognise you as an individual.
•    Anonymous data about your device – your operating system (e.g. iOS11), device type (e.g. tablet), city and other anonymous demographic data.
•    Anonymous data about your browsing- property brochures you read, types of content consumed and browsing patterns.
Why we process this data:
The legal basis for processing this data is the legitimate interests of Propertynews namely to manage and optimise the running of our site and apps and their content. IP addresses are used solely to distinguish between individuals visiting our site. IP addresses are never used to personally identify an individual and never combined with other registration data. This analytics data helps us optimise the way our content is structured and how content is arranged on our sites and apps to provide a better service to you.
Who has access
:
Anonymised versions of your browsing data are hosted on Google Analytics. Only Propertynews employees or our analytics partners have access to this information.
Propertynews AI Assistant (Liv AI)
Propertynews operates an AI Assistant (named Liv AI), in the form of a Chatbot, on all pages of the website (https://propertynews.com) across all devices and browsers. Liv AI is powered using Artificial Intelligence and has been set up to answer questions that you may have in relation to a specific property, as advertised on https://propertynews.com.
The AI Assistant has been designed to answer questions relating specifically to the property that is being viewed on https://propertynews.com. You can ask questions relating to any aspect of the property brochure (which is the content that is displayed on https://propertynews.com) and questions relating to time travel to and from the property, as well as questions relating to estimated financial costs (such as mortgage, insurance, stamp duty and rates). If you ask a question that the AI Assistant cannot answer, or if you wish to send a message to the Estate Agent who is advertising the property, the AI Assistant will then ask you to provide your name, email address and telephone number. The AI Assistant will then share this provided information, via email, to the Estate Agent who is advertising the property on https://propertynews.com. The AI Assistant will also share full details and a copy of the entire conversation that you have had with the AI Assistant, with the Estate Agent who is advertising the property on https://propertynews.com.
When you use the Propertynews AI Assistant, we will collect and store copies of the full conversations you have with the AI Assistant. Details will only be shared with the relevant Estate Agent if the AI Assistant asks for your name, email address and telephone number in order to contact the agent. If you provide these details, the AI Assistant will share them with the Estate Agent.
What we process and share with Estate Agents:
Identity data: your name
Contact details: your email address and/or phone number.
Other data: details of the property you are enquiring about and the nature of your enquiry (e.g., to arrange a viewing), together with a copy of the full transcript of messages between yourself and the AI Assistant.
What we process and store for Propertynews:
Identity data: your name (if provided)
Contact details: your email address and/or phone number (if provided)
Other data: a full transcription of the messages between you and the AI Assistant
Why we process and share this data:
The legal basis for processing this data is to enable us to manage, deliver and share the enquiry that you have consented to send to the Estate Agent(s). This is only undertaken to deliver the service you have requested.
The legal basis for processing the data is also for training and monitoring purposes so we at Propertynews can understand how the AI Assistant is performing, the accuracy of its responses and where it can be improved.
Who has access:
This data will only be processed by both Propertynews employees and systems, sub contracted service providers for the sole purpose of managing the enquiry.
Estate Agents you contact via the AI Assistant will also use your Data as a “Data Controller” – they will have their own privacy notices which you should read, and they have their own responsibilities to comply with applicable Data Protection Legislation.
Where links are provided within the AI Assistant to estate agents’ websites and other websites, Propertynews bears no responsibility for such sites. These sites are not under our control and we are not responsible in any way for any of their contents.
Where links are provided to websites that process your personal data, Propertynews will not be privy to any processing that occurs and accepts no responsibility in relation to the processing of your data by these third parties.
Your Rights Under Data Protection Law
You have several rights under data-protection law in relation to the personal information that Propertynews holds about you. If you choose to exercise any of these rights, we will ask you to verify your identity. We will consider your request and provide a response within one month. These rights are described in detail on the Data Commissioner’s Website and summarised below:
Right of Access:
You are entitled to have access to your personal data which we hold (this is more commonly known as submitting a “data subject access request”). Typically, there is no fee for this, however, we have the right to apply a reasonable fee in exceptional circumstances.
Right of Portability:
You can request a copy of the personal information we hold about you in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and if technically feasible, have your personal information transmitted to another data controller in a machine-readable format.
Right to rectify:
If it is found that personal data is inaccurate, you are entitled to have the inaccurate data removed, corrected or completed, as appropriate.
Right to withdraw consent:
You have the right to withdraw your consent to any future processing for which you have previously given that consent.
Right to Erasure:  Subject to certain conditions, you are entitled, on certain grounds, to have your personal data erased (also known as the “right to be forgotten”).
Right to Restriction:
Restrict processing of your personal information in certain circumstances
Right to object to processing:
You are entitled to object to our use of your personal information for our legitimate interests, for profiling and for direct marketing purposes.
Rights relating to automated decision:
making including profiling:  You are entitled to not be subject to a decision which is based solely on automated processing where that decision produces a legal effect on you or otherwise significantly affects you. We do not make automated decisions of this nature
Right to complain:
You are entitled to lodge a complaint with the Data Protection Commissioner if you have concerns about how we process your personal data.
You can complain directly to the ICO at https://ico.org.uk/make-a-complaint/ or call their helpline on 0303 123 1113
You can also make a complaint directly to the relevant data protection authorities in the country where you are ordinarily resident.
How to Exercise Your Rights
Requests for information or to exercise these rights should be made in writing to the Propertynews Data Protection Office:
by email to:
dataprotection@propertynews.com
by post to the Propertynews Data Protection Office, Unit 2D Jennymount Business Park, North Derby Street, Belfast, BT15 3HN, Northern Ireland
If possible, you should specify the type of information you would like to see to ensure that we meet your expectations. We must be able to verify your identity to ensure the safety of your data. Your request may not affect the rights and freedoms of others, e.g.  privacy and confidentiality rights of other individuals and/or businesses.
Limitations to These Rights
These rights are in some circumstances limited by data-protection legislation. You may have various rights under Data Protection Legislation. However, in certain circumstances, these rights may be restricted (Article 23 of the General Data Protection Regulation, which is transposed into UK law by the Data Protection Act 2018 sets out the circumstances in which your rights may be restricted). Also, the personal information that is processed as part of Propertynews’s journalistic work may be exempt under Art 85 of the GDPR.
Your rights may be restricted where this is necessary:
for the prevention, detection, investigation, and prosecution of criminal offences, and/or
in compliance with a legal obligation such as a court order and/or
in contemplation of or for the establishment, exercise or defence of a legal claim or legal proceedings (whether before a court, tribunal, statutory body or an administrative or out-of-court procedure).
Your Data
The following sections describe how we manage, secure and control access to your data and under what circumstances we disclose data to others.
Retention of Your Data
To make sure we meet our legal data protection and privacy obligations, we will retain your information for at least as long as your account is active, as needed to provide you services or as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
If you ask for your account to be closed, we will do this as soon as is reasonably possible subject to any applicable terms and conditions relating to the account. Personal information from closed accounts is retained in order to comply with legal obligations, prevent fraud, collect any fees owed or to resolve disputes.
Sharing Data With 3rd Parties
We use third party service providers who work for us in the provision of our services. Your data may be processed by a third party if required to deliver a service you have requested. For example, online payments are processed by 3rd parties. We will check any third party that we use to ensure that they can provide sufficient guarantees regarding the confidentiality and security of your Data.
We will have written contracts with them which provide assurances regarding the protections that they will give to your Data and their compliance with our data security standards and international transfer restrictions.
We also share data with other Propertynews entities within the group where they are providing you with services that you have requested or where they provide services to us that you have requested.
How Is Your Data Secured
Propertynews operate and use appropriate technical and physical security measures to protect your personal data. We have taken appropriate security measures to protect your personal data from accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorised disclosure, or access. In addition, our service providers are also selected carefully and required to use appropriate protective measures.
Where Do We Store Your Data?
In most cases, Propertynews stores your data securely within the European Economic Area (EEA) using GDPR compliant service providers. In some cases, Propertynews may have to transfer or store your data to countries outside the EEA, for example, when one of our service providers use employees or equipment based outside the EEA.
For transfers of your personal data to third parties outside of the EEA, we take additional steps in line with Data Protection Legislation. We have put in place adequate safeguards with respect to the protection of your privacy, fundamental rights and freedoms, and the exercise of your rights, e. g., we establish an adequate level of data protection through EU Standard Contractual Clauses based on the EU commission’s model clauses.
Disclosure of Your Data
Your Data is private and confidential. Your Personal data may only be shared within Propertynews, for any of the purposes set out in this Privacy Statement.
From time to time, we may access and/or disclose your Data if required to do so by law or in good faith and belief that such action is necessary to:
conform with the law or comply with legal process served on us;
protect and defend our rights or property including, without limitation the security and integrity of our network and systems; or
act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of our services or members of the public
Changes to this Information
We may decide to make changes to this Privacy Notice. If it is a fundamental change in how we deal with you, then the updated Privacy Notice will be provided to you well in advance of the change actually taking effect.
We will post the changes on our website or send them to you via email along with an explanation of what the likely impact of those changes will be to you, if any. To ensure fairness of the processing, we encourage you to review the content of this Privacy Notice regularly.
Acceptance of this Privacy Statement
By using this Site and by disclosing your Data to us, you consent to the collection, storage, processing, use and disclosure of your Data by us as described in this Privacy Statement. If you do not agree with or are not comfortable with any aspect of this Privacy Statement, your only remedy is to discontinue using our Site. We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Statement at any time. Your continued use of any part of our Site following notification or posting of such changes will constitute your acceptance of those changes.
Contact the Data Protection Office
Propertynews has a Data Protection Function including a Data Protection Officer. If you wish to invoke your rights or have any questions please contact the Propertynews Data Protection Office via our Secure Privacy Portal.
Address:
Propertynews Data Protection Office
Unit 2D Jennymount Business Park,
North Derby Street,
Belfast,
BT15 3HN,
Northern Ireland
Email:
dataprotection@propertynews.com
Updated: 01/01/2025