This Website is owned and operated by
homedatasheet.com, Inc.
Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy
is designed to assist you in understanding how we collect and use the
personal information you provide to us and to assist you in making
informed decisions when using our site and our products and services.
What
Information Do We Collect?
When you visit our Web site you may provide us with two types of
information: personal information you knowingly choose to disclose
that is collected on an individual basis and Web site use information
collected on an aggregate basis as you and others browse our Web
site.
Personal Information You Choose to Provide
Purchase and Registration
Information.
You will provide us information about yourself, your firm or company,
and your practices when you make a purchase from homedatasheet.com, Inc., register to be a member of
www.homedatasheet.com, register for certain services, or register for
email newsletters and alerts. You may also provide additional
comments on how you see homedatasheet.com, Inc. servicing your needs
and interests.
Email Information.
If you choose to correspond with us through email either directly or utilizing our contact form, we may retain the content of your email messages together with your email address and our responses.
Web Site Use Information
Similar to other commercial Web sites, our Web site utilizes a
standard technology called "cookies" (see explanation
below, "What Are Cookies?") and Web server logs to collect
information about how our Web site is used. Information gathered
through cookies and Web server logs may include your Internet Protocol address, the date and time of
visits, the pages viewed, time spent at our Web site, and the Web
sites visited just before and just after our Web site.
In the case of mobile phone applications "apps" please see the the information view (instructions) within each individual app for how any personal information is handled. If you download a homedatasheet.com, Inc. app that has in-app advertising, it may be possible for advertising providers and third-party advertisers to obtain certain types of information about you.  For more details see the
Apple Privacy Policy
(http://www.apple.com/privacy) and the
AdMob Privacy Policy
(http://www.admob.com/home/privacy), or the privacy policy of whichever third-party advertiser sites you happen to visit.  homedatasheet.com, Inc. has no control over the actions of mobile advertising content providers or individual mobile advertisers.
In any event, we, our
advertisers and ad serving companies may also use pieces of code to determine which advertisements and promotions users
have seen and how users responded to them.
Some of our apps allow you to submit crash reports to us in the unlikely event one of our apps crashes (closes uncommanded).  Apple may also provide us with user crash reports.  Although these reports do not contain personal information, and have been very useful in helping us improve our apps, it may be possible, in some instances, to associate server log data (such as IP address) with a particular crash report.
How
Do We Use the Information That You Provide to Us?
Broadly speaking, we use personal information for purposes of
administering and expanding our business activities, providing
customer service and making available other products and services to
our customers and prospective customers. Occasionally, we may also
use the information we collect to notify you about important changes
to our Web site, new services and special offers we think you will
find valuable. You may notify us at any time if you do not wish to
receive these offers by
contacting us
.
What Are Cookies?
A cookie is a very small text document, which often includes an
anonymous unique identifier. When you visit a Web site, that site's
computer asks your computer for permission to store this file in a
part of your hard drive specifically designated for cookies. Each Web
site can send its own cookie to your browser if your browser's
preferences allow it, but (to protect your privacy) your browser only
permits a Web site to access the cookies it has already sent to you,
not the cookies sent to you by other sites.  Some of our business
partners (e.g., advertisers) use cookies that originate from their
sites. We have no access or control over those cookies.
How Do We Use
Information We Collect from Cookies?
As you use our Web site, the site uses its cookies to differentiate
you from other users. In some cases, we also use cookies to prevent
you from seeing unnecessary advertisements or requiring you to log in
more than is necessary for security. Cookies, in conjunction with our
Web server's log files, allow us to calculate the aggregate number of
people visiting our Web site and which parts of the site are most
popular. This helps us gather feedback in order to constantly improve
our Web site and better serve our customers. Cookies do not allow us
to gather any personal information about you and we do not generally
store any personal information that you provided to us in your
cookies.
Sharing Information
with Third Parties
We may enter into alliances, partnerships or other business
arrangements with third parties who may be given access to personal
information including your name, address, telephone number and email
for the purpose of providing you information regarding products and
services that we think will be of interest to you. In connection with
alliances, partnerships or arrangements, we may also provide certain
information to third parties if we have determined that the
information will be used in a responsible manner by a responsible
third party. For example, some of our partners operate stores or
provide services on our site, while others power offerings developed
by us for your use. We also use third parties to facilitate our
business, including, but not limited to, sending email and processing
credit card payments. In connection with these offerings and business
operations, our partners and other third parties may have access to
your personal information for use in connection with business
activities. As we develop our business, we may buy or sell assets or
business offerings. Customer, email, and visitor information is
generally one of the transferred business assets in these types of
transactions. We may also transfer such information in the course of
corporate divestitures, mergers, or any dissolution.
Notice of New
Services and Changes
Occasionally, we may also use the information we collect to notify
you about important changes to our Web site, new services and special
offers we think you will find valuable. As our customer, you will be
given the opportunity to notify us of your desire not to receive
these offers by
contacting us
.
How Do We Protect Your Information?
How Do We Secure
Information Transmissions?
Your payments to homedatasheet.com, Inc. for products and services
are transmitted to us and to the payment processor using Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption to keep your data secure during transit.
Information provided by you to homedatasheet.com, Inc. on its contact
form, or directly via e-mail is not transmitted securely.  You should not divulge credit card numbers, bank account numbers, or other private financial information on our contact form, or via direct e-mail.  All payments will be
processed securely by PayPal.
How Can You Access
and Correct Your Information?
You may request access to all your personally identifiable
information that we collect online and maintain in our database by
contacting us
.
Certain Disclosures
We may disclose your personal information if required to do so by law
or subpoena or if we believe that such action is necessary to (a)
conform to the law or comply with legal process served on us or
affiliated parties; (b) protect and defend our rights and property,
our site, the users of our site, and/or our affiliated parties; (c)
act under circumstances to protect the safety of users of our site,
us, or third parties.
What About Other Web
Sites Linked to Our Web Site?
We are not responsible for the practices employed by Web sites linked
to or from our Web site nor the information or content contained
therein. Often links to other Web sites are provided solely as
pointers to information on topics that may be useful to the users of
our Web site.
Please remember that when you use a link to go from our Web site to
another Web site, our Privacy Policy is no longer in effect. Your
browsing and interaction on any other Web site, including Web sites
which have a link on our Web site, is subject to that Web site's own
rules and policies. Please read over those rules and policies before
proceeding.
Your
Consent
By using our Web site you consent to our collection and use of your
personal information as described in this Privacy Policy. If we
change our privacy policies and procedures, we will post those
changes on our Web site to keep you aware of what information we
collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we may disclose
it.
All content ©2009-2013
homedatasheet.com
, Inc.  All rights reserved.