Privacy Policy
This privacy policy governs your use of the software application Access to Insight for mobile devices that was created by Bill Parousis.  This SERVICE is provided by Bill Parousis at no cost and is intended for use as is.
What information does the Application obtain and how is it used?
The Application does not collect or transmit any personally identifiable information about you, such as your name, address, phone number or email address.
How do you handle location data?
The Application does not use or collect any data related to your geographic location.
Can users see their personal data?
The Application itself does not collect, transmit, or maintain user data.
Do you share personal information?
As no personal information is collected, transmitted, or maintained by the Application, we do not share personal information with anyone.
Do advertising companies collect data?
The Application has no facility for collecting, transmitting, or maintaining user data, so no data is shared with advertising companies.
Do you use vendors or analytics providers?
No. The Application has no facility for collecting, transmitting, or maintaining user data, so no data is shared with vendors or analytics providers.
Do you comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA)?
Yes. We do not solicit nor gather any data from children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should contact
accesstoinsightapp@gmail.com
No comments:
Post a Comment
Newer Post
Older Post
Home
Subscribe to:
Post Comments (Atom)
Blog Archive
►
2022
(1)
►
March
(1)
▼
2018
(1)
▼
October
(1)
Privacy Policy
►
2013
(1)
►
July
(1)
About Me
DhammaTalks
View my complete profile
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyse traffic. Your IP address and user agent are shared with Google, together with performance and security metrics, to ensure quality of service, generate usage statistics and to detect and address abuse.
Learn more
Got it