Games
Doodle Army
Mini Militia Classic : Doodle Army 2
Doodle Army 2 Mini Militia
Fail Whale
Crash Cart
Poo Flingers
Zombie Road Rage
Flip the Bird
Cannon Siege
Contact
About
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you connect to an app service, or register on our site, or in app, or subscribe to our newsletter.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, location, and age. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience(your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs);
To improve our website(we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you);
To improve customer service(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs);
To process transactions. Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, 
    without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested;
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature;
To send periodic emails. The email address you provide may be used to send you information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment 
    gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. 
    After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.
Do we use cookies?
Yes
(Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser 
    (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information.
This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, 
    so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, 
    enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. 
    However, non-personally identifiable visitor and app user information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Notwithstanding any other provision, we may also engage a third party partner for the purpose of identifying users and delivering to them interest-based content and advertisements.
    We may share information about you with our partners such as your name, postal address, email, or other identifier and may do so non-human readable form to ensure the security of your information.
    Our partners also may collect information directly from your device, such as your IP address, device ID, information about your browser or operating system, and depending on your device settings,
    your geographic location data, including GPS coordinates (e.g. latitude and/or longitude) or similar information regarding the location of your mobile device; may combine our personal and non-personal
    information about you with information from other sources; and may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser.
In addition to other information described in this policy, we may collect and share precise location information, through methods such as mobile “SDKs”. This location information may be used by itself, aggregated, or combined with mobile identifiers (such as IDFAs and Android IDs), and shared with third parties, for purposes related to advertising, attribution (e.g., measuring ad performance) analytics and research. You can remove your consent to having your location data collected by changing the settings on your device.(Certain services may lose functionality as a result.) 
    You can opt-out from any interest-based advertising through your device settings. When you have opted out using this setting on a device, advertisers will not use in-app information collected from that device to infer your interests or serve ads to that device that are targeted based on your inferred interests.
To opt-out of third party cookies, please go to
http://www.aboutads.info/choices
or Your Online Choices at
http://www.youronlinechoices.com/uk/
. 
    To opt-out of the use of your mobile device ID for targeted advertising, please see
http://www.aboutads.info/appchoices
.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website.
These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or 
    liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act.
We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act),
we do not knowingly collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older. Any place user created conent is available (online chat, game levels, character skins, etc.) there is no 100% filter assurance, but please report these issues to us to make sure our terms of service are being adhered to.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy,
we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
This policy was last modified on 6/21/2017.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below:
appsomniacs.com
PO Box 3800
unit 5775
Beaverton, OR 97007
USA
info@appsomniacs.com