Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy applies to your usage of the software and services provided by Synergenics, LLC as EchoLink®. We only collect your information in order to improve EchoLink and will never sell or share your information with other legal entities for commercial purposes.
The information we collect and how we use it
1. The information you provide
During the registration for your use of EchoLink we ask you for your basic data such as callsign, email address, and a password. We use that information to provision EchoLink, and to contact you when necessary.
2. Cookies
Cookies are a small piece of data used to exchange information between your browser and the server. We use cookies to store your session identifier. The server erases your cookies when you log out. We may use the permanent cookies to store some of your preferences, such as user interface language.
3. Server logs
Every time you visit the EchoLink web site, servers log an entry that includes date and time, your IP address, browser type, browser language, referrer and an address of the page requested. When you connect using client software, the server log file adds that includes timestamp, your IP address, your EchoLink callsign, client platform and client software version. We use this information for analytical purposes in aggregated form. Occasionally, we also use this information to help with problem resolution.
4. Validation information
If you submit documentation to us to verify your callsign, we may store that documentation in encrypted form for up to 30 days. We store this documentation so that it can be reviewed for authenticity to ensure the integrity of the system.
EchoLink connections
When you connect to another node in the system, your callsign is visible to other users connected to the same node. Any voice and/or text communication may be stored on others participant's computers or mobile devices, at their option, if the software permits it.
Communication privacy
We do not record or keep track of your voice communication in using EchoLink. However, the person you are talking to may save, replay and share your messages from voice history. Since most EchoLink nodes are gateways to RF transmitters operating on Amateur Radio frequencies, your voice transmissions might be heard on various Amateur Radio frequencies as well.
Data storage
EchoLink uses third-party hosting providers to store your data. We store your callsign, encrypted password, email address, and the date and time and IP address from your most recent login.
Changes
This privacy policy may be modified from time to time. When changes are significant, we will notify you by publishing the notice on our Web site at www.echolink.org.