Apps
About
Support
Contact
Menu
Privacy Statement of OvalKey
OvalKey does not  collect or store any of your personal data.  All of your events and reminders are synced from your set up calendar services (such as iCloud, Google, or Exchange) and stored on your device. Your personal data is never sent to OvalKey or anyone else
Contact Form
If you fill out a contact form on the website or send us an email, the data you provide will be retained for as long as is necessary depending on the nature of the form or the content of your email, to fully answer and correctly handle your message or email.
Providing Data to Third Parties
OvalKey is committed to protecting your privacy. We will not sell or distribute your personal information to third parties not affiliated with OvalKey.
CalendarStore
Our apps contain a third-party CalendarStore of Holiday, Weather, Sports Fixtures and other subscription calendars of interest.  The CalendarStore and it's user interface is provided by
SchedJoules
.  You can read their privacy policy
here
.
App Store
The app providing the service has been downloaded via the Apple App Store. We have no influence on which personal data Apple will process or to what purpose it will be processed. We recommend that you read the Apple privacy statement.
Google AdMobs & Analytics
We use Google Admobs to display adverts in the lite versions of our apps.  We do not provide Google with any information about the user or the device's set up or current location.  We use Google Analytics to obtain anonymous information about how users interact with our apps and to make us aware of any issues with the app such as crashes.  We accepted the data processing agreement from Google. We don’t allow Google to use information obtained by Analytics for other Google services.
Security
We take security measures to reduce misuse of and unauthorised access to personal data. We take the following measures in particular: We make use of secure connections (Secure Sockets Layer of SSL) to encrypt all information between you and our website and our apps when entering your personal data.
Third-party Websites
This statement is not applicable to third-party websites connected to this website through links. We cannot guarantee that these third parties will handle your personal data in a secure and careful manner. We recommend you read these websites’ privacy statements before making use of these websites.
Changes to this Privacy Statement
We reserve the right to modify this statement. We recommend that you review this statement regularly, so that you remain informed of any changes.
Any Further Questions?
You can always
contact us
if you have any further questions regarding our privacy policy.