Privacy Policy
Memory-Map Inc. Customer Internet Privacy Statement
This policy applies to all personally identifiable information used by Memory-Map’s web sites.
Protecting your privacy is important to us. We hope the following statement will help you understand how Memory-Map Inc. collects, uses and safeguards the personal information you provide to us on our site.
I. Information collected online.
We collect the information voluntarily provided by customers on the various forms for registration and online purchase, including name, address, phone number, email address and passwords. Credit card information is handled by a third party.
Memory-Map software stores user-generated geographic information, which can include the user’s location. At the user’s command, this cata can be transmitted by email or other means.
We do not collect any credit card information. When you make a purchase, your payment data is collected by a third party (eg Paypal).
We do not use any third-party cookies web sites. Cookies are used to store session data, essential to the operation of the site.
II. How we use the information.
We use the personal information (such as name, address, and e-mail addresses) for end user license management, and to keep customers informed of new versions of the software or new products from Memory-Map.
We use phone numbers only as needed to complete a transaction. We do not use phone numbers for marketing.
We do not disclose or sell any personal information to third parties for marketing purposes.
User-generated geographic content stored on our servers is only used for syncing content between the user’s devices and is not used by Memory-Map or disclosed for any purpose.
III. Choices available to consumers.
A customer may choose to receive notice of upgrades or new products from Memory-Map by email.
If a customer does not want to receive notices they can request to be taken off our mailing list. The request is carried out within 5 business days.
Customers can delete the synced overlay data using our apps or web site.
IV. Consumer inquiries.
For any questions, comments or requests concerning their information or Memory-Map’s privacy policy, customers may email our customer service contacts.
V. Online security.
User’s information is transmitted using the industry standard SSL/TLS protocol that encrypts personal information being transferred over the Internet. At our server, the information is further encrypted and protected with access key authentication.