TigerConnect Privacy Notice
Access Applicant and Employee Privacy Notice →
Last Updated:
April 22, 2024
This Privacy Notice is designed to help you understand how TigerConnect, Inc. (“
TigerConnect
,” “
we
,” “
us
,” or “
our
”) collects, uses, and shares your personal information, and to help you understand and exercise your privacy rights.
Notice at Collection
. At or before the time of collection, California residents may have a right to receive notice of our practices, including the
categories
of personal information to be collected, the
purposes
for which such information is collected or used, whether such information is
sold or shared
and how to
opt-out
of such uses, and how long such information is
retained
. You can find those details by clicking on the above links.
SCOPE AND UPDATES TO THIS PRIVACY NOTICE
PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
HOW WE DISCLOSE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
YOUR PRIVACY CHOICES AND RIGHTS
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
RETENTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
SUPPLEMENTAL NOTICE FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
SUPPLEMENTAL NOTICE FOR NEVADA RESIDENTS
CHILDREN’S INFORMATION
OTHER PROVISIONS
CONTACT US
1. SCOPE AND UPDATES TO THIS PRIVACY NOTICE
This Privacy Notice applies to personal information processed by us, including on our websites, mobile applications, and other online or offline offerings. To make this Privacy Notice easier to read, our websites, mobile applications, and other offerings are collectively called the “
Services
.”
An Important Note:
This Privacy Notice does not apply to any of the personal information about patients, clinical trial subjects, or clients that we process on behalf of our customers through their use of our Services (“
Customer Data
”). Our customers’ respective notice of privacy practices and/or privacy policies govern their collection and use of Customer Data. Our processing of Customer Data is governed by the contracts that we have in place with our customers, not this Privacy Notice. Any questions or requests relating to Customer Data should be directed to our customer.
Changes to our Privacy Notice
. We may revise this Privacy Notice from time to time in our sole discretion. If there are any material changes to this Privacy Notice, we will notify you as required by applicable law. You understand and agree that you will be deemed to have accepted the updated Privacy Notice if you continue to use our Services after the new Privacy Notice takes effect.
2. PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
The categories of personal information we collect depend on how you interact with us, our Services, and the requirements of applicable law. We collect information that you provide to us, information we obtain automatically when you use our Services, and information from other sources such as third-party services and organizations, as described below.
A. Personal Information You Provide to Us Directly
We may collect personal information that you provide to us.
Account Information
. We may collect personal information in connection with the creation or administration of your TigerConnect account, such as your name, email address, phone number, address, and any other information that you provide to us or that we otherwise collect.
Contacts List
. If you have a TigerConnect account and provide us with your permission, we may collect your contact lists and/or address book data. You may withdraw your permission at any time. This allows us to connect users of the Services and place them in appropriate user groups. As such, we may indicate who of your connections are also users of the Services, and likewise, we may indicate to your connections the same regarding you. This feature allows you to connect with other users of the Services and may allow other users of the Service to communicate directly with each other. In order to do this, and to make sure we give users the most up-to-date information, we will periodically check for updates to your contact lists and/or address book data.
Message Data
. When you send or receive messages via the Services using your TigerDirect account, we may temporarily process and store your messages (“
Message Data
”) in order to provide the Services to you. After its destruction, Message Data is permanently deleted and cannot be retrieved by TigerConnect, except with respect to those TigerConnect customers who have paid separately for us to archive such Message Data. Additionally, certain enterprise organizations can opt to have all Message Data archived on their own servers at their own election.
Purchases
. We may collect personal information and details associated with your purchases, including payment information. Any payments made via our Services are processed by third-party payment processors. We do not directly collect or store any payment card information entered through our Services, but we may receive information associated with your payment card information (e.g., your billing details).
Your Communications with Us
. We, and our service providers, may collect the information you communicate to us, such as through email or our web chat tool. This personal information may include, but is not limited to, your email address, phone number, or mailing address.
Surveys
. We may contact you to participate in surveys. If you decide to participate, we may collect personal information from you in connection with the survey.
Interactive Features
. We and others who use our Services may collect personal information that you submit or make available through our interactive features (e.g., commenting functionalities, forums, blogs, and social media pages). Any information you provide using the public sharing features of the Services will be considered “public,” unless otherwise required by applicable law, and is not subject to the privacy protections referenced herein.
Sweepstakes or Contests
. We may collect personal information you provide for any sweepstakes or contests that we may offer. In some jurisdictions, we are required to publicly share information of sweepstakes and contest winners.
Conferences, Trade Shows, and Other Events
. We may collect personal information from individuals when we attend or host conferences, trade shows, and other events.
Business Development and Strategic Partnerships
. We may collect personal information from individuals and third parties to assess and pursue potential business opportunities.
Job Applications
. We may post job openings and opportunities on our Services. If you respond to one of these postings, we may collect your personal information, such as your application, CV, cover letter, and/or any other information you provide to us.
B. Personal Information Collected Automatically
We may collect personal information automatically when you use our Services.
Automatic Collection of Personal Information
. We may collect certain information automatically when you use our Services, such as your Internet protocol (IP) address, user settings, MAC address, cookie identifiers, mobile carrier, mobile advertising and other unique identifiers, browser or device information, location information (including approximate location derived from IP address), and Internet service provider. We may also automatically collect information regarding your use of our Services, such as pages that you visit before, during and after using our Services, items that you search for via the Services, information about the links you click, the types of content you interact with, the frequency and duration of your activities, and other information about how you use our Services.
Cookie Policy (and Other Technologies).
We, as well as third parties that provide content, advertising, or other functionality on our Services, may use cookies, pixel tags, and other technologies (“
Technologies
”) to automatically collect information through your use of our Services.
Cookies
. Cookies are small text files placed in device browsers that store preferences and facilitate and enhance your experience.
Pixel Tags/Web Beacons
. A pixel tag (also known as a web beacon) is a piece of code embedded in our Services that collects information about engagement on our Services. The use of a pixel tag allows us to record, for example, that a user has visited, a particular web page or clicked on a particular advertisement. We may also include web beacons in e-mails to understand whether messages have been opened, acted on, or forwarded.
See “
Your Privacy Choices and Rights
” below to understand your choices regarding these Technologies.
Analytics
. We may use Technologies and other third-party tools to process analytics information on our Services. These Technologies allow us to better understand how our digital Services are used and to continually improve and personalize our Services. Some of the analytics providers we use may include:
Google Analytics
. For more information about how Google uses your personal information, please visit
Google Analytics’ Privacy Policy
. To learn more about how to opt-out of Google Analytics’ use of your information, please click
here
.
LinkedIn Analytics
. For more information about how LinkedIn uses your personal information, please visit
LinkedIn Analytics’ Privacy Policy
. To learn more about how to opt-out of LinkedIn’s use of your information, please click
here
.
Hotjar (Session Replay Analytics)
. We use Hotjar’s session replay analytics services. This allows us to record and replay an individual’s interaction with the Services. For more information about how Hotjar uses your personal information, please visit the “Personal Data collected from a visitor of a Hotjar Enabled Site” section of
Hotjar’s Privacy Policy
. To learn more about how to opt-out of Hotjar’s use of your information, please click
here
.
C. Personal Information Collected from Other Sources
Third-Party Services and Sources.
We may obtain personal information about you from other sources, including through third-party services and organizations.  For example, if you access our Services through a third-party application, we may collect personal information about you from that third-party application that you have made available via your privacy settings.
Referrals and Sharing Features
. Our Services may offer various tools and functionalities that allow you to provide personal information about your friends through our referral service. Our referral services may also allow you to forward or share certain content with a friend or colleague, such as an email inviting your friend to use our Services. Please only share with us contact information of people with whom you have a relationship (e.g., relative, friend, neighbor, or co-worker).
3. HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We use your personal information for a variety of business purposes, including to provide our Services, for administrative purposes, and to market our products and Services, as described below.
A. Provide Our Services
We use your personal information to fulfill our contract with you and provide you with our Services, such as:
Managing your information and accounts;
Providing access to certain areas, functionalities, and features of our Services;
Answering requests for customer or technical support;
Communicating with you about your account, activities on our Services, and policy changes;
Processing your financial information and other payment methods for products or Services purchased;
Processing applications if you apply for a job we post on our Services; and
Allowing you to register for events.
B. Administrative Purposes
We use your personal information for various administrative purposes, such as:
Pursuing our legitimate interests such as direct marketing, research and development (including marketing research), network and information security, and fraud prevention;
Detecting security incidents, protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity, and prosecuting those responsible for that activity;
Measuring interest and engagement in our Services;
Improving, upgrading, or enhancing our Services;
Developing new products and services;
Ensuring internal quality control and safety;
Authenticating and verifying individual identities, including requests to exercise your rights under this Privacy Notice;
Debugging to identify and repair errors with our Services;
Auditing relating to interactions, transactions, and other compliance activities;
Sharing personal information with third parties as needed to provide the Services;
Enforcing our agreements and policies; and
Carrying out activities that are required to comply with our legal obligations.
C. Marketing and Advertising our Products and Services
We may use personal information to tailor and provide you with content and advertisements. We may provide you with these materials as permitted by applicable law.
Some of the ways we may market to you include email campaigns, text messages, custom audiences advertising, and “personalized advertising” including through cross-device tracking.
If you have any questions about our marketing practices, you may contact us at any time as set forth in “
Contact Us
” below.
D. With Your Consent
We may use personal information for other purposes that are clearly disclosed to you at the time you provide personal information or with your consent.
E. Other Purposes
We also use your personal information for other purposes as requested by you or as permitted by applicable law.
F. De-Identification and/or Aggregation
We may use personal information to create de-identified and/or aggregated information, such as demographic information, information about how you use the Services, information about the device from which you access our Services, or other analyses we create. De-identified and/or aggregated information is not personal information, and we may use, disclose, and retain such information as permitted by applicable laws including, but not limited to, for research, analysis, analytics, and any other legally permissible purposes. If we create or receive de-identified information, we will not attempt to reidentify such information, unless permitted by, or required to comply with, applicable laws.
4. HOW WE DISCLOSE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We disclose your personal information to third parties for a variety of business purposes, including to provide our Services, to protect us or others, or in the event of a major business transaction such as a merger, sale, or asset transfer, as described below.
A. Disclosures to Provide our Services
The categories of third parties with whom we may share your personal information are described below.
Service Providers
. We may share your personal information with our third-party service providers and vendors that assist us with the provision of our Services. This includes service providers and vendors that provide us with IT support, hosting, payment processing, customer service, and related services. In addition, personal information and chat communications may be disclosed to service providers that help provide our chat features.
TigerConnect Customers
. If you access our Services as an authorized user of one of TigerConnect’s customers, the TigerConnect customer may access information associated with your use of the Services including usage data and the contents of the communications and files associated with your account. Your personal information may also be subject to the TigerConnect customer’s privacy policy. We are not responsible for the TigerConnect customer’s processing of your personal information.
Other Users You Share or Interact With
. Our Services may allow TigerConnect account holders to share personal information or interact with other users.
Business Partners
. We may share your personal information with business partners to provide you with a product or service you have requested. We may also share your personal information with business partners with whom we jointly offer products or services.
Affiliates
. We may share your personal information with our corporate affiliates.
Advertising Partners
. We may share your personal information with third-party advertising partners. These third-party advertising partners may set Technologies and other tracking tools on our Services to collect information regarding your activities and your device (e.g., your IP address, cookie identifiers, page(s) visited, location, time of day). These advertising partners may use this information (and similar information collected from other services) for purposes of delivering personalized advertisements to you when you visit digital properties within their networks. This practice is commonly referred to as “interest-based advertising”, “personalized advertising”, or “targeted advertising.”
Some of the advertising Technologies we use may include:
Facebook Connect
. For more information about Facebook’s use of your personal information, please visit
Facebook’s Data Policy
. To learn more about how to opt-out of Facebook’s use of your information, please click
here
while logged in to your Facebook account.
B. Disclosures to Protect Us or Others
We may access, preserve, and disclose any information we store associated with you to external parties if we, in good faith, believe doing so is required or appropriate to: comply with law enforcement or national security requests and legal process, such as a court order or subpoena; protect your, our, or others’ rights, property, or safety; enforce our policies or contracts; collect amounts owed to us; or assist with an investigation or prosecution of suspected or actual illegal activity.
Disclosure in the Event of Merger, Sale, or Other Asset Transfers
If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, purchase or sale of assets, transition of service to another provider, or other similar event, your information may be sold or transferred in connection with such transaction, as permitted by law and/or contract.
5. YOUR PRIVACY CHOICES AND RIGHTS
Your Privacy Choices
. The privacy choices you may have about your personal information are determined by applicable law and are described below.
Email Communications
. If you receive an unwanted email from us, you can use the unsubscribe link found at the bottom of the email to opt out of receiving future emails. Note that you will continue to receive transaction-related emails regarding products or Services you have requested. We may also send you certain non-promotional communications regarding us and our Services, and you will not be able to opt out of those communications (e.g., communications regarding our Services or updates to our Terms or this Privacy Notice).
Text Messages
. If you receive an unwanted text message from us, you may opt out of receiving future text messages from us by following the instructions in the text message you have received from us or by otherwise contacting us as set forth in “
Contact Us
” below.
Mobile Devices
. We may send you push notifications through our mobile application. You may opt out from receiving these push notifications by changing the settings on your mobile device. With your consent, we may also collect precise location-based information via our mobile application. You may opt out of this collection by changing the settings on your mobile device.
Phone Calls
. If you receive an unwanted marketing phone call from us, you may opt out of receiving future phone calls from us by following the instructions which may be available on the call or by otherwise contacting us as set forth in “
Contact Us
” below.
“Do Not Track
.
”
Do Not Track (“
DNT
”) is a privacy preference that users can set in certain web browsers. Please note that we do not respond to or honor DNT signals or similar mechanisms transmitted by web browsers.
Cookies and Personalized Advertising
. You may stop or restrict the placement of Technologies on your device or remove them by adjusting your preferences as your browser or device permits. However, if you adjust your preferences, our Services may not work properly. Please note that cookie-based opt-outs are not effective on mobile applications. However, you may opt-out of personalized advertisements on some mobile applications by following the instructions for
Android
,
iOS
, and
others
.
The online advertising industry also provides websites from which you may opt out of receiving targeted ads from data partners and other advertising partners that participate in self-regulatory programs. You can access these and learn more about targeted advertising and consumer choice and privacy by visiting the
Network Advertising Initiative
and
the Digital Advertising Alliance
.
Please note you must separately opt out in each browser and on each device.
Your Privacy Rights
. In accordance with applicable law, you may have the right to:
Confirm Whether We Are Processing Your Personal Information
(the right to know);
Request Access to and Portability of Your Personal Information
, including: (i) obtaining access to or a copy of your personal information; and (ii) receiving an electronic copy of personal information that you have provided to us, or asking us to send that information to another company in a readily useable format (also known as the “right of data portability”);
Request Correction
of your personal information where it is inaccurate or incomplete. In some cases, we may provide self-service tools that enable you to update your personal information; and
Request Deletion
of your personal information.
If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us as set forth in “
Contact Us
” below. We will process such requests in accordance with applicable laws.
6. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
All personal information processed by us will be hosted in the United States but may also be transferred, processed, and stored anywhere in the world, including other countries which may have data protection laws that are different from the laws where you live.
7. RETENTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We store the personal information we collect as described in this Privacy Notice for as long as you use our Services, or as necessary to fulfill the purpose(s) for which it was collected, provide our Services, resolve disputes, establish legal defenses, conduct audits, pursue legitimate business purposes, enforce our agreements, and comply with applicable laws.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal information, we may consider applicable legal requirements, the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal information, certain risk factors, the purposes for which we process your personal information, and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means.
8. SUPPLEMENTAL NOTICE FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
This Supplemental Notice for California Residents supplements our Privacy Notice and only applies to our processing of personal information that is subject to the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (as amended from time to time) (“
CCPA
”).
The CCPA provides California residents with the right to know what categories of personal information TigerConnect has collected about them, whether TigerConnect disclosed that personal information for a business purpose (e.g., to a service provider), whether TigerConnect “sold” that personal information, and whether TigerConnect “shared” that personal information for “cross-context behavioral advertising” in the preceding twelve months. California residents can find this information below:
Category of Personal Information Collected by
TigerConnect
Category of Third Parties To Whom Personal Information is Disclosed to for a Business Purpose
Category of Third Parties To Whom Personal Information is Sold and/or Shared
Identifiers
·       Service providers·       TigerConnect customers·       Other users you share or interact with
·       Advertising partners
Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e))
·       Service providers·       TigerConnect customers·       Other users you share or interact with
N/A
Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law
●      Service providers
N/A
Commercial information
·       Service providers
N/A
Internet or other electronic network activity
·       Service providers
·       Advertising partners
Professional or employment-related information
·       Service providers·       TigerConnect customers·       Other users you share or interact with
N/A
Inferences drawn from other personal information to create a profile about a consumer
·       Service providers
·       Advertising partners
Personal information that reveals a consumer’s account log-in, financial account, debit card, or credit card number in combination with any required security or access code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account
·       Service providers
N/A
Personal information that reveals the contents of a consumer’s mail, email, and text messages unless
TigerConnect is the intended recipient of the communication
·       Service providers·       TigerConnect customers·       Other users you share or interact with
N/A
The categories of sources from which we collect personal information and our business and commercial purposes for using and disclosing personal information are set forth in “Personal Information We Collect”, “How We Use Your Personal Information”, and “How We Disclose Your Personal Information” above, respectively. We will retain personal information in accordance with the time periods set forth in “Retention of Personal Information.”
We “sell” and “share” your personal information to provide you with “cross-context behavioral advertising” about TigerConnect’s products and services.
Additional Privacy Rights for California Residents
Opting Out of “Sales” of Personal Information and/or “Sharing” for Cross-Context Behavioral Advertising under the CCPA
. California residents have the right to opt out of the “sale” of personal information and the “sharing” of personal information for “cross-context behavioral advertising.” California residents may exercise these rights by  installing the
Ghostery ad-blocker browser plug-in
and blocking our use of advertising cookies via that tool or by otherwise configuring their Internet browser to prohibit advertising cookies from being set
Disclosure Regarding Individuals Under the Age of 16
. TigerConnect does not have actual knowledge of any “sale” of personal information of minors under 16 years of age. TigerConnect does not have actual knowledge of any “sharing” of personal information of minors under 16 years of age for “cross-context behavioral advertising.”
Disclosure Regarding Sensitive Personal Information
. TigerConnect only uses and discloses sensitive personal information for the following purposes:
To perform the services or provide the goods reasonably expected by an average consumer who requests those goods or services
To prevent, detect, and investigate security incidents that compromise the availability, authenticity, integrity, and or confidentiality of stored or transmitted personal information.
To resist malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal actions directed at TigerConnect and to prosecute those responsible for those actions.
To ensure the physical safety of natural persons.
To verify or maintain the quality or safety of a product, service, or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by TigerConnect, and to improve, upgrade, or enhance the service or device that is owned, manufactured by, manufactured for, or controlled by TigerConnect.
For purposes that do not infer characteristics about individuals.
Non-Discrimination
. California residents have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for the exercise of their rights conferred by the CCPA.
Verification
. To protect your privacy, we will take steps to reasonably verify your identity before fulfilling requests submitted under the CCPA. These steps may involve asking you to provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative. Examples of our verification process may include asking you to provide the email address or phone number we have associated with you, opening a link sent to the contact information provided, and following the instructions on the website you are taken to.
Authorized Agent
. Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. To authorize an agent, provide written authorization signed by you and your designated agent using the information found in “
Contact Us
” below and ask us for additional instructions.
9. SUPPLEMENTAL NOTICE FOR NEVADA RESIDENTS
If you are a resident of Nevada, you have the right to opt-out of the sale of certain personal information to third parties who intend to license or sell that personal information. Please note that we do not currently sell your personal information as sales are defined in Nevada Revised Statutes Chapter 603A. If you have any questions, please contact us as set forth in “
Contact Us
” below.
10. CHILDREN’S INFORMATION
The Services are not directed to children under 16 (or other age as required by local law), and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children.
If you are a parent or guardian and believe your child has uploaded personal information to our site without your consent, you may contact us as described in “
Contact Us
” below. If we become aware that a child has provided us with personal information in violation of applicable law, we will delete any personal information we have collected, unless we have a legal obligation to keep it, and terminate the child’s account, if applicable.
11. OTHER PROVISIONS
Third-Party Websites/Applications.
The Services may contain links to other websites/applications and other websites/applications may reference or link to our Services. These third-party services are not controlled by us. We encourage our users to read the privacy policies of each website and application with which they interact. We do not endorse, screen, or approve, and are not responsible for, the privacy practices or content of such other websites or applications. Providing personal information to third-party websites or applications is at your own risk.
12. CONTACT US
If you have any questions about our privacy practices or this Privacy Notice, or to exercise your rights as detailed in this Privacy Notice, please contact us at:
Attention: General Counsel
TigerConnect, Inc.
2054 Broadway
Santa Monica, CA 90404
support@tigerconnect.com
(800) 572-0470