Skip to content
Legal Details
Privacy
User Agreement (EULA)
Copyright & Trademarks
Website Use
GPDR
Privacy
PRIVACY STATEMENT
At Plum Amazing, LLC., your right to privacy is a primary concern. We do all we can to protect the privacy of our users. Our customer records are not for sale or trade, and we will not disclose our customer data to any third party except as may be required by law. Our business earns money by selling software, and never by monetizing your private data. Our privacy policy can be easily summarized in one line:
We don’t collect any user data from apps
Our Apps in the App Stores
Sales of our apps on Apple or Google are governed by their privacy statements. We don’t receive any personal info from either just sales numbers.
App Review
Every new version of an app gets reviewed by Apple and Google. All our apps in those stores have been reviewed many times over many years.
We Collect No Personal Information Using Our Apps
We do not collect, use, save, or have access to any of your personal data in any of our app store apps.
Permissions
• Permissions allow apps to access your info for you. •
• We have no access to it. •
Individual settings relating to the apps are not personal and are stored only on your device. You might also be asked to provide access to your photo library, but this is only so you can open your photos in our photo apps, like iWatermark, and save them back to your library. We don’t process that information at all and have no access to it.
For example, iWatermark is an app for batch watermarking photos. To do that the app requires the permission to access all photos on your behalf. We have no access to any photos or data. There is no channel for sending info.
In addition, if you take a photo using our photography apps, location data can be saved or removed from an image, but we have no access to that data and it is not shared with anyone unless you yourself choose to share the image.
No personal data returns to us.
Apps Sold on Plum Amazing
In the plum amazing store on the website for orders y
ou create an account to keep your digital purchases.
W
e only retain your name and email . This is kept to provide a license after purchase and into the future for users who may lose (most do) that info.
Also for when you lose your receipts, upgrades or license keys for apps.
The info is kept so users can log in anytime to get it again.
We never have your credit card data because we use Stripe and PayPal (they have their own privacy policies). Your transactions  are encrypted in your browser and sent encrypted to their servers so we never see credit card info.
If you approved it we occasionally send newsletters. It helps us keep you posted on the latest product announcements, software updates, special offers, and events that you might like to hear about.
If you do not want us to keep you up to date with Plum Amazing news, software updates and the latest information on products and services click on the account info and set your preferences to not receive information. You can also unsubscribe easily from any email we send.
Our Apps Comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act
Our applications don’t collect personal information from anyone, including children under the age of 13.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, feel free to get in touch with us at info@plumamazing.com
User Agreement (EULA)
General
This EULA is the entire agreement between us and supersedes the terms of any purchase orders and any other communications or advertising with respect to the Software. If any provision of this EULA is held invalid, the remainder of this EULA shall continue in full force and effect.
This Agreement will automatically terminate if you fail to comply with any term. No notice shall be required from Plum Amazing to effect such termination. Upon any termination of this Agreement (whether by you or Plum Amazing), you shall immediately discontinue use of the software and any associated services.
The Software is not fault-tolerant and is not designed, manufactured or intended for use or resale as on-line control equipment in hazardous environments requiring fail-safe performance, such as in the operation of nuclear facilities, aircraft navigation or communication systems, air traffic control, direct life support machines, or weapons systems, in which the failure of the Software could lead directly to death, personal injury, or severe physical or environmental damage (“High Risk Activities”). Accordingly, Plum Amazing AND ITS SUPPLIERS SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY OF FITNESS FOR HIGH RISK ACTIVITIES. YOU AGREE THAT Plum Amazing AND ITS SUPPLIERS WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIMS OR DAMAGES ARISING FROM THE USE OF THE SOFTWARE IN SUCH APPLICATIONS. The Software is a “commercial item,” as that term is defined in 48 C.F.R. 2.101 (Oct. 1995), consisting of “commercial computer software” and “commercial computer software documentation,” as such terms are used in 48 C.F.R. 12.212 (Sept. 1995). Consistent with 48 C.F.R. 12.212 and 48 C.F.R. 227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4 (June 1995), all U.S. Government End Users acquire the Software with only those rights set forth herein.
You may not assign or otherwise transfer this Agreement or any rights or obligations herein, by operation of law or otherwise. Plum Amazing may assign this Agreement at any time upon written notice to you. This Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the parties, their successors and permitted assigns. Neither party shall be in default or be liable for any delay, failure in performance (excepting the obligation to pay) or interruption of service resulting directly or indirectly from any cause beyond its reasonable control. The relationship between Plum Amazing and you is that of independent contractors and you shall not have any authority to bind Plum Amazing in any way.
This Agreement constitutes the complete and exclusive agreement between us, notwithstanding any other documentation or instruments provided by you. The terms and conditions contained in this Agreement may not be modified by you except in a writing duly signed by you and an authorized representative of Plum Amazing. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable for any reason, such provision shall be reformed only to the extent necessary to make it enforceable, and such decision shall not affect the enforceability of such provision under other circumstances, or of the remaining provisions hereof under all circumstances.
The laws of the United States of America and the State of Hawaii protect and govern this agreement. The Software and all rights, title and intellectual property remain with Plum Amazing. Plum Amazing reserves all rights not expressly granted in this agreement.
If you have any questions concerning this EULA or wish to contact Plum Amazing. for any reason, please email:
Plum Amazing,
info@plumamazing.com
End User License Agreement (“EULA”)
This EULA is a legal agreement between you (either an individual or a single entity) and Plum Amazing (“the Company”) for this software product and may include associated media, data and services, printed materials, updates, and on-line or electronic documentation (collectively the “Software”).
By installing, copying or using the Software you agree to be bound by this EULA. If you do not agree to the terms of this EULA, do not install, activate, or use this Software.
Ownership
The Software is protected by copyright and other intellectual property laws.
The Company and/or its suppliers own the title, copyright, and other intellectual property rights in the Software. The Software is licensed to you (an individual or an organization) for use subject to the terms and conditions in this EULA.
The Software is protected by the copyright laws of the United States and other countries, and by international copyright treaties.
The Software is licensed to you (an individual or an organization) for use subject to the terms and conditions in this EULA. The rights given to you under this license are non-exclusive and non-transferable. The Licensed Software is licensed not sold.
Grant of License
1. Evaluation
(a) Evaluation Software – Subject to the terms of this EULA, you may use the Software for private and non-commercial purposes without charge on an evaluation basis. After evaluating the software the user can pay the shareware software fee to receive a license to fully unlock the software. For more information about prices and ways to purchase, please visit Plum Amazing website, www.plumamazing.com.
(b) Redistribution of Evaluation Software. If you are using the Software on an evaluation basis you may make copies of the Evaluation Software as you wish; give exact copies of the original Evaluation Software to anyone; and distribute the Evaluation Software in its unmodified form via electronic means (Internet, Social Media (like Facebook or Twitter), BBS’s, Shareware distribution libraries, etc.). You may not charge any fee for the copy or use of the Evaluation Software itself, but you may charge a distribution fee that is reasonably related to any cost you incur distributing the Evaluation Software (e.g. packaging). You must not represent in any way that you are selling the Software itself. Your distribution of the Evaluation Software will not entitle you to any compensation from Plum Amazing. Anyone to whom you distribute the Software is subject to this EULA.
2. Single-User License – The Single User License entitles a single user to install and use on a single or multiple computers used by one individual at a time. The Software is provided to be used for unlimited period of time. The Software may only be used in accordance to their intended usage.
3. Multiple-User License – The Multiple User License entitles an organization to make the Software available to the number of users stipulated in the Agreement. The license holder may use the Software up to the Multiple User License limit. The number of users must not exceed the Multiple User License limit. Price discounts for volume. The Software is provided to be used for unlimited period of time. The Software may only be used in accordance to their intended usage. This license does not include any rights to hard-copy documentation, technical support, telephone assistance, service, or any enhancements or updates to the Software other than those the Company or its partners may determine to provide in their sole and absolute discretion. Except for the express license set forth above, the Company or its partners grant you no other rights of any kind, whether by statute, implication or otherwise.
Restrictions
You may not reverse engineer, de-compile, or disassemble the Software, except and only to the extent that such activity is expressly permitted by applicable law notwithstanding this limitation. You may not rent, lease, or lend the Software. You may not publish or publicly distribute any serial numbers, access codes, unlock-codes, passwords, or other end-user-specific registration information that would allow a third party to activate the Software without a valid license.
Services
Plum Amazing may modify the terms of this Agreement at any time, including but not limited to the price, content or nature of any data or service associated with the Software. In the event Plum Amazing modifies the Agreement, you may terminate the Agreement. Plum Amazing may terminate this Agreement at any time upon notice to you, provided that you will be entitled to receive any services for which you have already paid, or a pro-rata refund at Plum Amazing’s sole discretion. Plum Amazing may provide notice by e-mail or by publishing the changes on its website. Your obligation to pay accrued charges and fees shall survive any termination of this Agreement. You understand and agree that cancellation of your subscription is your sole right and remedy with respect to any dispute with Plum Amazing. This includes, but is not limited to, any dispute related to, or arising out of: (1) any term of this Agreement or Plum Amazing’s enforcement or application of this Agreement; (2) any policy or practice of Plum Amazing, including any Plum Amazing Privacy Policy, or Plum Amazing’s enforcement or application of these policies; (3) the Content available through Plum Amazing or the Internet or any change in Content provided through Plum Amazing; (4) your ability to access and/or use the Content; or (5) the amount or type of fees, applicable taxes, billing methods, or any change to the fees, applicable taxes, or billing methods.
Copying
You may make backup and archival copies of the Software, provided your backup and archival copies are not installed or used by users who have not licensed to use the Software. It is further provided that all such copies shall bear the original and unmodified copyright, patent and other intellectual property markings that appear on or in the Software. You may not transfer the rights to a backup or archival copy.
Distribution
1. You must not distribute any software you develop that incorporates the Software. 2. Except for unmodified copies of the Evaluation Software which may be distributed in its entirety, you must not distribute any files found in this software. 3. You must not rent or lease the Software.
Support
Support is available via our website and email to registered users.
Upgrades
Plum Amazing, Inc. from time to time, may revise or update the Software product. Single-User and Multiple-User licensed users are entitled to free minor upgrades up until the next major release. Plum Amazing, Inc. has no obligation to furnish such revisions or updates.
Disclaimer of Warranties THE SERVICES AND CONTENT ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, AND TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, Plum Amazing DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES OF THE SOFTWARE, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY, OR IN ANY OTHER PROVISION OF THIS EULA OR COMMUNICATION WITH YOU, WITH RESPECT THERETO, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NONINFRINGEMENT. THE ENTIRE RISK ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THE SERVICES AND CONTENT REMAINS WITH YOU.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY IN NO EVENT WILL THE COMPANY BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOST PROFITS OR BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES, LOSS OF USE, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF DATA, OR ANY OTHER INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES UNDER ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER BASED IN CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, PRODUCT LIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE. THIS LIMITATION SHALL APPLY REGARDLESS OF WHETHER THE COMPANY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THE COMPANY’S LIABILITY UNDER THIS EULA WILL NOT, IN ANY EVENT, EXCEED THE LICENSE FEES, IF ANY, PAID BY YOU TO THE COMPANY FOR THE LICENSED SOFTWARE LICENSED BY YOU UNDER THIS EULA.
Termination
This agreement is effective until terminated. This agreement can be terminated without prior notice from Plum Amazing, Inc. if you fail to comply with any part of this agreement. Upon termination you will remove any key, uninstall the software and destroy any written materials and any copies of the software, regardless of any modifications made to the written materials or software.
Confidentiality
Users are requested to keep the registration key priviate. Registration information is private and for your use should not be disclosed to anyone else.
Intellectual Property Rights
You acknowledges that the any Intellectual Property Rights are and shall remain the property of the Company. Nothing in this Agreement shall operate as an assignment of any Intellectual Property Right.
Indemnification
Data and information provided by the Software are intended for use only with properly licensed media, content, and content creation tools. It is your responsibility to ascertain whether any copyright, patent or other licenses are necessary and to obtain any such licenses to serve and/or create, compress or download such media and content. You agree to record, play back and download only those materials for which you have the necessary patent, copyright and other permissions, licenses, and/or clearances. You agree to hold harmless, indemnify and defend Plum Amazing, its officers, directors and employees, from and against any losses, damages, fines and expenses (including attorneys’ fees and costs) arising out of or relating to any claims that you have (i) viewed, downloaded, encoded, compressed, copied or transmitted any materials (other than materials provided by Plum Amazing) in connection with the Software in violation of another party’s rights or in violation of any law, or (ii) violated any terms of this Agreement. If you are importing the Software from the United States, you shall indemnify and hold Plum Amazing harmless from and against any import and export duties or other claims arising from such importation.
Arbitration
You and Plum Amazing agree that the exclusive remedy for all disputes and claims relating in any way to, or arising out of, this Agreement, or your use of any Content or services associated with the Software, shall be final and binding arbitration. The arbitration shall be conducted under the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”) and AAA’s Supplementary Procedures for Consumer Related Disputes (“AAA Consumer Rules”). The arbitration shall take place in Lihue, Kauai. To the fullest extent permitted by law: no arbitration under this Agreement shall be joined to any other arbitration, including any arbitration involving any other current or former licensee of Plum Amazing; no class arbitration proceedings shall be permitted; no finding or stipulation of fact in any other arbitration, judicial or similar proceeding may be given preclusive or collateral estoppel effect in any arbitration hereunder (unless determined in another proceeding between you and Plum Amazing); and no conclusion of law in any other arbitration may be given any weight in any arbitration hereunder (unless determined in another proceeding between you and Plum Amazing). Your arbitration fees and your share of arbitrator compensation will be limited to those set forth in the AAA’s Consumer Rules with the remainder paid by Plum Amazing. If such costs are determined to be excessive, Plum Amazing will pay all arbitration fees and arbitrator compensation. You and Plum Amazing may litigate in court only to compel arbitration under this Agreement, stay proceedings pending arbitration, or to confirm, modify, vacate or enter judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator(s). You and Plum Amazing hereby consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in Lihue, Kauai to enforce the provisions of this Section 11 and to resolve any disputes and claims cognizable in court relating in any way, or arising out of, this Agreement. The court, not the arbitrator, shall determine arbitrability and enforce the arbitration agreements contained herein, including the prohibition on consolidated arbitrations and class arbitration. This Agreement and all disputes and claims relating in any way to, or arising out of, this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Hawaii, without reference to its conflicts of laws principles, and the Federal Arbitration Act.
General
This EULA is the entire agreement between us and supersedes the terms of any purchase orders and any other communications or advertising with respect to the Software. If any provision of this EULA is held invalid, the remainder of this EULA shall continue in full force and effect.
This Agreement will automatically terminate if you fail to comply with any term. No notice shall be required from Plum Amazing to effect such termination. Upon any termination of this Agreement (whether by you or Plum Amazing), you shall immediately discontinue use of the software and any associated services.
The Software is not fault-tolerant and is not designed, manufactured or intended for use or resale as on-line control equipment in hazardous environments requiring fail-safe performance, such as in the operation of nuclear facilities, aircraft navigation or communication systems, air traffic control, direct life support machines, or weapons systems, in which the failure of the Software could lead directly to death, personal injury, or severe physical or environmental damage (“High Risk Activities”). Accordingly, Plum Amazing AND ITS SUPPLIERS SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY OF FITNESS FOR HIGH RISK ACTIVITIES. YOU AGREE THAT Plum Amazing AND ITS SUPPLIERS WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIMS OR DAMAGES ARISING FROM THE USE OF THE SOFTWARE IN SUCH APPLICATIONS. The Software is a “commercial item,” as that term is defined in 48 C.F.R. 2.101 (Oct. 1995), consisting of “commercial computer software” and “commercial computer software documentation,” as such terms are used in 48 C.F.R. 12.212 (Sept. 1995). Consistent with 48 C.F.R. 12.212 and 48 C.F.R. 227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4 (June 1995), all U.S. Government End Users acquire the Software with only those rights set forth herein.
You may not assign or otherwise transfer this Agreement or any rights or obligations herein, by operation of law or otherwise. Plum Amazing may assign this Agreement at any time upon written notice to you. This Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the parties, their successors and permitted assigns. Neither party shall be in default or be liable for any delay, failure in performance (excepting the obligation to pay) or interruption of service resulting directly or indirectly from any cause beyond its reasonable control. The relationship between Plum Amazing and you is that of independent contractors and you shall not have any authority to bind Plum Amazing in any way.
This Agreement constitutes the complete and exclusive agreement between us, notwithstanding any other documentation or instruments provided by you. The terms and conditions contained in this Agreement may not be modified by you except in a writing duly signed by you and an authorized representative of Plum Amazing. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable for any reason, such provision shall be reformed only to the extent necessary to make it enforceable, and such decision shall not affect the enforceability of such provision under other circumstances, or of the remaining provisions hereof under all circumstances.
The laws of the United States of America and the State of Hawaii protect and govern this agreement. The Software and all rights, title and intellectual property remain with Plum Amazing. Plum Amazing reserves all rights not expressly granted in this agreement.
If you have any questions concerning this EULA or wish to contact Plum Amazing. for any reason, please email:
Plum Amazing,
info@plumamazing.com
Copyright & Trademarks
COPYRIGHT
Copyright © 2018 Plum Amazing, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
The copyright in all material provided on this site (“Site”) is held by Plum Amazing, LLC. or by the original creator of the material. Except as stated herein, none of the material may be copied, reproduced, distributed, republished, translated, downloaded, displayed, posted, communicated to the public by telecommunication or transmitted in any form or by any means, including, but not limited to, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the prior written permission of Plum Amazing, LLC. or the copyright owner.
Please write if you have a question. Permission is granted to display, copy, distribute and download the materials on this site for personal, non-commercial use only provided you do not modify the materials and that you retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the materials.
You also may not, without Plum Amazing, LLC.’s permission, “mirror” any material contained on this Site on any other server. This permission terminates automatically if you breach any of these terms or conditions. Upon termination, you will immediately destroy any downloaded and printed materials. Any unauthorized use of any material contained on this Site may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes. All rights, title and interest not expressly granted are reserved.
TRADEMARKS
The trademarks, service marks, and logos (the “Trademarks”) used and displayed on this Site are registered and unregistered Trademarks of Plum Amazing, LLC. and others. Nothing on this Site should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any Trademark displayed on the Site, without the written permission of the Trademark owner. Plum Amazing, LLC. aggressively enforces its intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law. The name of Plum Amazing, LLC. or the Plum Amazing logo may not be used in any way, including in advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of materials on this Site, without prior, written permission.
The Plum Amazing, LLC. logo, the iClock, CopyPaste and iWatermark are trademarks of Plum Amazing, LLC.. All other trademarks and trade names are the property of their respective owners and used here for identification purposes only.
Website Use
ACCEPTANCE OF TERMS OF USE
Use of this Site is subject to certain Terms of Use which constitute a legal agreement between you and Plum Amazing, LLC.. By using this Site, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to be bound by the Terms of Use. Please review the Terms of Use; and if you do not agree to the terms, do not use this Site.
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY
The materials on this site are provided “as is” without warranties of any kind either express or implied. To the fullest extent possible pursuant to the applicable law, plum amazing software, inc. Disclaims all warranties, expressed or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement or other violation of rights. Plum amazing, inc. Does not warrant or make any representations regarding the use, validity, accuracy, or reliability of, or the results of the use of, or otherwise respecting, the materials on this site or any sites linked to this site.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
Under no circumstances, including, but not limited to, negligence, shall Plum Amazing, inc. Be liable for any direct, indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages, including, but not limited to, loss of data or profit, arising out of the use, or the inability to use, the materials on this site, even if plum amazing, inc. Or an plum amazing authorized representative has been advised of the possibility of such damages. If your use of materials from this site results in the need for servicing, repair or correction of equipment or data, you assume any costs thereof. Some provinces do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages or the exclusion of liability in certain circumstances, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.
YOUR TRANSMISSIONS
Any material, information or idea you transmit to or post on this Site by any means will be treated as non-proprietary, and may be used by Plum Amazing, LLC. or its affiliates for any purpose whatsoever, including, but not limited to, developing, manufacturing and marketing products. You are prohibited from posting or transmitting to or from this Site any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, scandalous, inflammatory, pornographic, or profane material, or any other material that could give rise to any civil or criminal liability under the law.
TERMS OF USE REVISIONS
Plum Amazing, LLC. may at any time revise these Terms of Use by updating this posting. By using this Site, you agree to be bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to determine the then current Terms of Use to which you are bound.
GPDR
GDPR
What kind of information we collect/process
As long as you visit our website without supplying personal data, only the usual information stored in Apache log files (in particular your IP address, date and time, name and version of your browser, status code, number of transferred bytes, referrer and some information about the pages visited) is recorded. This information is saved only as a precautionary measure to increase network and information security against attacks and intrusion and is deleted on a regular basis. Furthermore, visits to the website are evaluated based on these logs, but only for statistical purposes, a process in which individual users remain anonymous.
Apart from that, we record personal information only when voluntarily submitted by the visitor, e.g., in our online store, by e-mail, or when visitors fill out other forms. Such information will be used exclusively by us and our partners (e.g., our payment provider MPay24) for the indicated purpose.
Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses so-called “cookies”, text files stored on your computer, which enable an analysis of the way you use the website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is usually being transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there. According to the GDPR, our site uses IP anonymisation, so your IP address is truncated before being transferred to Google. Only in exceptional cases is the full IP address transferred to a Google server in the USA and truncated there.
On behalf of the operator of this website, Google will use this information to evaluate your usage of the website, to generate reports about the website activities and to provide further services to the website operator in connection with the use of the website and the Internet.Cookies
Besides Google Analytics, our online store uses cookies to identify your shopping cart during your shopping process. We do not store any personal information like your name, address, or e-mail address in these cookies. These cookies are destroyed when you quit your browser.
Newsletter
We send out a newsletter containing information about product updates, special offers, and company news about once a month, but only to customers who explicitely legitimate us to do so. If you want to subscribe to our newsletter, please opt-in during your purchase in our online store or. You can unsubscribe again at any time. Every newsletter contains information how to unsubscribe and you can also unsubscribe by simply contacting our customer service by e-mail.
Transfers of personal data
When you purchase on our site it’s thru service providers like PayPal, Stripe, and many others (your choice) via encryption of your
payment information so they can process payments, chargebacks or refunds, for other purposes associated with the acceptance of credit and debit cards, and to prevent, detect, and investigate fraud.
All these service providers are fully committed to GDPR standards and processing is governed by a corresponding contract according to the requirements of the GDPR and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
How long we store your information
In order to achieve the above goals and to provide you with the best possible customer service (recovery of license keys, upgrade discounts, technical support, …) we store your personal data (name and email) as long as we continue to maintain and distribute our products and therefore have to be prepared to support our customers, unless you request deletion. If you request deletion then we no longer have any info on you which means your l
Your rights
The GDPR provides the following rights for individuals:
You have the right to request confirmation as to whether or not personal data concerning you are being processed, and, where that is the case, access to the personal data.
You have the right to request rectification of inaccurate personal data.
You have the right to request erasure of personal data concerning you without undue delay.
You have the right to request restriction of processing of your personal data.
You have the right to receive the personal data concerning you, which you have provided to us, and have the right to transmit those data to another controller.
You have the right to object at any time to processing of personal data concerning you.
How to contact us
In case of any questions or concerns related to the processing of your personal data, please feel free to contact our privacy manager.
Purpose of data processing
We use, store, and process information …
To deliver our products to our customers.
To process our customers’ orders and inquiries.
To create usage statistics and to understand our customers’ needs and problems to improve our products and our web site.
To inform our customers about new releases and special offers.
To recognize, investigate, and prevent abuse of our products and web site.
Legal basis
The legal basis for processing your personal data results from one or several of the below facts:
Art. 6, Lit. 1a: your given consent to the processing of your personal data for one or more specific purposes (e.g., for sending our newsletter).
Art. 6, Lit. 1b: the necessity for the performance of the contract between you and us (e.g., purchase).
Art. 6, Lit. 1c: the need to fulfill our legal/fiscal obligations (e.g., consequence of a purchase).
Art. 6, Lit. 1f: our legitimate interests to achieve the goals mentioned in the section “Purpose” above.
What kind of information we collect/process
As long as you visit our website without supplying personal data, only the usual information stored in Apache log files (in particular your IP address, date and time, name and version of your browser, status code, number of transferred bytes, referrer and some information about the pages visited) is recorded. This information is saved only as a precautionary measure to increase network and information security against attacks and intrusion and is deleted on a regular basis. Furthermore, visits to the website are evaluated based on these logs, but only for statistical purposes, a process in which individual users remain anonymous.
Apart from that, we record personal information only when voluntarily submitted by the visitor, e.g., in our online store, by e-mail, or when visitors fill out other forms. Such information will be used exclusively by us for the indicated purposes.
Google Analytics
Please see the section above.
Cookies
Besides Google Analytics, our online store uses cookies to identify your shopping cart during your shopping process. We do not store any personal information like your name, address, or e-mail address in these cookies. These cookies are destroyed when you quit your browser.
Purpose of data processing
We use, store, and process information …
to deliver our products to our customers.
to process our customers’ orders and inquiries.
to create usage statistics and to understand our customers’ needs and problems to improve our products and our web site.
to inform our customers about new releases and special offers.
to recognize, investigate, and prevent abuse of our products and web site.
Legal basis
The legal basis for processing your personal data results from one or several of the below facts:
Art. 6, Lit. 1a: your given consent to the processing of your personal data for one or more specific purposes (e.g., for sending our newsletter).
Art. 6, Lit. 1b: the necessity for the performance of the contract between you and us (e.g., purchase).
Art. 6, Lit. 1c: the need to fulfill our legal/fiscal obligations (e.g., consequence of a purchase).
Art. 6, Lit. 1f: our legitimate interests to achieve the goals mentioned in the section “Purpose” above.
× product(s) added to cart →
×