About
About the ESV
Translation Philosophy
Oversight Committee
Review Scholars
Endorsements
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
The following policy applies to usage of our website and orders placed thereon.
What Information Do You Collect From Me?
We collect aggregate data—how many times a certain page is visited, for example—but we do not tie this data to your specific visit. We record search terms used so we can refine our search engine. We only collect personally identifiable information—your name, for example—when you sign up for an online account or newsletter, place an order, make a donation or contact us and provide this information.
We also use a technology called “cookies” for your convenience. This technology allows us to provide a persistent session between page loads. You can turn off cookies by changing your browser’s preferences. You will not be able to sign in or place an order with us online without allowing cookies.
If you create a free ESV.org account, we will also collect data related to personal annotations, such as bookmarks, highlights, personal notes, and progress through playlists and reading plans.
With Whom Do You Share My Information?
Crossway respects your privacy. We do not sell your information or disclose your information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. We engage third-party companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. These parties will have access to the information only as necessary to perform their functions and to the extent permitted by law.
What Will You Do With My Information?
If you place an order or give a donation, you will receive any necessary communication from us relating to the purchase or donation.  We may also send you newsletters and updates via postal mail or email.
For ESV.org account holders, we do not share or distribute your personal user data to other parties.
What About EU Citizens?
By instructing us to process your order, your data will be transferred outside of the European Economic Area to a country which does not adequately protect your data. The possible risks of transferring your data outside of the EEA include financial loss, identity theft, and being unable to exercise the rights you would usually have under data protection laws against the organizations/individuals who receive and have access to your data in those jurisdictions.
To create an account and place an order with us online, you are required to consent to this transfer of your data by reading and agreeing to our
Terms of Service
and Privacy Policy upon account creation. You have the right to revoke your consent at any time by contacting
Customer Service
.
Changes to This Policy
This policy was last updated June 2024. Any future changes to this policy will be posted on this page.