Privacy Policy
Com2uS Privacy Policy for EU Residents
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Com2uS Privacy Policy for EU Residents
Privacy Policy
View Previous Terms
2023-10-06
2023-03-09
2022-11-30
2022-03-29
2021-11-30
2020-11-30
2014-10-31
2014-06-24
2023-10-06
INDEX
1. Information We May Collect)
2. How We Use the Information We Collect
3.  Sharing of Your Information
4. Change/Delete Your Information
5. Transfer of Personal Data to Third Countries
6. Links
7. Security of Your Information
8. Our Policy Concerning Children
9. Your Privacy Rights
10. Data Protection Officer and Representative
11. Questions
Introduction
Com2uS Corporation and/or its affiliates (“Com2uS,” “we” or “us”) respect your rights and our obligations regarding your privacy and personal information,
and we provide this Privacy Policy to help you understand how we collect, use, share, store, and disclose your information we obtain when you are using Com2uS’s mobile/online games (“Com2uS Games”)
and related services, including, without limitation, the use of Com2uS Games, participation in an online communities for Com2uS Games or social network services offered
via the Hive Platform or Com2uS branded websites (collectively, the “Com2uS Service”).
THIS IS A LEGALLY BINDING AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU AND COM2US BY DOWNLADING AND/OR INSTALLING COM2US GAMES, ACCESSING AND/OR USING THE COM2US SERVICE
AND/OR CREATING A HIVE ACCOUNT, YOU ACCEPT AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THIS PRIVACY POLICY.
This Privacy Policy applies to any person or entity that uses the Com2uS Service, except to a resident of the Republic of Korea.
Com2uS may amend, at our discretion, any portion of this Privacy Policy at any time by posting or displaying the amended Privacy Policy within
and/or on Com2uS Games, Com2uS branded website, or the Hive Platform. You will be deemed to have accepted such amendments by continuing to use the Com2uS Service.
Except as otherwise stated, any such amendments will be automatically effective after they are initially posted.
1. Information We May Collect
1.1.  Information Received Through Your SNS(Social Networking Service) Account.
When you use or access the Com2uS Service using a third party social networking service("SNS"), such as Facebook, Google+ or Steam,
you allow us to access and/or collect certain information from your SNS profile/ account as permitted by the terms of the SNS Platform and your privacy settings thereon.
The information you allow us to access varies depending upon the Com2uS Service you use as well as the terms of the SNS Platform and your privacy settings thereon.
For example, Com2uS may access and/or collect some or all of the following information from your SNS profile/account when you use or connect to the Com2uS Service through your SNS account:
• Your first and last name
• Your profile picture or its URL
• Your user ID number, which is linked to publicly available information such as name and profile photo
• The login e-mail you provided to that SNS when you registered
Com2uS may also access and/or collect some or all of the following information from your SNS profile/account when you use or connect to the Com2uS service through your SNS account:
• Your physical location and that of your access devices
• Other information about the hardware you may own
• The user ID numbers and other public data of your friends
• Your favorite websites and fan pages.
• SteamID which is a unique identifier used to identify a Steam account
By using the Com2uS Services through your SNS account, you are authorizing Com2uS to collect, store, and use you SNS information in accordance with this Privacy Policy
as well as the terms of the SNS Platform and your privacy settings thereon.
1.2.  Other Information Collected by the Com2uS Service
The Com2uS Service will also record game play information including, without limitation, your high scores or game session duration. Any time you access the Com2uS Service,
we may also collect aggregate information, including, without limitation:
• User's mobile and PC device info (model, OS type and version)
• Internet protocol addresses
• Browser type
• Brower language
• Referring/exit pages and URLs
• Platform type
• Number of clicks
• Domain names
• Landing pages
• Pages viewed and the order of those pages
• The amount of time spent on particular pages
• The date and time of any of the activity listed above
• Billing, payment and refund data
Com2uS uses the game play information and aggregate information to better tailor the Com2uS Service to your interests, to provide you more efficient customer support, and to overall enhance the Com2uS Service.
1.3.  Information You Provide To Us Directly.
When you use any of the CC56:C66om2uS Service (including through a SNS) we may collect the following information you provide to us directly:
Registration Information We strongly encourage you to create a Hive Account that enables you to receive customer support services with ease and enjoy various features of the Com2uS Services.
In the case of mandatory collected information, you can't create a Hive account if you do not provide the information.
When you create a Hive Account, we will collect and store any registration information you share with us, such as an e-mail address or password (the “Registration Information”).
Profile Information If you have a Hive Account, you may have the option of providing additional information about yourself, including a profile photo, user name, email address.
Please keep in mind that your Profile Information may be publicly viewable
by other Hive users depending upon your privacy setting. You may control the visibility of most of the Profile Information you share with other Hive users at any time.
Public Posting Some of Com2uS Games and/or the Hive Platform may allow you to interact with other users and/or post, share, communicate with, or otherwise transmit content publicly,
such as by participating in player forums, message boards, news feeds, status updates, sending messages or invitations to other users, chatting with other users, and/or posting photo (collectively, “Public Postings”).
We may collect and store archives of such Public Postings on Com2uS’s servers, and all Public Postings are subject to this Privacy Policy.
Customer Support Correspondence When you ask our customer support team for assistance, we may collect and store from you your contact information as well as your payment information
regarding the purchase of digital items of Com2uS Games to the extent reasonably necessary to provide customer support.
Promotional Events We may offer you the opportunity to participate in promotional events regarding Com2uS Games through Com2uS Games, the Hive Platform, Com2uS branded websites, or third party websites or platforms.
If you choose to participate in such promotional events, we may collect and store the information you provide in connection with your participation in the event, such as your e-mail address or phone number,
and we will use and/or disclose that information in accordance with this Privacy Policy unless stated otherwise. We may use information you provide to contact you for winner notification, prize delivery confirmation or other related purposes.
Your entry in the promotional event may also result in your being added to our mailing lists as well as those of our promotional partners associated with such an event.
The acceptance of a prize may require you to allow us to post publicly some of your information within or on the Hive platform or Com2uS branded websites.
Friends Matching If you are an Android phone user and log-in to the Hive Platform, we may, upon your request, periodically access your contact list
and/or address book on your mobile and online device in order to help you find any friends who may also have a Hive Account. We will use such contact information solely for such a friends-matching service,
and we will not store such information after fulfilling this purpose. If you are an iOS user, we will not access your contact list and/or address book on your mobile and online device unless your identity is verified in a reasonable way
1.4 Personal Data we collect automatically
We may collect the following types of Personal Data from you automatically in our Services. We collect and process such data because we have a legitimate business interest in providing the Services to you and certain contractual obligations to discharge to you pursuant to the Terms of Services.
When you access and/or use the Com2uS Service, we may collect
(a) certain technical information about your mobile device, including MAC Address, IP Address and mobile and online device ID (except for iPhone’s unique identifier, “UDID”); and
(b) usage statistics about your interactions with the Com2uS Service.
Such information and usage data is collected through the use of server log files and/or tracking technologies. We may use “cookies” and other technologies such as pixel tags and web beacons,
clear GIFs on certain our services, games, advertising and web pages to analyze your use of our services, games, advertising and web pages, to customize, improve our services, games, advertising and web pages,
to measure promotional effectiveness, and to promote trust and safety. E-mails and other electronic communications we send to you may contain code that enables us to track your usage of the communications,
including whether the communication was opened and/or what links were followed (if any). You are always free to decline our cookies if your browser, device permits,
although doing so may interfere with your use of some of our services, games, advertising and web pages. Please note that certain features of our services, games, advertising and web pages will not be available once cookies are declined.
2. How We Use the Information We Collect
Com2uS may use the information we collect through your use of the Com2uS Service for providing enhanced game services and promotional information regarding Com2uS Games.
For example, we may use the information we collect in any of the following ways:
• Creating your Game Account and managing the account information;
• Informing you of (a) products, new products, services, features, promotions, enhancements, and updates regarding the Com2uS Service and (b) updates to the Com2uS Policy;
• Promoting and facilitating your use of the Com2uS Service, including the targeted advertising and affiliate marketing;
• Marketing Com2uS Games to you, including sending you offers, promotion information, newsletters, local or push notifications, e-mail campaigns, and communications regarding new, improved or existing Com2uS Games;
• Providing customer support and responding to user inquiries;
• Fulfilling your request and/or order for Com2uS Games and our obligations under the Com2uS Policy;
• Enabling user-to-user communication and interaction;
• Helping users find their friends who have also created a Hive Account;
• Soliciting your input and feedback to improve user experience;
• Monitoring the technical functioning of the Com2uS Service;
• Developing new and/or improved games, products, services or offerings;
• Analyzing market trends and user traffic;
• Trouble-shooting errors or issues with any of the Com2uS Service; and
• Complying with applicable laws, regulations, or administrative orders.
Also, Com2uS may combine your information in an attempt to provide you with a better user experience, to improve the quality and value of the Com2uS Service and to analyze how the Com2uS Service is used.
3.  Sharing of Your Information
We may share your information with certain third parties in the following circumstances:
Third Party Service Providers We may provide your information with third party companies that perform services on our behalf, including, without limitation, operation of the Hive platform,
data analysis, marketing services, promotional events, e-mail campaigns, hosting services, payment gateway service and customer service or support. Such third party companies may access your personal information,
but are required to use it solely as directed by us for performing requested services.
Business Partners In conjunction with the running of Com2uS Games via the Hive Platform, we are partnering with Com2uS Holdings Corp. and its affiliates (collectively, “Business Partners”) in order to:
(a) assist us in providing maintenance services of the Hive Platform and enhancing user convenience of the Hive Platform;
(b) enable you to log-in and use the Hive Platform when you are playing the Business Partners’ games without creating further accounst;
(c) enable you to receive from Business Partners any information, newsletter or notification regarding Business Partners’ games provided via the Hive Platform; and
(d) enable to participate in any promotional event or campaign of such games arranged by Business Partners.
We may share with Business Partners the information you provide about yourself, such as (1) your Hive Account information, (2) your Profile Information, (3) your telephone number,
(4) any technical and usage information we collect, and/or (5) game play information, to the extent that such disclosure may serve the above-mentioned purposes and/or facilitate your use of the Hive Platform service.
We will take commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that Business Partners use your information shared by us in compliance with any applicable laws or regulations and solely for the above-mentioned purposes.
If you wish to no longer have your personal information used by the Business Partners for their marketing purposes you may contact us at privacy@com2us.com and we will facilitate your request to Business Partners.
Payment service provider: When using electronic payment services, information related to the use of electronic payment service(including payment activity information) may be provided to a certain electronic payment gate (i.e. terminal3 - https://www.terminal3.com, Paypal -https://www.paypal.com)
Affiliate Marketing: We may share your information with third party companies for affiliate marketing associated with the promotion of Com2uS Games if such disclosure is reasonably necessary to conduct, administer,
or fulfill such a marketing activity. We will take commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that such third party companies use your information shared by us in compliance with any applicable laws or regulation and
solely for the above-mentioned purposes.
If you wish to no longer have your personal information used by third party companies for their market purposes, you may contact us at privacy@com2us.com and we will facilitate your request to the Business Partners.
Advertising of Third Party Products/Services We will not actively share personal information with third party advertisers for their direct marketing purposes unless we obtain your consent. We may share
(a) aggregated information (information about you and other Com2uS users collectively, but not specifically identifiable to you); (b) anonymous information; and (c) certain technical information (including IP Addresses,
MAC Addresses for IDs for mobile and online devices) to develop and deliver targeted advertising in the third party advertiser’s website or application. We may also allow advertisers to collect these and similar types of information
within the Com2uS Service and they may share it with us and/or use it for advertising. Advertisers may collect this information through the use of a variety of tracking technologies, including without limitation, browser cookies and web beacons.
The information collected may be used to offer you targeted ad-selection and delivery in order to personalize your user experience by ensuring that advertisements for products and services you see will appeal to you,
a practice known as behavioral advertising, and to undertake web analytics (i.e. to analyze traffic and other end user activity to improve your experience).
Offer Walls Com2uS Games or their purchase pages may display an “offer wall” that may be hosted by a third party offer wall provider. The offer wall allows third party advertisers to provide virtual currency to users
in exchange for interacting with an advertisement or for completing a marketing offer that may include signing up for an account with one of those advertisers. These offers are not controlled by or made by Com2uS.
These offers may be displayed to you based on certain technical information, such as your geographic area or anonymous demographic information. After clicking on one of these advertisements, you will no longer be on a site hosted by Com2uS.
To properly credit user accounts and to prevent fraud, a unique identifier will be shared with the offer wall provider. This identifier is used to ensure proper crediting of your account, prevent fraud or duplicate offers and
to resolve any customer service inquiries that may arise.
Safety, Security and Compliance with Law We may disclose your information to certain third parties if we reasonably believe that:
(a) we are required to disclose the information in response to legal process (e.g., a court order, search warrant or subpoena);
(b) we are required to satisfy any applicable laws, regulations, or administrative orders;
(c) there is an emergency that poses a threat to the safety condition of you, another person, or general public; and
(d) such disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the rights or property of Com2uS.
Sale or Merger  In the event that Com2uS undergoes a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or the substantiation portion of its assets,
we may transfer all of your information you have provided, including personal information, to the successor organization in such transition if permitted by and done in accordance with any applicable law.
If material changes to Com2uS’s privacy practices will occur as a result of the business transition, we will notify you the business transition prior to transferring your personal information.
4. Change/Delete Your Information
To the extent required by applicable law, you may have the right to request access to or delete your personal information.
4.1.Information We Receive From SNS
To manage the information Com2uS receives about you from an SNS, you should change your privacy settings on the SNS in accordance with any applicable policy of the SNS
In addition, in the events that it is no longer necessary to provide app experiences or services to the user (if the information is deemed non-essential for the implementation of function),
the synced social media account is deleted, requested by the provider of the synced account, required in accordance with the law or regulations, the corresponding information will be deleted immediately.
4.2.Profile Information
You may change or update the Profile Information by logging into your Hive Account.
4.3. Deleting Account
If you choose to terminate or delete your Hive Account, we will immediately delete your Hive Account information. Even after your Account is terminated or deleted some or
all of your information may still remain visible to others, including but not limited to any information that has been incorporated into any User Contents or copied, stored or disseminated by you or other users.
4.4. how to request deletion of your information
If you want to delete all or part of your personal informaition, please contact Hive Customer Service(https://customer.withhive.com/ask). You may also make a request by sending an email to privacy@com2us.com.
Depending on your request, certain services may be limited or unavailable.
5. Transfer of Personal Data to Third Countries
We may transfer your Personal Data to countries or regions where there may not be equivalent data protection standards, if a transfer is necessary to fulfill our obligations to you under our Terms of Service. In all cases, appropriate security measures to protect Personal Data are applied in the country or region in question. Transfer to third parties done under your consent can be withdrawn at any time. However, please understand that in this case, you may not be able to use the Service if your Personal Data cannot be transferred to third countries. We also strive to ensure that appropriate safeguards are implemented, including through standard contractual clauses, when transferring Personal Data to third countries."
6. Links
The Com2uS Service may contain links to other websites. The fact that the Com2uS Service links to a website or presents a banner ad or other type of advertisement does not mean
that Com2uS endorses or authorizes that third party, nor is it a representation of our affiliation with that third party. Com2uS is in no way responsible for the privacy policies of these other websites to
which you choose to access from the Com2uS Service. It is your responsibility to read the privacy policies of these other websites when exiting the Com2uS Service.
7. Security of Your Information
Com2uS takes commercially reasonable security measures to protect against unauthorized access to, or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of, sensitive data that you share and we collect and store.
Despite our efforts to enhance a security level of the Com2uS Service, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized access, hacking, data loss, or other breaches will never occur.
We strongly encourage you not to share your account password with any third parties for any reasons. Also please note that email and messaging systems are not considered secure,
so we discourage you from sending us personal information through these mediums. If you have questions regarding the security measures of the Com2uS Service, please contact us at privacy@com2us.com.
8. Our Policy Concerning Children
We do not knowingly collect any personal information from children under the age of 13. Children under the age of 13 should not use the Com2uS Service at any time.
If we learn that we have inadvertently gathered personal information from such children, we will take reasonable measures to promptly erase such information from our records.
9. Your Privacy Rights
9.1 Right of access
"You have the right to verify whether we process your Personal Data and, if so, access to your Personal Data together with certain additional information. Such additional information includes the purposes of processing, the categories of Personal Data concerned and the recipients of the Personal Data. In the request, please provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify that you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative. Your request may be denied if we are unable to verify your identity.
We will provide you with a copy of your Personal Data without affecting the rights and freedoms of others.
You may request to access of your information by visiting https://withhive.com/help/inquire or contacting us at privacy@com2us.com.
To manage the information we receive about you from an SNS, you should change your privacy settings on the SNS in accordance with any applicable policy of the SNS.
9.2 Right to Rectification
You are entitled to have any inaccurate personal data about you rectified and, taking into account the purposes of the processing, to have any incomplete personal data about you completed.
You may change or update the profile information by logging into your Hive Account or by contacting us at privacy@com2us.com.
9.3 Right to Restrict Processing
In some circumstances you are entitled to restrict the processing of your personal data.  Those circumstances are: (i) you contest the accuracy of the personal data; (ii) processing is unlawful but you oppose erasure; (iii) we no longer need the personal data for the purposes of our processing, but you require personal data for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims; and (iv) you have objected to processing, pending the verification of that objection.  Where processing has been restricted on this basis, we may continue to store your personal data.  However, we will only otherwise process it: (a) with your consent; (b) for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims; (c) for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person; or (d) for reasons of important public interest.
You may request restriction of the processing of your information by visiting https://withhive.com/help/inquire or by contacting us at privacy@com2us.com.
9.4 Right to Data Portability
To the extent that the legal basis for our processing of your personal data is:
- consent; or
- that the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are party or in order to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract,
and such processing is carried out by automated means, you have the right to receive your personal data from us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and the right to have your personal data transmitted to another controller.  However, this right does not apply where it would adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.
You may request to receive your information by visiting https://withhive.com/help/inquire or by contacting us at privacy@com2us.com.
9.5 Right to Complain to a Supervisory Authority
If you consider that our processing of your personal data infringes data protection laws, you are entitled to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority responsible for data protection.
9.6 California Privacy Rights
- California residents have certain rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) with respect to their Personal Data including the above rights.
California residents have the right to receive (a) information identifying any third party company to whom Com2uS may have disclosed (within the previous calendar year) his/her personal information for that company’s direct marketing purposes; and
(b) a description of the categories of personal information disclosed. For more details about these rights, please refer to our
California Privacy Policy
.
10. Data Protection Officer and Representative
Our data protection officer can be reached at:
Name : Kim Kyeungyeun(
Department Head
)
Email : privacy@com2us.com
Address : 131, Gasan digital 1-ro, Geumcheon-gu, Seoul, Republic of Korea
11. Questions
If you have any questions regarding our Privacy Policy and/or practices, please feel free to contact us by sending an email to privacy@com2us.com.
Back to top