Policy
Thank you for visiting our website. SessionTalk is committed to protecting your privacy. This privacy policy describes how SessionTalk Ltd collects, uses and shares the personal information you provide to us. It also describes the choices available to you regarding the use of, your access to, and how to update and correct your personal information. The use of information collected through our products and services shall be limited to the purpose of providing the products and services for which our customer has contracted with SessionTalk. If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, the practices of this website or your dealings with this website, you may contact us at admin@sessiontalk.co.uk.
What Data do we Collect?
We collect data to provide you with the best possible experience with our products and services. You provide some of this data directly when you purchase one of our products or services, register on our website, or when you contact us for support. The data we collect depends on the products, services and features you use, and can include the following: Name and contact data. We collect your first and last name, email address, website address, phone number, and other similar contact data. Credentials. We collect passwords and security information used for authentication and account access. Demographic data. We collect data about you such as your country and preferred language. Payment data. We, or our third party service providers, collect data necessary to process your payment if you make purchases. We do not collect your credit card number or CCV number. Usage data. We collect data about how you and your device interact with our services. This includes data, such as the features you use, items you purchase, and web pages your visit. This also includes data about your device and the network you use to connect to our services, including IP address, device identifiers, regional and language settings. Location data. We collect information about your location in two ways. When you register or purchase a product or service we may request a billing address or country location. We also may derive data from your IP address. Content. We collect content of your files and communications when necessary to provide you with the services you use. ‍
How do we Use your Data?
In most cases, we collect your information on the basis of your desire to avail a particular service from us or to complete a transaction using our platform. Therefore, our processing in many cases occurs on the basis of your consent or the need to perform a contract that we may have with you (also on behalf of your end users). However, in addition to collection on the basis of consent, there are other bases on which we may collect or process your information.
How and Where do we Store your Data?
Your data is stored on servers within the European Union and the United States of America. In case the servers are located in the USA, they are always hosted at centers that comply with EU data export restrictions and fully comply with GDPR. Any information given to us shall be stored and managed with the greatest care, and will not be used in ways to which you have not consented. We will not sell, rent, or exchange such personally identifiable information to any other organization or entity. Notwithstanding the above, we may indeed disclose personal information if required to do so by subpoenas, court orders or legal process or when such disclosure is made for establishment or exercise of legal rights or in defending against legal claim, or as otherwise required by law.
Data Retention
We will only retain your personal data for as long as reasonably necessary to fulfill the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or reporting requirements. We may retain your personal data for a longer period in the event of a complaint or if we reasonably believe there is a prospect of litigation in respect to our relationship with you. You have the right to request that we delete personal data held on you. This does not apply if we have a legal reason for retaining it.
Data Portability
Upon request, we will endeavour to provide you with a complete copy of your personal data held or processed by us in a structured, commonly accepted, and machine-readable format. We have provided this as a part of service to download required data whenever needed by the customer themselves.
Cookie / Tracking Technology
Our website may use cookie and tracking technology depending on the features offered. Cookie and tracking technology are useful for gathering information such as browser type and operating system, tracking the number of visitors to the website, and understanding how visitors use the site. Cookies can also help customize the website for visitors. Personal information cannot be collected via cookies and other tracking technology, however, if you previously provided personally identifiable information, cookies may be tied to such information. Aggregate cookie and tracking information may be shared with third parties.
Commitment to Data Security
Your personally identifiable information is kept secure. Only authorized employees, agents and contractors (who have agreed to keep information secure and confidential) have access to this information. All emails and newsletters from our website allow you to opt out of further mailings.
Data Controller
International House
61 Mosley Street
Manchester M2 3HZ
United Kingdom