Finarea SA
Postfach
8021 Zürich 1
Finarea SA Privacy Policy
Finarea SA ("Finarea" or "we" or "us" or "our" or other similar pronouns) ") is dedicated to protecting your privacy.
						Our Privacy Policy details how we receive and use information in connection with our website located at Finarea.ch (the "Site"), the Finarea software and Finarea applications (all the foregoing, collectively, the "Apps").
By using Finarea’s Services, you accept our Privacy Policy and our processing of your personal data. You also agree to Finarea`s use of electronic communication channels to send you information.
						It is important that you read and understand our Privacy Policy before using our Services.
Information we collect about you.
When you use our Services, we may collect the following information, including without limitation:
Personal and contact information – e.g. name, billing, email address, (mobile) phone number, etc.
Historical information – e.g. your purchase, payment and credit acceptance history.
Information about interaction between you and Finarea – e.g. how you use our Services, including page response times, download errors, entry and exit methods, as well as delivery notices when we contact you.
Information about your contacts – e.g. information about your contacts is used to make your services through our app work properly and secure when you use an account with the service.
Device information – e.g. the IP address, language settings, browser settings, time zone settings, operating system and platform and screen resolution.
Geographical information – e.g. your geographical location.
Why we collect and use personal information.
Finarea collects, uses and stores your Personal Data in accordance with applicable Swiss Law and EU directives regarding the Protection of Persons and Personal Data, as modified.
Finarea uses your Personal Data for the provision of Services and billing purposes.
Finarea may use your Personal Data to improve their Services.
Finarea may use your Personal Data to defect misuse of its system and / or a customer account.
Finarea may use the Personal Data to provide you with information relating to your account.
Finarea may use the Personal Data for marketing purposes, unless you object to this. 
						Thus, you may at any time and without charge, contact Finarea to stop any use of your Personal Data for advertising or solicitation purposes.
Finarea and any partner involved in providing the Services will store your Personal Data no longer than the time necessary to provide Services and, in any case, no longer than the maximum period permitted by the local laws, rules and regulations on Personal Data protection.
Disclosure and sharing of your Personal Data
Finarea ensures the confidentiality of your Personal Data and will never disclose them to third parties without your consent, apart from the partners involved in providing the Services.
						However, these partners involved in providing the Services will only receive the Personal Data required to perform Services. Finarea and its partners are prohibited from using your Personal Data for any other purposes.
Your Personal Data can be transmitted and stored in the European Union and in Switzerland, offering an adequate level of protection.
By using the Services provided by Finarea, you agree that your Personal Data can be transmitted to partners in Members States of European Union or in countries providing adequate protection for the provision of the Services.
Personal Data may additionally be communicated to any employee of Finarea or any partner involved in providing the Services.
The communication to these third parties is limited to data necessary for the performance of their tasks for the same purposes as the one of Finarea.
Access to your Personal Data
You can request free access to your Personal Data processed and stored by Finarea in the secure MyAccount section.
You have the following rights:
Right of access to your Personal Data: You have the right to ask us for confirmation on whether we are processing your Personal Data, and access to the Personal Data and related information on that processing (e.g., the purposes of the processing, or the categories of Personal Data involved).
Right to correction: You have the right to have your Personal Data corrected, as permitted by law.
Right to erasure: You have the right to ask us to delete your Personal Data, as permitted by law. This right may be exercised among other things: (i) when your Personal Data is no longer necessary for the purposes for which it was collected or otherwise processed; (ii) when you withdraw consent on which processing is based and where there is no other legal ground for processing; (iii) when you object to processing pursuant to Art. 21 (1) GDPR and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for the processing, or when you object to the processing pursuant to Art. 21 (2) GDPR; or, (iv) when your Personal Data has been unlawfully processed.
Right to restriction of processing (Art. 18 GDPR): You have the right to request the limiting of our processing under limited circumstances, including: when the accuracy of your Personal Data is contested; when the processing is unlawful and you oppose the erasure of your Personal Data and request the restriction of the use of your Personal Data instead; or when you have objected to processing pursuant to Art. 21 (1) GDPR pending the verification whether the legitimate grounds of Finarea override your grounds.
Right to data portability: You have the right to receive the Personal Data that you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, and you have the right to transmit that information to another controller, including to have it transmitted directly, where technically feasible.
Right to object: You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Data, as permitted by law. This right is limited to processing based on Art. 6 (1) (e) or (f) GDPR, and includes profiling based on those provisions, and processing for direct marketing purposes. After which, we will no longer process your Personal Data unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing that override your interests, rights and freedoms or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.,
Data Retention
We will retain your Personal Data for as long as you maintain an account or as otherwise necessary to provide you the Services.
We will also retain your Personal Data as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Where we no longer need to process your Personal Data for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy, we will delete your Personal Data from our systems.
Where permissible, we will also delete your Personal Data upon your request, after which we may not be able to continue to provide you with the Services.
Information on how to make a deletion request can be found by logging into your MyAccount.
Security of your Personal Data
Finarea uses standard security technologies and procedures to ensure the protection of your Personal Data against unauthorized access, use, disclosure or destruction.
Finarea takes security measures, such as technical and organizational measures against unauthorized or unlawful access to your Personal Data and against accidental loss or destruction of, or damage to your Personal Data.
Any sensitive information, such as your credit card number are protected by encryption. The encrypted communication is established using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology.
Indeed, SSL provides the secure exchange of data between two computers in order to ensure the confidentiality, integrity of exchanged information and authentication by recognition of the identity of the program, the person or company with which the Personal Data is exchanged.
Third-Party Sites and Privacy Practices
You may arrive at our Site and/or download the App from another website.
In addition, our app may contain links that will let you leave our app and access another website.
						Websites linked to or from our apps are not under the control of Finarea and it is possible that these websites have a different privacy policy.
Our Policy applies solely to Personal Information that is acquired through your use of our apps, and/or your relationship with Finarea.
We urge you to be careful when you enter any personal information online.
Analytics Collection
Finarea uses Google Analytics to help us anonymously track and report user/visitor behavior information and users’ standard log information to the Site.
This information (including but not limited to: IP address, data storage, maintenance services, database management, web analytics and information processing) helps us analyze and evaluate how the Site is used as part of our ongoing efforts to improve the Site and App’s features and services.
No personally identifying data is included in this type of reporting.
Google Analytics may have access to your information only for the purposes of performing these tasks and on behalf of Finarea and under obligation similar in those in this Privacy Policy.
						For more information about the terms that govern Google Analytics, please visit the
Google Analytics terms of service
.
We will never (and will not allow any third party to) use the statistical analytics tool to track or to collect any Personally Identifiable Information (PII) of visitors. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.
We will not associate any data gathered from this site with any Personally Identifiable Information from any source.
Changes to Policy
From time to time, we may revise this Policy.
We reserve the right to update or modify this Policy, or any other of our policies or practices, at any time with or without notice.
We will post the revised Policy on the Site, so that users can always be aware of what information we collect, how the information is used and under what circumstances such information may be disclosed.
You agree to review the Policy periodically so that you are aware of any modifications.
Your continued use of the Site indicates your assent to any changes and signifies your agreement to the terms of our Policy.
If you do not agree with these terms, you should not use the Site, the apps, or any of the other Services.
© 2005 - 2025 FINAREA SA - All rights reserved