Responsibility
Stiftelsen Norsk Luftambulanse (SNLA) is responsible for the processing of the information
collected through the Hjelp 113 app. This privacy policy outlines what information is
collected, for what purposes and where it is being saved. Furthermore, on what basis your
information is collected, as well as your rights and whom to contact with any further
enquiries.
Personal data which may be collected
When you download the Hjelp 113 app, you will be asked to register your mobile phone
number and to allow sharing your location in the app. You will also be asked to send your
phone number and email address to SNLA in order to receive information about SNLA’s
work.
Purpose and basis of treatment
In order for the Hjelp 113 app to automatically send your location to the emergency
notification centre while in an emergency call, you must have registered your mobile phone
number and allowed sharing your location in the app.
The Hjelp 113 app is free to download, and all processing of personal information through
the app is based on your consent in accordance with Regulation (EU) 2016/679 General Data
Protection Regulation (GDPR) article 6 (1)(a).
Processing of your information
The information you enter into the app will be stored encrypted locally in the app. If you
allow the sharing of your location in the app, in the case of an emergency call the app will
send your mobile phone number and location encrypted to a proxy server where the
information is decrypted and forwarded to Nasjonal Referansedatabase (NRDB). The
decrypted information will be deleted no later than an hour after you have registered your
phone number and allowed the sharing of your location in the app. For more information
see
www.nrdb.no
.
In order to ensure high level of information security within our systems and for our users, and for the purpose of troubleshooting and support, history logs will be saved internally within our systems. The following information will be saved: IP address, mobile phone number, time of call, app version, operating system and location within the database. These logs are deleted monthly.
We also keep user statistics based on the type of mobile phone, app version and the area in which the app has been in use.
The Hjelp 113 app will also request your mobile phone number and/or email address in order for SNLA to share information about their work. If you consent to this use, the information you provide will then be saved in the SNLA database for information and marketing purposes. Your information will not be shared with third parties without your knowledge.
Your rights
You have the option to withdraw your consent to share your location at any time directly in the Hjelp 113 app by removing your mobile phone number. The app functionality will then be limited.
You have the option to withdraw your consent for SNLA to use your information for information and marketing purposes at any time by sending STOPP in an SMS to 2113, on email to
post@norskluftambulanse.no
or via phone to
(+47) 64 90 43 00
.
Children
SNLA wants the Hjelp 113 app to be usable by everyone, including children. Registering a mobile phone number and allowing location sharing is therefore not a requirement for using the app. If you as a parent/guardian want the full functionality of the app for your child, is it your responsibility should the mobile phone number and consent to location sharing be registered in the app for a child under 13 years of age. This is also stated in the terms of use, in accordance with the Norwegian Data Protection Authority’s guidelines for the use of digital services by children.
Data protection officer
SNLA has established a data protection officer with the sole purpose to assist the users and to protect their rights in accordance with the Personal Data Act, including the right to access your own personal data and to demand correction and deletion of faulty or incorrect information. If you have any queries regarding the processing of your information in the Hjelp 113 app, please contact the data protection officer via email on
pvo@snla.no
.
Changes to this privacy policy
SNLA reserve the right to change this privacy policy without notice. We encourage you to review this privacy policy regularly to stay aware of any changes regarding your privacy while using the Hjelp 113 app.