Do you agree to let us use cookies?
We and
our 6 partners
use cookies and trackers to
Enable the
proper functioning
of the site
Measure audience and suggest site updates
By clicking on “Accept All”, you consent to these purposes. You can change your choice at any time. If you refuse, cookies subject to your consent will not be placed. If you wish to refuse operating cookies via your browser, navigation on the site may be degraded. For more information, you can consult our cookie policy.
Learn More →
Disagree and close
Agree and close
Privacy Policy
Date of last update:
June 20th, 2022
Recitals
This Policy is an integral part of the
Terms of Use and Services
; therefore the definitions used therein are reused in this Policy.
This Policy sets out the minimum rules that Asmodee Digital (hereinafter "Asmodee", "we", "us", "our") has established with regard to the protection of Personal Data so that the collection, use, storage, and communication of Personal Data are carried out in a fair, transparent, and secure manner.
This Policy defines our approach to the processing of your Personal Data that we collect from you or that third parties lawfully communicate to us and the purposes of such processing. It also sets out your rights with regard to our processing of your Personal Data.
We are required, as a data controller within the meaning of the Personal Data Regulations, to collect Personal Data from you in connection with the use of your Account allowing you to access all content of the Applications and to use the Services under a single identity.
In connection with your use of the Services of our Partners' Applications, we may also process your Personal Data on their behalf as a subcontractor within the meaning of the Personal Data Regulations.
Definitions
The following terms, whether used in the singular or plural form in this Policy, shall have the following meanings:
"
Application(s)
": refers to the websites, mobile games, computer games and online games published by Asmodee Digital and/or its Subsidiaries as well as by its Partners;
"
Intermediate Storage
": shall refer to the transfer of Personal Data that is still of administrative interest to us (such as in the event of litigation and/or legal obligation) into a separate database, logically or physically separated and to which, in any event, access is restricted. This storage is an intermediate step before the deletion or anonymization of the relevant Personal Data;
"
TUS
": refers to the Terms of Use and Services of the Platform available on
https://account.asmodee.net/legal/terms
;
"
Account
": shall refer to the sole account accessible on the website asmodee.net through the User's personal, confidential credentials that he/she may not communicate to a third party, and from which he/she can access the Platform and the Applications;
"
Personal Data
": shall refer to the User's personal data, under the Personal Data Regulations, collected and processed in connection with the use of the Platform and Applications.
"
Subsidiary(-ies)
": shall refer to any company or entity that directly or indirectly controls or is controlled by or under common control with Asmodee Digital. Control of an entity shall mean having, directly or indirectly, the authority to direct or cause to be directed the management or policies of such entity, whether by ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise.
"
Asmodee Group
": shall refer to all companies or entities controlled directly or indirectly by Financière Amuse TopCo SAS. Control of an entity shall mean having, directly or indirectly, the authority to direct or cause to be directed the management or policies of such entity, whether by ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise.
"
Partner(s)
": shall refer to the companies publishing the websites www.daysofwonder.com, www.fantasyflightgames.com, www.asmodeena.com, community.fantasyflightgames.com, store.us.asmodee.com and www.zmangames.com;
"
Platform
": shall refer to the platform accessible from the website
account.asmodee.net
or api.asmodee.net;
"
Policy
": shall refer to this Privacy Policy;
"
Product(s)
": refers to the physical product(s) sold on the Asmodee Platform and via its Partners' Applications, notably the games;
"
Personal Data Regulations
": shall refer to French Act No. 78-17 of January 6, 1978 on information technology, data files, and civil liberties (Loi relative à l'informatique, aux fichiers et aux libertés), amended pursuant to EU Regulation of April 27, 2016 published in the Official Journal of the European Union on May 4, 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data (“GDPR", General Data Protection Regulation);
"
Service(s)
": refers to the service(s) provided by the Platform and by our Partners' Applications that use the Platform, including access to Chats and/or newsgroups as well as the Discussion Areas(s) where Users can exchange ideas with each other, the access to online games, online tournaments and the creation of content by Users (avatars, game scenarios, stories, suggestions, comments, etc.);
"
User/You
": shall refer to the natural person, whose minimum age is in accordance with local legislation, navigating on the Platform from his/her Terminal and whose processing of his/her Personal Data is governed by the Policy. As such, the User guarantees, in the event that he/she is younger than the required age, that he/she has obtained the consent of the holder of parental authority with regard to the processing of his/her Personal Data;
"
Terminal(s)
": refers to the hardware equipment(s) (computer, tablet, smartphone, phone, etc.) used by the User to use the Platform or the Products.
Who is responsible for processing your Personal Data?
Minimum age
What Personal Data do we collect from you?
How do we process your Personal Data?
With whom do we share your Personal Data?
How long do we keep your Personal Data?
Security of your Personal Data
What are your rights?
Data Protection Officer (DPO)
Right to file a claim with the CNIL
Contact and claims
Policy update
Who is responsible for processing your Personal Data?
Asmodee Digital, whose registered office is located at 18, rue Jacqueline Auriol, 78280 Guyancourt, France, registered with the Versailles Trade and Companies Register (Registre du Commerce et des Sociétés de Versailles) under number 818 058 216, is the controller of your Personal Data. We may, as the case may be, act as a subcontractor of the processing of your Personal Data carried out by the Partners.
Minimum age
Preserving the safety and privacy of children is very important to us. We do not voluntarily collect or use Personal Data from persons under the minimum age required by local legislation (e.g., 15 years old in France) without the consent of both the child and the holder(s) of parental responsibility.
You also confirm that you have the minimum required age (or more) when you provide your Personal Data related to the use of our Products or Services and/or those of our Partners. If you are under the age of majority, you must request permission from your parent or legal guardian to provide us with your Personal Data. To do so, please contact us at the address specified in the Article entitled "Contact and claims" below.
What Personal Data do we collect from you?
We collect the following Personal Data about you:
Identifying information, such as your first and last name, pseudonym, date of birth, and gender,
Personal contact information, such as email address, country of residence, postal code,
Data related to the transactions you make,
Login data when you use the Applications or Services (time and location of your activities, username and IP address),
Content data communicated on the Applications or Services (in particular through Chats, Forums, Posts on forums, messages, or other functionalities).
We do not collect any Personal Data that is considered "sensitive" under the Personal Data Regulations, in particular data relating to your state of health or that would reveal your alleged racial or ethnic origin, your political views, your religious or philosophical beliefs, or your trade union membership.
How do we process your Personal Data?
We process your Personal Data for the following purposes. Whenever we process your Personal Data, we do so on the basis of a legal "justification" (or legal basis) for processing, which we have identified in the table below.
Purposes
Legal Basis
In order for you to log in to your Account and be able to access the Applications under a single identity.
This processing operation is required for the performance of the contract concluded between you and Asmodee and between us and our Partners, for whom we act as sub-processor.
To allow you to use the Services and in particular to communicate content on our Partners' Applications.
This processing is necessary for the performance of the agreement made between us and our Partners on behalf of whom we act as a subcontractor.
To provide you with business information about (i) Asmodee's and/or Partners' similar Products and Services (ii) Asmodee Group and/or (iii) third-party partners.
We consider it in our legitimate interest to keep our customers informed about our Products and Services, but also the similar products and services offered by the Asmodee Group, its Partners or third-party partners, as this helps us ensure the sustainability and growth of our businesses. However, where the law requires Asmodee to obtain your consent before sending you such information, Asmodee will rely on your consent to proceed with the processing.
To provide you with personalized ads on social media (using as a unique identifier the same email address you may have provided for the creation of your user accounts on both Asmodee and the social media’s platforms).
If you are an existing customer and live in a relevant country (e.g., Canada, France, UK, USA), we consider it is in our legitimate interest to provide you with personalized ads about our Products and Services, but also the similar products and services offered by the Asmodee Group, as this helps us ensure the sustainability and growth of our businesses.
However, if you are not an existing customer or if you live in a country where the law requires Asmodee to obtain your consent before providing you with personalized ads on social media (e.g., Germany), Asmodee will rely on your consent to proceed with the contemplated purpose.
To improve our understanding of our customers.
We consider that it is our legitimate interest to understand our customers so that we can develop relevant products and services
For us to comply with any applicable law, court order, legal process, or the requirements of a regulatory body.
This processing is required to comply with our legal obligations.
To enforce our legal rights and obligations and for any legal proceedings involving you, initiated by or against you.
We consider it in our legitimate interest to protect our organization against any breach of a legal obligation due to it and to defend ourselves in the event of a dispute.
To protect the rights of third parties.
This processing is required to comply with the legal obligations to which Asmodee is subject. Such processing is also necessary for the legitimate interests pursued by Asmodee. We consider it in our legitimate interest to ensure that our activities do not violate the rights of third parties.
In anticipation of and/or in connection with a business transaction such as a merger, acquisition, restructuring, or sale.
We consider it in our interest to be able to make decisions about the future of our company in an informed manner, in order to preserve and develop our business activities.
The content you publish on the Applications or Services will remain associated with the username you have chosen for your account, including after your Account and/or your personal data have been deleted.
To ensure the asmodee.net Platform remains coherent and understandable, we consider that it is in our legitimate interest to store your content – which is associated with the username you provided for your profile – on the Platform. You may specifically request the removal of your content at any time in line with the terms of the Article concerning "Contact and claims" in this Privacy Policy.
To improve our marketing campaigns
We consider that it is in our legitimate interest to understand which marketing channels enable us to have effective marketing campaigns. However, where the law requires Asmodee to obtain your consent to measure the effectiveness of our campaigns, Asmodee will rely on your consent before carrying out the required processing.
With whom do we share your Personal Data?
We may share your Personal Data with different types of recipients, especially with our Partners, in order to provide you with the Services:
Internal recipients
External recipients
Authorised personnel from the marketing department, the departments responsible for customer relations and prospecting, the administrative and legal departments, the logistics and IT departments, as well as their line managers.
other Asmodee Group companies;
our Partners;
social networks (Instagram, Facebook and TikTok);
legal officers, if relevant;
the authorised personnel of sub-processors (data hosting/storage providers, email-marketing service provider, software publishers, data analysis companies, application maintenance and support teams, etc.)
Please note that this list is not exhaustive and that there may be other cases in which we share your data with third parties, where this is in Asmodee's legitimate interest, permitted by applicable law, or where it is required to comply with a legal obligation to which we are subject.
Your Personal Data may be transferred outside the European Economic Area (EEA) to countries that do not provide the same level of protection as that provided within the EEA, such as the USA. If the European Commission has not adopted an adequacy decision concerning the country or area concerned, the transfer of your Personal Data shall be governed by the standard contractual clauses adopted by the European Commission, or any other legal protection mechanism in accordance with the applicable law. You can obtain a copy of these protection measures by contacting our DPO at the following address:
How long do we keep your Personal Data?
As a matter of principle, your Personal Data is only kept for as long as necessary to achieve the purposes for which it was collected.
Thus, when creating your Account, your identification data (surname, name, date of birth) as well as your personal data (e-mail address, country of residence) is kept for a period of
seven (7) years
, in the so-called active database,
from the date you last logged in
.
For the purposes of commercial prospecting, your data shall be stored for a period of
three (3) years
from the date of end of the commercial relationship, if you are a customer, and for a period of
three (3) years
from the date of the data collection or the date of your last contact, if you are a prospect.
Data related to the Services use (login data: time and place of your activities, username and IP address, data of the content communicated) is kept for a period of
three (3) months
, in the so-called active database,
from the date you last logged in
.
Moreover, we may keep some of your data for a longer period of time, in particular when we are required to do so by law or when such data is required to prove a right or contract. This applies especially to your transaction data (invoices relating to the purchase of games and other Products), the number of transactions you have conducted as well as the date and time of these transactions).
In this case, your Personal Data will be stored and kept for a period of
five (5) years
in compliance with the standard limitation period.
This data will also be kept in Intermediate Storage for a period of
ten (10) years
, in compliance with our tax and accounting obligations.
Once the retention periods have expired, we shall ensure that your Personal Data is anonymised or deleted.
However, in accordance with Article 5.6 of our Terms of Use and Services, your Content will be retained even after your Account and/or Personal Data has been deleted, with the understanding that your Content will remain associated with your former account. You may specifically request the deletion of such Content, at any time, as set out in the Article entitled "What are your rights" in this Privacy Policy.
Security of your Personal Data
We are committed to ensuring the security of your Personal Data and we have established information system security policies as well as appropriate technical rules and measures to protect it from unauthorized access, modification, use, and disclosure or unlawful destruction or accidental loss.
All our Partners, employees, Subsidiaries, consultants, and data subcontractors who have access to Personal Data and are involved in its processing are required to preserve its confidentiality.
Password security
We shall take all necessary precautions to ensure the secure storage of your password associated with your Account (storage encrypted by a strong one-way algorithm).
However, the security of this password also depends on its design.
Also, we remind you that for your password to be valid, it must be sufficiently complex and difficult to guess, even by someone who knows you well. When creating your AsmoConnect account via the Internet, we offer you a password quality analysis tool whose recommendations we ask you to follow.
Password security
All communications between the Applications and the Platform are carried out in a secure manner using the SSL/TLS protocol, identified by the appearance of a small padlock icon or equivalent in Internet browsers. This protocol protects you against spying during Personal Data transfers between Applications and the Platform.
Security of the storage of personal data
The Platform stores Personal Data on highly secured medium both logically (encrypted hard drives) and physically (secure access data centers).
What are your rights?
In accordance with the Personal Data Regulations, you have a number of rights to your Personal Data. Each of these rights is further detailed below:
Withdrawal of consent
. You can withdraw your consent concerning the processing of your Personal Data at any time, if the processing is based on that consent.
Access
. You may ask us to confirm whether we are processing your Personal Data and, if so, to provide you with the following information:
the purposes of the processing;
the types of Personal Data;
the recipients or types of recipients to whom the Personal Data has been or will be communicated;
where possible, the intended storage period of the Personal Data or, where this is not possible, the criteria used to determine this period;
the existence of the right to request the rectification or deletion of Personal Data, or a limitation on the processing of Personal Data, or the right to object to such processing;
the right to file a complaint with the supervisory authority for personal data (in France, the CNIL);
when Personal Data is not collected from you, any information available regarding their source of information;
the existence of automated decision-making, including profiling, and, at least in such cases, relevant information about the rationale, as well as the importance and expected consequences of such processing for you.
Where Personal Data is transferred to a third country or an international organization, you have the right to be informed of the relevant safeguards with regard to the transfer.
We provide you with a copy of the Personal Data that is subject to processing.
We may charge a reasonable fee based on administrative costs for any additional copies you request from us or if you request that Personal Data be transmitted in paper and/or physical formats.
When you make your request electronically, the information will be provided to you in an electronic form that is commonly used, unless you otherwise request.
Your right to obtain a copy of your Personal Data must not infringe on the rights and freedoms of others.
Rectification
. You have the possibility to have your Personal Data rectified promptly if it is incorrect. You also have the option of having your Incomplete Personal Data completed, including by providing a supplementary declaration.
Deletion
. You may ask us to delete your Personal Data promptly in the following cases:
when it is no longer required for the purposes for which it was collected;
you have revoked your consent and there is no other legal basis for the processing;
following the exercise of your right to object;
your Personal Data has been unlawfully processed;
or to comply with a legal obligation.
We are not obliged to comply with your request to delete your Personal Data, in particular if its processing is necessary to comply with a legal obligation or to recognize, exercise, or defend legal rights.
Limitation
. You may ask us to limit the processing of your Personal Data (i.e., to retain it without using it) where:
its accuracy is disputed;
its processing is unlawful but you do not want it to be deleted;
it is still required for the recognition, exercise, or defence of legal claims;
we verify the existence of compelling reasons for exercising your right to object.
We may continue to use your Personal Data following a request for restriction in the following cases; with your consent: to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; or to protect the rights of any other person or entity.
Portability
. You may ask us to provide you with your Personal Data in a structured format, commonly used and readable by a machine, or you may request that it be transmitted directly to another controller, but only if:
the processing is based on your consent;
within the performance of an agreement made with you and that the processing is automated.
The right to the portability of your Personal Data must not infringe on the rights and freedoms of others.
Right to object
. You may at any time, for reasons related to your specific situation, object to the processing of your Personal Data based on our legitimate interest. We will then no longer process Personal Data, unless we demonstrate that there are compelling and legitimate grounds for processing that prevail over your interests and your rights and freedoms, in whichcase we may keep them for the purpose of recognizing, exercising, or defending legal rights. We may also retain the data to establish, exercise or defend legal claims.
You may at any time object to the processing of your Personal Data for the purpose of prospecting.
Digital will
. You may define guidelines (general or specific) regarding the treatment of your Personal Data after your death, including the storage, deletion, and disclosure of your Personal Data, which guidelines may also be registered with a "certified digital trusted third party". These guidelines may designate a person to carry them out; otherwise, your heirs will be designated.
In the absence of any directive, your heirs may contact us to:
access to the processing of Personal Data allowing "
the planning and arrangement of the deceased's estate
";
receive communication of "
digital property
" or "
data similar to family memories, transmissible to heirs
";
have your Account on the Platform closed and oppose the further processing of your Personal Data.
In any case, you have the possibility of informing us, at any time, that you do not wish your Personal Data to be communicated to a third party in the event of death.
Data Protection Officer (DPO)
We have appointed a Data Protection Officer.
The contact details of the Data Protection Officer are as follows:
Name : Ms Laurence Gardias
E-mail:
Tel.: +33 1 76 21 80 20
If you wish to obtain information or ask a specific question, you can contact the Data Protection Officer, who will respond to the question asked or the information requested within a reasonable timeframe.
Right to file a claim with the CNIL
We inform you that you have the right to file a claim with a supervisory authority (namely the CNIL in France), if you consider that the processing of your personal data does not comply with the European data protection regulation. Please send your claims to the following address:
CNIL – Service des plaintes
3 Place de Fontenoy - TSA 80715 - 75334 PARIS CEDEX 07
Tel.: +33 1 53 73 22 22
Contact and claims
In order to exercise your rights, please
download the form
, fill it in and add it to your request at
https://asmodee.helpshift.com/a/asmodee-net/
.
For more information about your rights, to exercise your rights or for any question regarding the protection of your Personal Data, please contact us at
https://asmodee.helpshift.com/a/asmodee-net/
In order to assert your rights under the terms referenced above and in the event that Asmodee has doubts about the applicant, Asmodee may ask you to prove your identity by specifying your surname, name, and e-mail address, and submitting a copy of a valid proof of identity along with your request.
You will receive an answer within a maximum of one (1) month following the date of receipt of the request.
If required, this period may be extended to two (2) months by Asmodee, who will inform you of the response in consideration of the complexity and/or number of requests.
In the event of a request to delete your Personal Data and/or in the event of the exercise of your right to request the deletion of your Personal Data, Asmodee may, however, retain it in the form of an Intermediate Storage for the time necessary to meet its legal obligations, or for probationary purposes during the relevant limitation period.
Policy update
We may amend this Policy from time to time, for instance to take into account legal changes, technological advances, and good business practices.
click here it's wonderful!