Terms
Privacy Policy
Imprint
Last Update
Dec 9, 2024
Privacy Policy
1.  Introduction
This Privacy Policy ("
Policy
") sets out how Red Bull Media House GmbH whose offices are at Oberst Lepperdinger Straße 11-15, 5071 Wals-Siezenheim, Österreich (hereinafter “
Red Bull
”, "
we
", "
us
", "
our
") collects and processes Personal Information about you when you, among other things, visit our website, use our applications on mobile phones or other consumer electronic devices or access our social media experiences or other experiences where this Policy is posted (the "
Properties
"). This Policy does not apply to employee or applicant data that we process in accordance with our Employee and Applicant Privacy Notice at
https://policies.redbull.com/r/8a57acfb-3626-4c01-9a58-2a8b14211070/recruitment_policy/en_US
. By continuing to use any of these Properties, you consent to your Personal Information being collected, processed and/or shared in accordance with this Policy.
2. Notice at Collection
Below is an overview of the categories of Personal Information we have collected in the past 12 months, along with related information. For information about how to exercise the rights you may have under various state privacy laws, see Section 10 of this Policy.
Personal Information We Collect
How We Use Your Personal Information (Our Business Purpose)
With Whom Do We Sell/Share/Disclose Your Information?
Personal Identifiers
To administer our Properties, including troubleshooting
To send you marketing materials and to provide you with personalized content and experiences
To administer contests, sweepstakes and promotions
Professional services consultants
Social Media Networks
Commercial Information
To provide goods and services purchased
To comply with our legal obligations
Fulfillment vendors
Professional services consultants
Government agencies
Internet Activity Information
To optimize or improve our products, services, operations and Properties
To detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity
To improve our websites and services
To perform research and business analytics, and identifying usage trends
To monitor compliance with our policies, maintain network and information security
Analytics services
Security vendors
Other Information Technology (“IT”) vendors
Professional services consultants
Contest and Promotion Information
To administer payments or prizes for contests, sweepstakes and promotions
To comply with our legal obligations
Fulfillment vendors
Promotional Partners
Professional services consultants
Profile Information
To send you marketing materials and to provide you with personalized content and experiences
Professional services consultants
Sensitive Personal Information
To comply with our legal obligations
To verify your eligibility to participate in activations, contests and promotions and/or issue related tax statements for winners
To prevent fraud and abuse and to secure our systems, data, resources and facilities from unauthorized access or exploitation
To monitor compliance with our IT policies, maintain network and information security
To provide security and comply with health and safety obligations
Professional services consultants
Auditing and accounting firms
We retain each category of Personal Information for the duration of our relationship with you and thereafter based on the statute of limitations for possible claims and as otherwise needed for use in potential or ongoing litigation.  For example, we keep the information you provide us in connection with a contest entry for the duration of that contest period, and afterward to confirm your participation, the outcome of the contest, and any awards you receive in the event of any litigation arising out of that contest.
3. Categories and Sources of Personal Information Collected
3.1.
Categories of Personal Information Collected
. Some of the information we collect about you in connection with your use of the Properties may qualify as “
Personal Information
,” which is any information that itself identifies you or could reasonably be associated with you individually.  We may collect and use de-identified data, which is Personal Information that has been stripped of any identifying information.  We will not attempt to re-identify Personal Information once it has been de-identified.  We may use de-identified data for any lawful purpose.
3.2.
Personal Information
. We collect the following categories of Personal Information:
Personal identifiers
, such as your name, gender, date of birth, email address, telephone number, delivery address, and billing address
Commercial Information
, such as records of goods or services purchased or considered, as well as purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies
Internet or network activity information
, such as IP address, browser type and version; browser plug-in types and versions; operating system and platform; the URL clickstream to, through and from our Properties; products and/or content you viewed or searched for within our Properties; download errors; length of visits to certain pages and page interaction and, in the case of our mobile applications, the other applications you have downloaded and how you use those applications
Contests or Promotions
, such as information necessary for the administration of certain promotional events
Geolocation Information
, such as GPS and WiFi
3.3.
Sensitive Personal Information.
Certain information we collect may be considered Sensitive Personal Information under the laws of your state. We only collect Sensitive Personal Information when we have explicitly informed you of such collection at the time of collection.  Below are the categories of Sensitive Personal Information we collect:
Your Social Security Number, other government identification, payment information, log-in information and password when we need to validate winners of our sweepstakes and other promotions. We may also collect this information when it is needed to participate in our competitions or other events that we sponsor, and otherwise in connection with our legal obligations.
Your demographic information, such as race or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or other beliefs, medical or health information, precise geolocation information and biometric information when it is needed to participate in our competitions or other events that we sponsor. We may also use your demographic information and precise geolocation data for advertising purposes.
Your age to comply with laws that restrict activities and information collection and disclosure of data for minors.
3.4. Also, note that any information you post or disclose via message boards, chats, profile pages, blogs, and other services (including social media services) is publicly available. You should consider this when deciding to disclose any information.
3.5.
Sources of Personal Information
.
3.5.1.
From You
. We collect most Personal Information directly from you, including when you, among other things, use one of our Properties, create an account ("
Account
") with us, subscribe to a newsletter, purchase a game, product or service, participate in a contest or sweepstakes, respond to a customer survey, email us, post in a public forum, and/or use our chat/message functionality.
3.5.2.
From Your Device or Browser
. We also collect Personal Information automatically using various technologies, including "cookies," as explained further in Section 6 below.
3.5.3.
From Other Sources
. We also collect Personal Information from other sources, including:
Our affiliates
Publicly available sources, such as public forums and chats
Partners with whom we offer co-branded services or products, sell or distribute our products, or engage in joint marketing activities
Social media networks with which you interact, such as when you reference Red Bull or our Services, or grant us permission to access your data on one or more of these services.
Cookies on our Properties
When you contact us by telephone or through email, we may collect Personal Information in the form of audio recordings or electronic records, some of which may not be retained by us but by a third party
From you when participating in events, filming or winning prizes
We acquire the information collected from other sources to update or supplement the Personal Information you provided or we collected automatically. Note that this includes Personal Information from your social media account when you grant us access to your social media account in connection with, for example, creating an Account with us. If you have created an Account with us, it is your responsibility to ensure that you submit true, accurate and complete information via your Account and keep it up to date. Where permitted by law, we may combine this Personal Information we receive from other sources with Personal Information you give to us or that we collect about you and use it to draw inferences about you as a consumer.
4. How We Use Your Personal Information
We collect and use your Personal Information for the purposes of enabling you to use our Properties, fulfilling orders you place (such as for products, services or newsletters), sending you marketing materials and providing personalized content and experiences. We may also use the Personal Information we collect to: (i) administer our Properties, including troubleshooting technical issues; (ii) optimize or improve our products, services, operations and Properties; (iii) maintain the safety and security of our Properties; (iv) measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you; (v) communicate with you about your Account or transactions with us and send you information about features on our Properties or changes to our policies; (vi) provide you with advertising based on your activity on our Properties and on other sites and applications; (vii) make suggestions and recommendations to you and other users of our Properties about goods or services that may interest you or them; and (viii) detect, investigate and prevent activities that may violate our policies or be illegal. Unless we obtain your explicit consent, we do not use Sensitive Personal Information for purposes other than to provide the products and services that you have requested.
5. To Whom We Share Your Personal Information
5.1.
Our Affiliates
. We may share your Personal Information with our affiliates, including our parent company Red Bull GmbH. When we do this, we and Red Bull GmbH act as one business and “joint controllers” of your Personal Information, meaning that we determine the purposes and terms of data use together. Red Bull GmbH’s use of information is governed by its privacy policy at
https://policies.redbull.com/r/RedBull.com_INT/privacy/en
, which is substantially similar to this Policy.
5.2.
Service Providers
. To provide and support the Properties, we sometimes use external companies as service providers that work on our behalf to transmit, collect, process and/or store Personal Information for us. We require these service providers to treat the Personal Information we share with them as confidential and to use it only for the purpose of providing the services for which they have been engaged. These service providers fall into the following categories: billing and collection providers, auditing and accounting firms, analytics services, security and IT vendors, and professional services consultants.
5.3.
Third Party Ad Partners
. We share your IP address, Device ID and browser activity with select third party advertising partners to allow them to provide custom advertising to you.
5.4.
Other Third Parties
. We may also share your Personal Information with others: (i) when explicitly requested by you (for example, with social media networks); (ii) when required by a court order or any legal or regulatory requirement; (iii) in connection with the sale or transfer of all or a portion of our business or assets; (iv) to ensure compliance with, and enforce, our
Terms of Use
; (v) to ensure the safety and security of our users, consumers and others and (vi) to protect our rights and property and the rights and property of others.
6. Online Tracking, Analytics, Advertising and User Choice
6.1.
Tracking Technology Choices
6.1.1.
Cookies
. A “cookie” is a text file containing small amounts of information that a website can send to your browser, which may then be stored on your computer as a tag that distinguishes your computer but does not name you. Some of our Properties use cookies to better serve you when you return to the Property. You can set your browser to notify you before you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it. You can also set your browser to turn off cookies or you may opt out of our Properties using performance and marketing cookies by toggling off such use in our privacy preference center; however, if you do this, some of the features of our Properties may not work properly. You may also be able to reject certain cookies served through our Properties by opting out on the website of the third party placing the cookie, which you can identify through your browser. Please note, the selection(s) you make in our privacy preference center will only apply to the browser or device in which you made your selection. To opt out of the targeted advertising or sale or sharing related to your email address or Account with us, please see the Opt Out of Targeted Advertising or Sale or Sharing of Personal Information instructions in Section 10.1 below.
6.1.2.
Flash cookies
. We may also use local shared objects, sometimes known as “Flash cookies,” to store your preferences or display content based upon what you view on our site to personalize your visit. Our advertisers and service providers may also use Flash cookies to collect and store Personal Information. Flash cookies are different from browser cookies because of the amount of, type of and how data is stored. Cookie management tools provided by your browser will not remove Flash cookies. You can learn more about how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies by visiting the Flash Player Help website at
https://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager.html
. If you disable Flash cookies, you will not have access to many features that make your guest experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly.
6.1.3.
Web Beacons
.  Web beacons are small pieces of data that are embedded in images on the pages of websites. Web beacons may involve the transmission of Personal Information directly to us, to another party on our behalf or to another party in accordance with its privacy policy. We may use Web beacons to bring together Personal Information we collect about you. We may use tools provided by other companies to make the advertising we show you on our Properties and/or our partner websites more relevant and interesting to you. For this purpose, we use cookies, web beacons or similar technologies to collect information about your browsing behavior, and deliver Interest-Based Ads to you.
6.2.
Analytics and Interest-Based Advertising Choices
. We use or allow trusted third parties and service providers to use tracking technologies (for example, cookies, web beacons or similar technologies) to collect information about your browsing activities, which may include Personal Information, so that online advertisers can serve you advertising that better reflects your interests (“
Interest-Based Ads
”) and so we can better understand how people use our Properties. You may receive advertisements based on Personal Information obtained from your activities across websites not affiliated with us. You can learn more about ad serving companies and the options available to limit their collection and use of your Personal Information by visiting the websites for the Network Advertising Initiative at
https://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1
and you can opt out of receiving advertisements based on Personal Information obtained from your activities across websites not affiliated with us via the Digital Advertising Alliance at
https://optout.aboutads.info/?c=2&lang=EN
. You can learn about your options to opt out of mobile app tracking by certain advertising networks through your device settings and by resetting the advertiser ID on your Apple or Android device. Opting-out of advertising networks services does not mean that you will not receive advertising while using our Services or on other websites, nor will it prevent the receipt of Interest-Based Ads from third parties that do not participate in these programs. It will, however, exclude you from interest-based advertising conducted through participating networks, as provided by their policies and choice mechanisms. If you opt out, you may still see ads, but they will not be personalized based on your online activity. If you delete your cookies, you may also delete your opt out preferences.
6.3.
Promotional Communications
. As noted above, we and selected third parties with whom we share your Personal Information, may use your Personal Information for direct marketing purposes, including to provide updates, newsletters or other communications that we think may interest you. Where required by law, your prior consent will be obtained before we send direct marketing. In any event, we offer you the option to unsubscribe from electronic marketing materials. If you do not wish us to share your Personal Information with third parties for their marketing purposes, please contact us at our website at
https://www.redbull.com/us-en/energydrink/contact-privacy
.
7. Data Security and Retention
7.1. We apply reasonable security measures to protect Personal Information that is under our control from unauthorized or illegal access, use, disclosure, modification or destruction. We offer no guarantees or warranties related to such protection and are not responsible for any such unauthorized activity. We will notify you in compliance with applicable law regarding data breach. Where you have a password that enables you to access our Properties, you are responsible for keeping this password secure and confidential.
7.2. We retain Personal Information for as long as is reasonably necessary for the purposes described herein. The criteria used to determine the applicable retention period for your Personal Information includes the length of time we have an ongoing relationship with you and to provide services to you, and whether there is a legal obligation to which we are subject that requires us to retain your Personal Information.
8. Links to Other Websites
8.1. Where we provide links to other websites or services, we do so for information purposes only. The other websites and services are outside our control and are not covered by this Policy. If you access other websites or services using the links provided, the operators of these websites and services may collect information from you and use that information in accordance with their privacy policy, which may differ from ours. By accessing an external website or link from our Properties, you hereby release us from any and all liability for your use of such website or link.
8.2. On some pages of our Properties, third parties that provide content, services, applications or plug-ins may track your use of such content, services, applications and plug-ins, or they may customize such content, services, applications and plug-ins for you consistent with their privacy policies, which may differ from ours.
9. Use of Properties by Minors
The features, programs, promotions and other aspects of our Properties requiring the submission of Personal Information are not intended for children. We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the age of 13. If you are a parent or guardian of a child under the age of 13 and believe they have disclosed Personal Information to us please contact us at
https://www.redbull.com/us-en/energydrink/contact-privacy
. A parent or guardian of a child under the age of 13 may review and request the deletion of such child's Personal Information and prohibit the use of that information.
10. Additional State Privacy Rights
10.1. The laws in certain states provide residents of those states with rights to receive disclosures regarding the collection, use and sharing of Personal Information, as well as rights to know, access, correct, delete and/or opt out of certain disclosures of Personal Information. To the extent that we collect Personal Information that is subject to such laws, that information, our practices and your rights are described below. Note that certain information we collect may be exempt from such state laws because it is considered public information (because it is made available by a government entity) or covered by a federal privacy rule.
Right to Know Categories of Data Collected, Sold, Disclosed or Shared, and Purposes for Collection
You have the right to receive information regarding the categories of Personal Information we collect, sell, disclose or otherwise share. You also have the right to receive information regarding the sources of Personal Information we collect, the purposes for which we collected it and the third parties and service providers with whom we shared it as well as the retention period or criteria for determining retention of such data. That information is provided to you in Section 2 of this Policy.
Right to Access Personal Information
You have the right to request access to specific pieces of Personal Information collected about you. To protect our customers’ Personal Information, we are required to verify your identity before we can act on your request. Note that we may not be permitted to give you access to certain specific pieces of sensitive information (such as a driver license or social security number), or records that contain the personal information of a third party.
Right to Delete Personal Information
You have the right to request in certain circumstances that we delete any Personal Information that we or third parties on our behalf have collected directly from you. To protect our customers’ Personal Information, we are required to verify your identity before we can act on your request and maintain a record of your request, and in some cases, we are required or permitted by law to retain all or some of your Personal Information for specific purposes. If we do, we will explain that to you in our response.
Right to Correct Personal Information
You have the right to request in certain circumstances that we correct any inaccurate Personal Information that we have collected directly from you. To protect our customers’ Personal Information, we are required to verify your identity before we can act on your request.
Right to Information Regarding Participation in Data Sharing for Financial Incentives
We may run promotions from time to time whereby we incentivize a consumer to share certain pieces of information with us; for example, we may offer a one-time discount if consumers sign up for our email marketing list. The value of the data provided to us is based on the value of the discount provided to you. Participation in these incentives is voluntary and you may opt out of the data sharing at any time.
Right to Opt Out of Targeted Advertising or Sale or Sharing of Personal Information to Third Parties
To the extent we sell, as the term “sell” is defined under applicable law, or share your Personal Information for cross-contextual behavioral advertising, you have the right to opt out of that activity. You may exercise this right by both toggling off Do Not Sell or Share in our privacy preference center and contacting us through our website at
https://www.redbull.com/us-en/energydrink/contact-privacy
. Please note that under applicable law your right to opt out does not apply to our use of service providers, who are parties we engage to perform a function on our behalf and are contractually obligated to use any Personal Information we share only for that function. Additionally, certain browsers may allow you to opt out of the sale or sharing on all websites accessed through that browser. Where required by law, we will honor browser-based opt out settings and we treat those requests in the same manner that we treat requests submitted through our privacy preference center or website.
Right to Limit Use of Sensitive Personal Information
As we describe in Section 3.3, we collect and use Sensitive Personal information when that information is needed to verify sweepstakes winners, evaluate participants in our competitions, and otherwise as described to you at the time of collection.  We may also collect Sensitive Personal Information for advertising purposes.  You may have the right to limit our use of your Sensitive Personal Information to only what is strictly necessary for us to provide our services to you and for the limited purposes otherwise allowed by applicable law. You may exercise this right by contacting us through our website at
https://www.redbull.com/us-en/energydrink/contact-privacy
.
Right to Personal Information about Certain Third-Party Disclosures
You have the right to request information regarding third parties to whom the company has disclosed certain categories of Personal Information during the preceding year for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes.
10.2.
How to Exercise Your Rights
. You may submit a request to exercise your rights described above as follows:
By contacting us through our website at
https://www.redbull.com/us-en/energydrink/contact-privacy
; or
By calling us at +1 (855) 997-1970.
Applicable state law requires us to verify your identity before providing a substantive response to your request to exercise some of your rights described above. Generally, we will verify your identity by asking you to (a) provide us with your email to ensure your email is verified, and (b) confirm the right you wish to exercise under this Policy. In appropriate circumstances, we may ask you for additional information to verify your identity. Once your identity is verified, we will work to process your request in a timely manner in accordance with applicable law. If we cannot verify your identity, we may not be able to process your request.
You can designate an authorized agent to submit requests on your behalf. However, we will require written proof of the agent’s permission to do so, and we will need to verify your identity directly.
10.3.
Appeals
. You have the right to appeal decisions concerning your ability to exercise your consumer rights. Please contact us at
https://www.redbull.com/us-en/energydrink/contact-privacy
to request an appeal concerning decisions on your consumer request.
11. Updates
A notice will be posted on our Properties for 30 days whenever there are material changes to this Policy. By continuing to use our Properties you confirm your acceptance of the updated Policy.
12. Contact Us
If you have a question, concern or complaint about this Policy or our handling of your Personal Information, you can contact us through this website at
https://www.redbull.com/us-en/energydrink/contact-privacy
.