Privacy Policy
iTech Development Systems Inc. ("iTech Development Systems" or "we") respects the privacy of its users ("you") and has developed this privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") to demonstrate its commitment to protecting your privacy. During the course of our activities we will collect, store and process data about you. The use and share of your data by us and your choices about such processes are described in this Privacy Policy. Please read this document carefully before you use our website, software, applications, our official social media pages that we control, or other mobile interactive features (each our "Service", together our "Services"). We are based in USA where this Privacy Policy is developed.
​
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us by email:
support@itechdevelopmentsystems.com
**Data We May Collect and How We Use It
​
By agreeing to our Privacy Policy, we may collect, store, retain, parse and process:
​
"Personal Data" meaning information that identifies you as an individual, such as your name, user name, title, postal address (including billing and shipping addresses), telephone number (including home and mobile phone numbers), email address, ip address, company you work for and their address, credit and debit card number, avatar picture, gender, country of residence, signature, and
non-personally identifiable data ("Other Data"), meaning any information that does not reveal your specific identity, such as: browser and device information, license ID and type, operating system and uptime, app version and bundle ID, language used, server log file information, the name of your host or the domain name of the website that referred you to ours, app & SDK usage data, site data, demographic information, information collected through cookies, anonymous app usage data and other information provided by you.
​
iTech Development Systems SDKs & App(s)
At activation of the app as a technical requirement to run the service we collect the following Other Data:
​
Model and version of the device used
Device ID, name, model
License ID and type
Operating System version and uptime
App version and Bundle ID
Language used
​
PDF Reader Pro Edition app & website
Technical Support
For the purpose of providing support for our application and our web service we collect and store your email address as well as any additional information that is included in support requests. As a means to properly deal with incoming support requests, we may need to use the submitted information (email address) to contact you in order to gain further information, if necessary.
We may collect Personal Data and Other Data you provide us with or which we obtain from your device or activities by using our Services, e.g. through our website, subscribing to our mailing lists, contacting our customer service and other sources like social media platforms.
To optimize your experience while you are using our Services, we collect data by using cookies. We use Cookies to automatically collect certain Other Data such as the browser and device you are using, the hostname, the website that has referred you to us, language, settings, etc. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your browser or device. They are used in various ways, e.g. to analyze users' behavior on a website or for personalization reasons based on the user's preferences.
We may place links and plug-ins from plug-in providers such as Facebook, Google, YouTube, Twitter, LinkedIn, Apple Store, or certain media on our website. However, these services may use their own cookies or web beacons to collect information about users who interact with links to their websites.
If you visit our website, your browser connects directly with the servers of plug-in providers and the content of the plug-in may be directly generated and incorporated on our website by your browser. Therefore, plug-in providers may be enabled to track and connect your visit and activities on our website with your profile set on such plug-in provider's website. Any information about interactions such as comments or the use of "like-buttons" may be directly transmitted to the plug-in providers' websites and may be stored by the relevant plug-in provider. If you want to avoid such transmission and storage of your data, you may prevent this by logging out of your relevant profiles with plug-in providers before using the plug-in. For further information about the purpose and extent of data usage and processing by plug-in providers on our website, please find the relevant providers' privacy policies below:
www.facebook.com/policy.php
policies.google.com/privacy
www.twitter.com/privacy
www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
www.apple.com/legal/internet-services/itunes/nz/terms.html
We use all the above obtained data in order to customize and to improve our Services and to evaluate effectiveness of our content, advertising, programming or other activities.
How We Use Collected Data
We limit the collection of Personal Data and Other Data to the amount required to review, analyze, adapt and improve quality of our Services, products, advertising, customer support, fraud fighting, testing and calibration of our Services.
All Personal Data collected will only be processed by our employees to the extent needed except otherwise explained in this Privacy Policy. Personal Data will not be disclosed to third parties unless it is necessary for execution of your order.
​
We may process and disclose Personal Data in order to comply with any legal obligation, to enforce or apply any contract with you, to protect our legitimate business rights, property, or safety of our employees, customers, or others.
If you subscribe to one of our mailing lists, we will use your email address, name, title and certain Other Data, for providing you with news about our Services. We use this data to keep you up to date about our product development, about the launch of new products, about what we writing about on our blog as well as conferences we attend to, etc. You may unsubscribe from our mailing lists by clicking the unsubscribe button in each of our emails.
We will only use your data legally. If you believe that we are not using your data in a legal way or wish to inquire about your rights regarding your data you may do so by sending us an email at
support@itechdevelopmentsystems.com
​
Email
emails delivered to our email-addresses are stored on servers of Google, Inc., a US-based company. Google, Inc. has bound itself to comply with the Safe Harbor Principles and, therefore, has obliged itself to comply with data protection principles similar to those governing within the EEA. However, according to its own policies, Google, Inc. may store Personal Information on serves of companies or in countries, which do not guarantee for an adequate level of data protection. Based on this information, when sending a message to the e- mail address named above you consent to the disclosure of the Personal Information contained therein to Google, Inc.
​
Data Retention
We will store your data as long as it is required for our business purposes respectively as it is required by law e.g. for tax and accounting reasons.
Right to Information
iTech Development Systems Inc. is incorporated in the USA. You may request information about your data which is processed by us. Furthermore, you have the right to have your stored data corrected or deleted, if data is incorrect or has been processed contrary to the provisions of the Data Protection Act. Kindly note that we require proof of your identity before we may answer your request. Please send your request by email to
support@itechdevelopmentsystems.com
Data Protection
We will take appropriate security measures to ensure that your Personal Data will not be processed illegally, changed or deleted, duplicated, used by unauthorized third parties and will be prevented from accidental loss or damage. We will implement processes that guarantee the safety of your personal data from the time it is collected until the time it is deleted.
Use of Our Website by Minors
If you are 14 years old or even younger, we will need your parents/ legal guardian's consent before you submit data via our Services. It is not allowed to submit data without such consent. If we receive any such data, we will stop processing this data as soon as we are informed.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may change this Privacy Policy at any time. All changes will be published on this site. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when we publish the revised Privacy Policy on our website. Your use of our website following these changes means that you accept the revised Privacy Policy. Therefore, we ask you to review our Privacy Policy from time to time.
Data Subject Request
You may inquire as to your data subject rights, revoke your consent to this Privacy Policy as well as other rights such as the processing of your Personal Data in the future at any time by sending an email to
support@itechdevelopmentsystems.com