Privacy Policy
IGC Mobile s.r.o  PRIVACY POLICY FOR MOBILE APPLICATIONS
This privacy policy covers your use of each software application (“Application”) for mobile devices that was created by IGC Mobile s.r.o; published and available on the Google Play application store and Apple App Store.
Please read this privacy policy carefully as they govern your use of Application. If you do not agree with our privacy policy please do not use our Application.
IGC Mobile s.r.o is the data controller of your information, you may contact IGC Mobile s.r.o using the details below:
support@igcmobile.com
	IGC Mobile s.r.o
	Lyckovo namesti 508/7
	186 00 Praha 8 - Karlin
What information does the Application obtain and how it is used?
AUTOMATICALLY COLLECTED INFORMATION
The Application may collect certain information automatically:
the type of mobile device you use, screen size and language.
unique product installation ID
the IP address of your mobile device
your mobile operating system version
the type of mobile Internet browsers you use
the information about the way you use the Application. This information is impersonalized, does not contain any personal identifiable information such as name, phone, sex, age, etc.
optional Google Play Services Player ID and Alias (Android versions only)
The Application has no access to any contacts information, credit cards, passwords, browser history, etc.
Unique product installation ID is a random UUID which is used to identify particular Application installation and store Application-specific data such as game progress, scores or rating. You may reset this UUID by uninstalling the Application and installing it again or by clearing Application data. (Android versions only)
Google Play Services Player ID and Player Alias are stored and processed only if you have logged in to the Google Play Services. We bind your game progress information to this ID to be able to share it between your devices.
USER PROVIDED INFORMATION
The Application may collect the technical and device-specific data during the error report generation procedure to send it to the technical support team. In this case the generated report is sent by the user using his/her email account. This procedure is optional and performed under your control and explicit confirmation. The final e-mail containing the error report can be edited by you before submission.
CUSTOMER SUPPORT WEBSITE
A customer support portal collects and process only the information provided by you and the following technical information:
Your IP address, type and version of your browser
The web site may use session and persistent cookies
DOES THE APPLICATION COLLECT PRECISE REAL TIME LOCATION INFORMATION OF THE DEVICE?
This Application itself neither collects precise information about the location of your mobile device nor share it with any advertisement providers. A coarse location information may be deducted from your IP address. The Application uses this deduction to understand your location at country level.
ADVERTISEMENT
If your copy of application is used by you in advertisement sponsored mode, we use and can share some of collected data to the third parties such as Google Inc, Facebook Inc, Mopub, Inc. The shared data may include advertisement identifiers, online identifiers, including cookie identifiers, internet protocol addresses; client identifiers, device information (model, screen size). We do not share your real name, age, email address, precise location, etc.
You can find more specific details, data processing policy and actual list of collected data by visiting the following resources provided by advertisement platforms:
Google Admob
https://privacy.google.com/businesses/adsservices/
Facebook Audience Network
https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/dataprocessing
MoPub Privacy Policy
https://www.mopub.com/legal/privacy/
ANALYTICS
We use Firebase Analytics and Firebase Crashlytics services to understand the usage of Application to improve user experience. 
	The personal data which may be used for analytics purposes is automatically removed in 30 days. 
	The aggregated anonymised data may be stored longer.
SHARING
This Application uses external modules for advertisement and analytics purposes (such as Firebase Analytics, Google Ads, Facebook Audience Network, etc) and Google Play Services; their privacy policies are covered by separate documents provided by the corresponded service providers. These services are optional and can be turned off by the user.
You can share the results and achievements using any external application installed on the device, in this case the Application only transmits the results and brief description to the external program chosen by you to share data with.
RETENTION
The Application retains automatically collected information in log files for the period of 30 days.
The Application state information, device UUID and Google Player ID retained for the lifetime of the application. This information may be removed by your request.
THE RIGHT TO BE FORGOTTEN
If you’d like to remove all personal data from our system, please contact us using the data from Contacts section.
If you use Application in advertisement sponsored mode you may withdraw your consent in the application settings.
OLDER VERSIONS
The phone and device identification data was used by the Application directly in the older Application versions to create hashed device id. The Application should be actualized (updated) to the latest available version to comply the statements described in this document.
Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the Application?
Only aggregated, anonymized data is periodically transmitted to external services to help us improve the Application and our service. We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement.
WE MAY DISCLOSE AUTOMATICALLY COLLECTED INFORMATION
As required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process;
When we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our  rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;
If IGC Mobile s.r.o . is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets
CHILDREN
We do not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13.
SECURITY
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our Application. Please be aware that, although we endeavor provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
CHANGES
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. The latest policy version is always available at the Google Play product page and company website
YOUR CONSENT
By using the Application, you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us. "Processing” means using cookies on a computer/handheld device or using or touching information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information, all of which activities will take place in the European Union. If you reside outside the European Union your information will be transferred, processed and stored there under European Union privacy standards.