Bad Weasel Games – Privacy Policy
Bad Weasel Games
takes privacy seriously. We promise not to send you emails that you don’t want and we will not abuse your personal information. However, we recommend that you read our Privacy Policy. We’ve created a concise document to describe the use and disclosure of the information we collect and store on our servers. Bad Weasel Games (Bad Weasel, LLC) operates a cloud service called
Game Weasel™
that stores game scores and other information on our servers. For example, when you play a game and have opted in to the Game Weasel service, your scores are sent to our system and stored along with information about the particular game you played. The purpose of this information is to tabulate a leaderboard for the game you are playing so you can see how your scores compare to other players, to gather and combine your scores from all of your devices you use to play the game, and also to provide a backup for your scores in case the data gets deleted from your device. We also store information about In App Purchases you’ve made so that you can have access to these items at a later time or from another device. No matter where you are located around the world, your data will be stored in the United States.
Collection and Use of Information
We feel it is important to disclose the various ways that we might collect information, what information we collect, where it’s stored, and what we do with that information.
Facebook:
If you choose to integrate our apps with your Facebook account, your Facebook authorization is saved on your device so that we can quickly and seamlessly integrate the app with your facebook account each time you launch the app without having to repeat the authorization process. We do not store this authorization information on our servers or share it with anyone other than Facebook. From time to time you may be asked if you want to share scores or other game information on your facebook timeline or wall, but we will not spam your facebook account with random information that you nor your friends care about.
The Game Weasel Service:
Game Weasel has a simple one time opt-in registration method that allows you access to the service either by providing an email address, or through an automatic internal authorization process in your installed game. You also may optionally choose to provide additional personal information such as your name, a nickname, or a short status message. Game Weasel only collects and stores this information if you opt in to the service. The primary purpose of collecting your email address and a password is to allow you to manage your Game Weasel account. Some of the information we collect, such as your email address, may be used to keep you posted on new apps, updates, or promotions such as new free downloadable content. If you don’t wish to receive these kinds of emails you can opt out anytime by updating your preferences or by emailing
accounts@gameweasel.net
and explaining what you want. A human will read your email and resolve your issue within a timely manner.
Game Weasel is a high score system and in order to provide that intended service, we do collect various non-personal information which might include but is not limited to: game scores and statistics, time stamps, information about the type of device used to play the game, user settings and game preferences.
Game Center:
If you are signed up for Apple’s Game Center, some scoring information is also sent to that system and falls under Apple’s Privacy Policy and the Game Center Terms of Service.
In App Purchases:
When you purchase downloadable content we store information about your purchase along with a digital receipt and a time stamp.
Log Data:
Our servers automatically record log data created by your use of our services. Log data includes such information as your IP address, browser type, pages you’ve visited on our website, information about your device, and timestamp information. Log data is used primarily for statistical purposes, such as making sure that our servers are working properly and are not over loaded. Log data is not retained for more than 18 months.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
Scoring and Non-Personal Information:
The purpose of a leaderboard system is to share and compare your scores with other players. Therefore if you use the Game Weasel high score service your historical scoring data along with your nickname will be retained and some of this information will be available to the public on a leaderboard system. We consider this to be non-personal information. If you do not want this information to be recorded we encourage you to email us and ask to have your account deleted. Other non-personal information may be collated and converted into generic statistical information and shared or disclosed for business, marketing, or advertising reasons.
Compliance with the Law and Harm:
It is our policy to comply with the law. We may preserve or disclose your information if we believe that it is reasonably necessary in order to comply with a law, regulation or legal request, or to protect the safety of any person, to address fraud, security or technical issues, or to protect our rights or property.
Business Transfers:
In the event that Bad Weasel, LLC, one of it’s owners, subsidiaries or assets is involved in a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, reorganization or sale of assets, your information may be sold or transferred as part of that transaction. Our privacy policy about your information will transfer to the new entity.
Our Policy Towards Children:
We take the privacy and rights of children very seriously. We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from people under 13. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under the age of 13 we will immediately remove the information. If you have concerns or feel that we might have any personal information about a child please contact us at accounts@badweaselgames.com.
Game Weasel and Children:
The Game Weasel high score system takes additional precautions about minors and can function in a special ‘underage mode’ without the need for any personal information. In the event that parental controls are enabled on the device, or if an ‘underage flag’ can be obtained, or for certain games that are more geared towards children, Game Weasel goes in to this mode and will not attempt to collect any personal information.
Changes to this Policy
We may revise this Privacy Policy or our Terms of Service at any time. The most current version of the policy will govern our use of your information and will be available at
http://badweasel.com/privacy
. By continuing to access or use the Services after those changes become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy.
Game Weasel – Terms of Service
Bad Weasel, LLC is the operator and provider of the Game Weasel high score service which allows you to participate in leaderboards, track achievements and statistics, backup your game preferences and scoring information to our servers, and restore that information back to your device. The service hay not be available in all areas. Use of the service requires internet access and certain software which might be free or might be obtained with a fee. To access the service you may be required to update to the latest version of the software.
To use the service you must agree and comply with our usage rules:
You agree to provide accurate and complete information when you register with the service and as you use the service.
You may not create an account for any person other than yourself without that person’s permission.
The service can only be used for personal and non-commercial use.
Bad Weasel, LLC reserves the right to delete, freeze, ban or block any user account for any reason at any time and will do so when the usage rules are violated.
We also reserve the right to attempt to protect the integrity of the service and it’s data by: cleaning or removing bogus scores or other information; recognizing and tracking unauthorized use or attacks on the system; and taking other measures as necessary.
You agree not to attempt or assist another person to reverse-engineer, violate, circumvent, decompile, disassemble, tamper with, or interfere or disrupt the service, or use any tool to monitor the data traffic, the server, or the software, or access the service through any unauthorized or automated means.
You agree not to use the service to engage in any illegal activity including copyright infringement or any other intellectual property infringement, or to collect or store any personal information an another user of the service.
You agree not to cheat or attempt to cheat by any means including but not limited to communicating with the service using an unauthorized method; inserting any bogus information to the data transmission; modifying scoring information stored on your device; or pretending to be another user. Bad Weasel, LLC reserves the right to gather and store information about users who attempt to cheat and to take appropriate actions to remove bogus information and to block cheaters.
You agree not to use the service to post, transmit, store, or make available any content that is harassing, unlawful, threatening, abusive, obscene, vulgar, hateful, racially, ethnically, or religiously offensive, political in nature, or otherwise objectionable. This includes the content of your nickname. Bad Weasel, LLC can at it’s discretion delete any content, including any user’s nickname.