This is to inform that by clicking on the hyperlink, you will be
              leaving
sc.com/sg
and entering a website operated by other parties.
Such links are only provided on our website for the convenience of
              the Client and Standard Chartered Bank does not control or endorse
              such websites, and is not responsible for their contents.
The use of such website is also subject to the terms of use and
              other terms and guidelines, if any, contained within each such
              website. In the event that any of the terms contained herein
              conflict with the terms of use or other terms and guidelines
              contained within any such website, then the terms of use and other
              terms and guidelines for such website shall prevail.
Thank you for visiting
www.sc.com/sg
Proceed
How can we help you today?
Open an Account
Apply for a Credit Card
Take up a Loan
Grow my Wealth
Sign-up for Insurance
What kind of loan are you looking for?
CashOne Personal Loan
Debt Consolidation Plan
Credit Card Funds Transfer
Privacy Notice
Banking
Visitors and Others
Recruitment
Vendors
BACK TO TOP
You are now leaving the Standard Chartered Bank (Singapore) Limited (“SCBSL”) website to access a third party website (“Third Party Website”).
SCBSL shall not be liable for the handling of any information you may provide on the Third Party Website, or for any loss incurred in connection with your access to or use of the Third Party Website. SCBSL makes no warranties, representations or undertakings about the Third Party Website.
Proceed
Hello, I'm SC Chat
To enhance your experience, we use cookies and similar technologies. This enables us to optimise site functionality and to personalise your visit by remembering your choices, and by providing tailored ads in our own and third parties' online media. By continuing your visit on this website, you accept the use of cookies and similar technologies. For more details and information on how to manage your cookie settings, please read our
Cookie Policy.
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
To create the best and most relevant experience for you, these cookies help us analyse and understand what areas need to be improved and refined.
Always Active
Your security and privacy are our top priority, that’s why these cookies are always on to ensure the safest and smoothest online experience.
Always Active
To make sure we only send what’s most relevant to your needs, these cookies help us and our partners understand what matters most to you. The data collected can be shared with third parties, such as advertisers or platforms, to create an ecosystem that is always relevant to you.
Always Active
For your ease of use and convenience, these cookies remember the choices you made (e.g. language and region) and personalise our website to make it most relevant for you.
Back Button
Performance Cookies
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
Switch Label
label
Switch Label
label
Switch Label
label
Your Privacy [`dialog closed`]