Classic Hits at Work with Trina Mara
Listen Now
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the way Ireland's Classic Hits manages your personal information.
This policy applies to the Ireland's Classic Hits’s website and social media platform only. This Privacy Policy describes the types of personal information that we process, intentionally or otherwise, how we process it, the purpose of processing your personal information, what we use it for, who we share it with and how long we retain it.
Ireland's Classic Hits’s treatment of your personal information is governed by;
The Irish Data Protection Acts 1988 to 2018,
EU General Data Protection Regulation 2016
EU Privacy and Electronic Communications and Regulations 2003
plus a lot of respect and some common sense from the team at Classic Hits
What Information Do We Collect from listeners
During the course of our broadcasting you may send in your comments to us via text, social media, or email. This information you provide voluntarily when our DJs may prompt it or we have a competition running.
The kind of information you will provide will, normally, be limited to your own personal identity and contact details, or enough information that some people would be able to identify you, and ancillary information such as
your personal preferences or opinions (i.e. favourite or least movie, musician, books or your opinion on current events in the news) hobbies, occupation and interests.
Certain information you provide to us voluntarily we would never reveal on air or to any third parties, such as your personal contact details – telephone number or email. We may however make known on air your social media handle, your first name, where you are from, what your occupation is, or your current location that you voluntarily give us but only where it is relevant. You may also provide on air some more sensitive personal information if you so choose.
The lawful basis for this processing of your personal information is covered by a broad exemption under the category of ‘journalism’ under the Irish Data Protection Acts 1988 to 2018. However even though this exemption exists Classic Hits will still treat your personal data of our listeners with the utmost respect and securely and would never use sell or rent it to any third parties.
When submitting personal data to use via text, email or our social media for the purpose of entering a competition sponsored by a third party (i.e. one of our commercial advertisers or partners) the lawful basis for this processing will be on consent.
You also may voluntarily sign up for our newsletter via the website. The only information you can provide this way is your name and your email address. We will only use this information for the purpose of sending you the Stations newsletter.
You have a right to make a request for a copy of the information we may have stored about you and you can also ask us to correct any erroneous information we may hold about you or the erasure of any personal information we have. To do this just send us a email to
kevin.branigan@classichits.ie
and we will respond to your request not later than one month.
We do not collect any personal information from any child that is under sixteen years of age.
The other type of personal information that we collect is non-identifiable personal information or aggregated information when you visit our website. When you visit our website  the following information is retained about that visit:
the IP address of the visitor’s web server;
the top-level domain name used (for example .ie, .com, .org, .net);
the previous website address from which the visitor reached us, including any search terms used;
Google analytics which shows the traffic of visitors around this web site (for example pages accessed and documents downloaded);
the type of web browser and operating system used by the website visitor.
Ireland's Classic Hits will make no attempt to identify individual visitors, or to associate the technical details listed above with any individual. It is our policy to never disclose such technical information in respect of individual website visitors to any third party (apart from our internet service provider, which records such data on our behalf and which is bound by confidentiality provisions in this regard), unless obliged to disclose such information by law. The technical information will be used only by Ireland's Classic Hits, and only for statistical and other administrative purposes.
Why We Collect Personal Information
We collect personal information so that you can;
Comment on our radio programming be it related to the music, our on air discussions or your own miscellaneous personal information you have decided to share with us.
Enter competitions so as to select entrants and determine winners
Participate in our social media and website activities (such as submitting and/or recording videos, participating in blogs and posting comments and opinions);
Receive any newsletters or special offers when you opt-in to receive such information or offers.
We may use non-personally identifiable aggregate information to help us improve our website and tailor it to the types of visitors we get by assessing general usage patterns and demographic information.
We will only keep your information for the length of time that is necessary and only for the purpose you submit to us for (for instance, so long as necessary to administer the contest in a reasonable fashion). We are also bound by law in relation to the retention of records so for example if you won a high value prize in a completion we may be required to retain your personal information for Revenue inspection purposes.
What We Do With the Information We Collect
Any personal information you provide will be kept confidential and only used for the specific purposes it was collected for. We will not disclose or sell your personal information to any third party unless required by law or with your express consent. We may share this information with third parties who need such personal information to provide services on behalf of Radio Station.
However, these third parties are required to maintain the confidentiality of such personal information and are prohibited from using the personal information for any other purpose. For instance, by participating and entering contests, submitting videos and participating in discussion boards, you will have consented to the sharing of your personal information with co-sponsors of any contest or with any sponsor or third party participant providing services on our behalf on any discussion boards.
Your consent to our use of personal information can be withdrawn at any time. We will not keep your personal information longer than what is reasonably required for the original purpose it was collected for.
Links to other sites
Please note that although we may provide links to other sites, Ireland's Classic Hits is in no way responsible for the privacy practices of these sites.
Security
Ireland's Classic Hits ensures that we have appropriate technical  and managerial measures in place to protect your privacy and keep your information secure.
Further information and appeal process
If you would like to exercise any of your rights under the Irish Data Protection Acts 1988 to 2018 please contact our Data Protection Officer
kevin.branigan@classichits.ie
If you wish to lodge a complaint in relation to our use of your personal information contact the Office of the Data Protection Commissioner at Locall 1890 252 231
Copyright © 2025 All Rights Reserved
Proudly Designed by Wikid
music
search
close
map-marker
phone
twitter
facebook
bars
envelope
instagram
cross
chevron-down