Privacy Policy
Data Collection
At the time you (a) login to the Application (“Software”) for using the services, products and materials made available to you using the Software (“Service”), (b) make any payments related to your use of the Service, (c) update the Software, (d) share any information through the Software and/or (e) contact us through our help and support channels, we may ask you for your personal data (such as your name,email address, or data that can be used to identify or contact you (“Personal Data”). By registering to the Service and/or using the Software / Content, you hereby agree to be bound by the Terms of Use and the terms in this privacy notice (“Privacy Notice”) We also may automatically receive and track certain data about your mobile device (such as your device-type, time-zone, version of the operating system or Software currently installed, and language preference) or your activity logs from the use of the Service, Software and Content, and we may create a unique device ID for you so we can recognize you. We may collect such non-identifiable information for gathering data on what parts of the Service / Software are of most interest to Users. In some cases, we can automatically detect your location data, but we will not use it unless you give us permission to do so. If you connect with any social networking site (“SNS”), we may also receive some data from that network (e.g. your SNS ID, name, profile picture, gender, age, locale and email address), which shall be deemed to be included within the meaning of your Personal Data. You are not required to provide the Personal Data. However, you agree that in that case we may not be able to provide you with our products or services or respond to any queries you may have.
Use of Personal Data
We may use your Personal Data in accordance with the corresponding Terms of Use, and more particularly for the following purposes: a. to identify you from time to time, as required, and to validate your use of the Services, b. to provide you with the Services and the display of customized content, and targeted advertising on our apps and on other apps/websites that we advertise through, c. to communicate with the Software and Services and for resolving customer service issues, d. to determine when you link from our app / Software to one of our partner apps, so that we can monitor the level of traffic that we generate for our partner apps, e. to ensure the technical functioning of all our products and services, f. to protect the Software’s copyright, g. to enforce our Terms of Use, h. to comply with laws, requests from a government bodies or courts, or to respond to litigation, i. to enable us to use a third party to perform surveys measuring your experiences and use of our services, j. to conduct internal auditing, data analysis, and research to improve our products and services. k. to share your Personal Data with our affiliates and group companies for any of the foregoing purposes, which affiliates may also combine your Personal Data with other information in this regard. We may also encrypt and/or aggregate your data with other users’ data in order to create statistics about the general use of the Software and related websites, which helps us to develop new products and services. You understand that we may also share this aggregated data with our business partners and third party advertisers. Nothing anything else in this Privacy Notice, you understand that in order to comply with the applicable laws and contractual requirements, the Application may be required to access your location data in order to ensure that your access to the Service is within a particular geographical territory. You hereby consent to such access by the Application for the foregoing purposes.
You sharing data with third parties
Third parties (such as companies who advertise through our apps) may require you to provide your personal data in order to access their products, advertisements and offers. If you visit or register for a third party product, advertisement or offer, we may pass some data about your device to that third party (e.g. your tag history and country of registration) so that they can send you offers. However, we will not pass your email address or other contact details to these third parties without your permission. Any third parties’ use of your personal data is governed by their own privacy policy (which should be accessible from their website or application). If you do not want third parties to be able to access or use your personal data, you should not register for, click on or use the applicable third party application or product.
Sharing with social networks
If you register to or use the Service using an SNS account, you allow the Application to automatically share your activity, usage and activity-related stories with the Service, Software and Content. You understand that the Application may post such information on your SNS profile/account. The Application may also publish such information any other integrated or associated services of the Application. For the purpose of identification, authentication and ease of access, the Application may store your username and an access token or similar credentials obtained from such SNS/third party service.
The Application sharing data with third parties
The Application may provide your Personal Data or any portion of it to the Application' strategic partners that work with the Application to provide products and services, or that help the Application market its products and services to customers. Your Personal Data will only be shared by the Application to provide or improve our products, services and advertising and not for marketing purposes of such third parties. You further acknowledge that the Application may be required under law, legal process, litigation, and/or requests from public and governmental authorities to disclose your Personal Data.
Links to other websites
We may display links to third party websites. Please note that we cannot control and cannot be held responsible for the activities of such websites. You should always read the privacy policy of a website to find out more about how personal data is collected and processed.
Use of Cookies
The Application uses cookies and beacons to assist in delivering the service and to provide a positive and personalized user experience. Cookies are files sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer's hard drive. Our persistent and session ID Cookies are used to identify unique visitors and to provide a personalized user experience. Beacons are bits of code that function similar to cookies. Our beacons are embedded in outgoing emails and generate a call back to the Application server when such emails are opened.
Choice
The Software/Service may allow you to choose the manner of and the extent to which you wish to disclose the Personal Data. You may also be allowed to disable some of the features that require sharing of Personal Data.
Security of Information
The Application makes use of sound practices to ensure that customer information is not misused or accessed without authority. Steps shall be undertaken by the Application to ensure that customer information is not altered or destroyed to the detriment of its clients. The Application shall not be held liable for loss of data or any unauthorized access to the client information stored by us. Once the app is uninstalled, all the data is cleaned up.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
We might make suitable amendments to its Privacy Policy. It is expected that users of our web pages or our clients read our Privacy Policy regularly to make themselves aware of any amendments made to our Privacy Policy. The Application shall not be liable for any delay in the in publication of the amended Privacy Policy.
Other Relevant Privacy Policies
Some of our third party advertising partners ask us to make you aware of their privacy policies. These policies are available by following the links below:
Google
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
datenschutz@spicyapps.com
Last Edited on 2018-25-05