Privacy Statement
This privacy statement outlines the type of data collected by shannonside.ie /northernsound.ie and how it used.
By using shannonside.ie /northernsound.ie you are accepting the terms of this privacy statement. Any external websites that may be accessed throughshannonside.ie /northernsound.ie are subject to their own privacy statements and are not the responsibility of Shannonside / Northern Sound.
By using shannonside.ie /northernsound.ie, you consent to the collection, storage and processing of the data we collect outlined in this statement. Any changes to this notice will be posted here and your continued use of shannonside.ie /northernsound.ie will be subject to the then-current policy.
Information we collect and where it comes from
When you visit shannonside.ie /northernsound.ie, there are two types of information that we may collect on you, personal and non-personal.
Personal
A user may need to submit personal data on shannonside.ie /northernsound.ie for the following purpose;
General Enquiries through our contact form
Non-Personal
If you're just browsing our website, we collect the same basic non-personal information that most websites collect. We use common internet technologies, such as cookies, server logs and Google Analytics. This is stuff we collect from everybody. This is collected anonymously and helps us deliver a better experience on shannonside.ie /northernsound.ie
Use of Information
Shannonside / Northern Sound collects personal data submitted through shannonside.ie /northernsound.ie contact forms to respond to enquiries and track further correspondence. Personal information collected from these general enquires is not used for any other purpose.
Cookies
This website uses “cookie” technology. We may update our Cookie Policy to reflect any changes in technology or legislation which may affect the way in which cookies are used by us and how you as a user, can manage them.
The information generated by the cookie relates to information about your use of our website. It will record the number of user sessions on the site and track the number of users who return to the site. By using shannonside.ie /northernsound.ie, you consent to our use of cookies. You are always free to decline our cookies (if your browser permits), or to ask your browser to indicate when a cookie is being sent. You can also delete cookie files from your computer at your discretion.
When you visit a page with content embedded from a third party, for example, Youtube, Facebook or other social media widgets, these service providers may use their own cookies.
We do not control the use of these cookies and cannot access them as they can only be accessed by the party who originally sent them. You should check the third party websites for more information about these cookies.
Please note that if you decline our cookies or ask for notification each time a cookie is being sent, this may affect your ease of use of this website.
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics which is an analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). The information stored in the cookie is transmitted and stored by Google on their servers and then used to evaluate visitors’ use of our website and to compile statistical reports on website activity for us. You can find out more information about Google Analytics here
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
Updating and requesting your personal data
At any time, you have the right to request access to, rectification of and / or erasure of any personal data we hold about you. You can make any such requests to our Privacy Officer in writing or by emailing
info@shannonside.ie
If you have not provided us with any personal information, we will not be able to provide you with any information you request
How long we hold your data for
Your personal data provided to us is stored for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes for which it was collected. Any data that is no longer necessary due to being out of date or inaccurate will be deleted.
Security
We take reasonable technical, physical and administrative measures to ensure any personal data provided to us is secure to prevent any unauthorised access, theft and loss.
In the event of a personal data breach, Shannonside / Northern Sound will take all steps necessary and comply with any
We do not share, sell, rent, or trade User Personal Information with third parties for their commercial purposes.
Complaints
Any complaints on the use & retetion of data can be emailed to info@shannonside.ie
Shannonside App
To access certain features of the Shannonside app, users are required to create an account with personal information to sign in. This information is collected and processed by our app developer Harpoon Connect. Privacy Policy regarding our app can be found here:
http://harpoonconnect.com/privacy/