Moco
Remember me
Forgot User Name?
Forgot Password?
You must enable JavaScript in your broswer to use Moco!
Privacy Policy
Updated as of May 9, 2023
MocoSpace, the Moco app, mocospace.com ("MocoSpace", "Moco", the "Service") is a mobile and online social networking service, which is owned and operated by JNJ Mobile, Inc. ("MocoSpace", "Moco", "we" or "us").
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or our practices, or your dealings with the Service, please contact us at: support@corp.mocospace.com, write to JNJ Mobile Inc., 6 Liberty Sq PMB 96493, Boston MA 02109, call 1-877-323-4815 or
contact us here
.
By downloading or using Moco you agree to this Privacy Policy and our
Terms of Service
.
When you create a profile on Moco, your information will be visible to other Moco users.
If you are under the age of 18, you may not download or use Moco. We do not knowingly collect or maintain information on anyone under the age of 18.
I. What This Privacy Policy Covers
This Privacy Policy describes how Moco and our other mobile applications, websites and products collect, store, use, and share your information. It also describes how you can control and protect your privacy on our Service.
This Privacy Policy does
not
apply to the practices of companies that we do not own or control, such as companies that advertise on our Service. For example, companies that advertise on our Service may tag your device or computer with cookies or beacons. Our partners may place or recognize a cookie on your computer, device, or directly in our emails/communications. We do not control these third party cookies and beacons and their privacy policies may differ from ours.
II. Controlling and Protecting Your Privacy
1.
Personal Safety.
After getting to know someone online, you may choose to meet him or her in-person. If so, be careful and use common sense. Never meet someone in private for the first time; choose a public place, and take a friend. For more information about staying safe, please visit
Wiredsafety.org
, a public service website.
2.
Privacy and Do Not Sell My Personal Information Settings.
You can change your
Privacy and Do Not Sell My Information settings
at any time. You should review these settings regularly.
3.
Deleting Your Account.
You can edit or delete information that you upload to Moco and you can delete your account at any time. When you delete your account all of your information will be promptly removed from our servers.
4.
Deleting Your Information and Content.
You can request us to delete your posted information and content. To do so, send an email to support@corp.mocospace.com from the email address associated with your account or
contact us here
, requesting deletion.
5.
Location Information.
In addition to other information described in this policy, we may collect and share location information with select advertising networks and partners, which helps cover the costs of developing and maintaining this app and related services thereof. This information may be used by itself, aggregated, or combined with mobile identifiers, and may be shared with other parties, for purposes related to advertising, attribution (e.g., measuring ad performance), analytics and research. We will never disclose your exact location to other members. Location is collected when the app is in use.
You can withdraw your consent to having your location data collected by changing the settings on your device (note that certain services may lose functionality as a result). You can also activate your
device's opt-out settings
which will: (i) tell advertisers to not use your in-app information from that device for purposes of collecting and serving interest-based advertising and (ii) halt further data collection and sharing from that device.
6.
Password.
Store your password in a safe place, and do not share it with anyone. If you think someone has your password, you should change it immediately.
7.
Posting Information.
Posting personal information on public areas of Moco will make it publicly available. The information you post or share with others may in turn be shared by them with still other users and it may also show up when someone uses a public search engine (even if that person is not a Moco user).
Do not post information in public areas of Moco that you want to keep private.
8.
Ephemeral Photos.
An ephemeral photo is one that disappears after the recipient looks at it. Our practice is to delete such photos once they are viewed, and after three days if they are not viewed. We cannot guarantee, however, that we will successfully delete every photo, or do so within a particular time frame. Also the recipient can preserve a photo before it disappears by taking a screen shot, for example. Don't share an ephemeral photo unless you are comfortable that it may be saved and shared by the recipient.
9.
Third Parties.
We are not responsible for (and don't have any control over) the privacy policies of third party websites, apps and ad servers. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of each and every website and app you visit.
9.1. YouTube. By viewing and/or using the YouTube video functionality available on the Moco Properties you agree to be bound by the
YouTube Terms of Service
and the
Google Privacy Policy
.
10.
Opting Out of Receiving Cookies.
You may set your browser to block some or all
cookies
. However, Moco might not fully function if you disable cookies. If you use multiple devices, browsers or computers, you will need to opt out of receiving cookies on each one. Also, if you change devices or computers you will need to repeat this opt-out process. You may also be able to opt-out of receiving cookies from
some advertisers
.
11.
Limit Mobile Ad Tracking.
You may set your mobile device to limit ad tracking, in which case we will not be able to see your AdID or IDFA. However, we will still share other personal information to our advertising partners as described in this Privacy Policy.
12.
Do Not Track Signals.
Some Internet browsers and mobile devices include the option to transmit "Do Not Track" or "Limit Ad Tracking quot; signals, but there are no uniform standards for this. If we detect these signals we will not share your personal account data, including device identifiers, IP address and location, with our 3rd party advertising, analytics and other partners, which they may use to personalize advertising or other content you see.
III. Information We Collect
We collect different types of personal information about you and your activities. We collect personal information when you register, log into, and use our Service, including the features you use, the pages and screens you visit, and the information you enter, such as chats or demographic information that you share in your profile on our Service. The specific examples in the following bullets are not meant to be exhaustive.
Email Address And Phone Number.
We may require a valid email address and/or phone number to register for our Service. These will be stored in our servers while you have an account with any of our Services. We may use these to contact you, but you may opt out of email and/or text messaging contact by following the Unsubscribe instructions sent in these messages.
Profile Information You Provide.
We collect the personal information that you provide to create your profile on our Service, including any metadata (such as location where a photo you upload was taken).
Automatically Collected Device Information.
We receive and record information from your device or browser, including your mobile device identification (AdID (Google), IDFA (Apple), device ID, etc.), IP address, cookie and beacon information, and geographic location. We collect information from and about the computers, phones, and other web-connected devices you use that integrate with our Services, and we combine this information across different devices you use. Unless you have disabled location collection at the device level, we will continue to collect location information even if you have opted out of sharing location information on your profile.
Activity and Usage Information Including Your Content.
We collect information about the features you use, the pages and screens you visit, and your transactions with us and with our partners and vendors, including information about your use of products or features offered through our Service. We and certain third-party partners may access your private chats and postings in order to improve your experience on our Service, for content moderation, for safety and legal process purposes.
Third Party Platform Registration (such as Facebook, Apple App Store or Google Play Store).
When you download or register for our Service by or through a third party platform we may also access and/or collect certain information from your third party platform account or by cookies placed on your device by such third party site. For example, if you create your account on our Service using Facebook, we may use the following information from Facebook to establish your account: your email address, hometown, gender, profile photo, date of birth, friends list and userID. In addition, in the course of providing our Service on third party platforms, such as the Apple App Store or the Google Play Store, the platforms may collect information about you or receive information from us in order for that platform to provide and analyze their services. Please note that these platforms are developed and administered by people or companies not affiliated with us or any of our Services and that we are not responsible for the actions of those people or companies. You should carefully review the terms of service and privacy policies of the platforms that you use to access our Service.
Advertisers.
Advertising revenue helps us to support and improve our Services. Third party advertising companies may collect information using cookies, AdID, IDFA and other sources. Advertisers may use these and other sources in connection with our Service in order to collect and use data regarding advertisement performance and your interests for the purpose of delivering relevant advertising.
We may also collect information about you from other sources, such as other services and other users of our Service.
IV. How We Use and Disclose the Information We Collect
We process personal information: (i) to execute transactions that you request, (ii) when you provide your explicit consent, (iii) for our legitimate business interests such as maintaining our books and records, securing and protecting the integrity of our Service, and for Service development; and (iv) to meet applicable legal requirements.
Specifically, we use and disclose your information in the following ways:
To customize your experience
on our Service, including suggestions about features you may enjoy or people you may want to meet.
To provide customer service
in response to questions or concerns you may bring to our attention.
For marketing purposes.
We share information with companies we do not own, including information collected from cookies, such as your location, IP address, AdID or IDFA and certain demographic information, in order to allow our marketing partners to optimize our ad campaigns.
For advertising purposes.
We share information with companies we do not own, including information collected from cookies and across the devices used to access the Service, such as your location, IP address, AdID or IDFA and certain demographic information (such as age, gender, parental status, relationship status, religion, education, and ethnicity), in order to allow these companies to deliver relevant ads.
For research.
To conduct research, including the numbers and types of visitors, and analyze traffic on our Service. We share some user data with companies we do not own to conduct this research.
For development and testing.
To develop and test new products and features, and improve our current ones, including by conducting surveys of our users, which might be conducted with or by companies we do not own.
Bug fixes and product improvement.
To find and fix technology problems. We send data to companies we do not own in order to analyze bugs in our websites and apps so that we can keep them running smoothly.
Policy enforcement.
To enforce our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. We send data to companies we do not own for the following reasons:
to verify accounts and activity;
combat harmful conduct, such as abusive behavior and other violations of our Terms of Service;
detect and prevent spam;
detect and prevent fraud;
maintain the integrity of our Service; and
promote safety and security on our Service, such as monitoring for illegal activity and reporting to the appropriate authorities.
Contacting you.
To contact you by email, text messaging, phone, autodialer or otherwise, including to invite you to participate in surveys and contests, and provide you updates and information about the Service and our other products and services. You can opt out of receiving promotional email, text messages or push notifications at any time in the Settings tab.
Cookies and mobile ad identification.
We may set and access cookies or use AdID or IDFA information on your device or computer to customize your experience. These files help us with the following:
Authentication:
Cookies are used to keep you logged into our site as you navigate through different pages.
Analytics and performance:
We use cookies to analyze platform performance and monitor how our visitors use the site. These help us to identify and fix bugs, understand and improve our services, and research and test new features.
Advertising:
We use cookies and your AdID and IDFA to deliver relevant. Our ad partners use cookies to deliver relevant ads and monitor how you interacted with an ad.
Cooperation with law enforcement.
We cooperate with government and law enforcement officials to enforce and comply with the law. We report threats of violence or self-harm and other illegal activities proactively, and we may disclose information about you to government or law enforcement officials in order to: (1) protect the safety and security of our users and members of the public or (2) satisfy subpoenas, court orders, or other governmental requests.
Business transfers.
We may share your personal information with another business entity in connection with a proposed or actual sale, assignment, merger or transfer of all or part of our business or the acquisition of all or part of another business. In such cases, we would require any such business entity to honor the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Management of our company.
We will process your information as needed to maintain our financial books and records, engage in sales of goods and services to members and advertisers, ensure the integrity and security of our systems and resources, operate our work environment, and respond to any potential compromise of anyone's personal information.
Service providers.
We transfer information to vendors, service providers, and other partners who support our business, such as providing technical infrastructure services, analyzing how our services are used, measuring the effectiveness of ads and services, providing customer service, facilitating payments, or conducting research and surveys. These partners agree to adhere to confidentiality obligations consistent with this Privacy Policy and the agreements we enter into with them.
Advertisers.
We may share information with third parties for the purposes of delivering relevant, personalized advertisements or content on our Service and on the websites or applications of third parties. To achieve this purpose, our partners may use the shared information (i) to evaluate the nature of the connection across your devices, browsers, or applications; (ii) to assess the suitability of your desktop or mobile device for interest- or demographic-based content; (iii) to provide information and inferences about user interests to third parties; and (iv) to develop insights and reports relating to the presentation of customized advertisements or content, including statistical reports in connection with activity on a website, optimization of ad placement and performance, development of reach and frequency metrics, billing activities, and tracking ads served on a particular day to a particular account. Our partners may also combine shared information with additional non-identifying information collected from other sources to enhance these activities.
When you use our website, we may allow third parties to use a tag (or often called a pixel) to access your browser for the purposes of setting cookies and/or other similar technologies and to collect personal data, including your hashed email address, cookies data, IP address, and/or information about your browser or operating system. Our third-party partners may use, sell, and share the personal data collected from you for online targeted and cross-context behavioral advertising, identity resolution, cross-channel advertising (e.g., TV, Mobile, other web-connected devices), and other online and offline marketing-related purposes. They may also allow their partners access to your browser for similar purposes (e.g., via cookie syncs). Personal data collected may be stored for as long as necessary to enable these purposes unless limited by browser settings or by opting out. You may opt out of this use of your email address and associated personal data by our partners by entering the email address used for this website via the
DAA email opt-out page
. Further, you may opt-out of cookies set by our partners via the
DAA cookie opt-out page
.
Personal Information.
Except for "Cooperation with Law Enforcement," "Business Transfers" and "Service Providers" (all described above), in connection with account verification (and then only for that purpose), or to enforce our rights under this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service, we do not share the following personal information with any third party not owned by JNJ Mobile, Inc. for any reason: your first name, your last name, your address, your phone number(s), or your email address.
V. What are 'cookies' and what 'cookies' does Moco use?
We collect information by placing cookies on your computer or mobile device. A cookie is a piece of text stored on your computer or mobile device by your web browser. They are basically a tool that stores information about website visits, recognizes you and your preferences each time you visit Moco, and ensures site functionality and enables us to provide the services our members request.
When you visit the publicly available sections of Moco, a session ID cookie is placed on your computer or mobile device that only lasts while you're visiting. We also place persistent cookies on members' computers and mobile devices, so that Moco remembers them and makes their login experience faster and easier.
You may set your browser and your mobile settings to block cookies, but if you do so, you may not be able to access the features that Moco offers.
Moco's use of cookies falls into the following categories:
those that are strictly necessary to deliver the services and products you have requested;
cookies related to the performance of Moco's site, such as analytics that help us determine how our site is performing and ensuring a smooth and trouble free experience for our members and visitors;
cookies related to the functionality of Moco's site, such as remembering your preferences at log in or your preferred language;
third party cookies which link to other social networks and which you request via social plugins; and
cookies used to improve and target advertising to you based on what's relevant to you and to improve reporting on advertising campaigns.
Moco uses cookies so that we know who you are and what interests you, so that you can do the things online that you want to do, like chat with new people and share your content, knowing that your data will be secure. Below is a table explaining Moco's cookie functions and why they're used.
Cookie Functions
Cookie Purposes
Authentication
These cookies help us to identify our members so that when you're logged in, you can enjoy Moco's various features, such as uploading photos and chatting, and can localize your experience, such as when you've requested to view Moco's site in your local language or when you've asked Moco to 'remember me'.
Analytics and research
Moco uses Google Analytics to collect information about how visitors use the Moco site and app. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited. For more information about Google's privacy policy, please visit
http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/
Site features and services
We also use cookies to provide links to other social media sites, social plugins and video content, including making it easier for you to share content from Moco with other social networks.
In some cases, the site feature you choose may allow a third party to place cookies on your computer. The third party who places cookies on your device is responsible for how they process their data and Moco recommends that you read their privacy policies. Third parties who place cookies on your device when you use Moco include
Facebook
,
Google
and
YouTube
Targeted advertising
Our advertisting partners use cookies to improve and target advertising to you based on what's relevant to you and to improve reporting on advertising campaigns.
Our use of cookies, including the specific cookie names, may change over time, but will generally fall into the above categories. We will notify you of any important changes to our use of cookies. If you would like to know more about cookies the following websites provide useful information:
www.allaboutcookies.org
www.youronlinechoices.eu
Common ID Cookie
This site uses cookies and similar tracking technologies such as the Common ID cookie to provide its services. Cookies are important devices for measuring advertising effectiveness and ensuring a robust online advertising industry. The Common ID cookie stores a unique user id in the first party domain and is accessible to our ad partners. This simple ID that can be utilized to improve user matching, especially for delivering ads to iOS and MacOS browsers. Users can opt out of the Common ID tracking cookie by clicking
here
.
Advertising Privacy Settings
FOR EU USERS ONLY: When you use our site, pre-selected companies may access and use certain information on your device and about your interests to serve ads or personalized content. You may revisit or change consent-choices at any time by clicking
here
.
All or partial advertising on this Website or App is managed by Playwire LLC. If Playwire publisher advertising services are used, Playwire LLC may collect and use certain aggregated and anonymized data for advertising purposes. To learn more about the types of data collected, how data is used and your choices as a user, please visit
https://www.playwire.com/privacy-policy
.
VI. Data Security and Storage
We use industry standard security measures to prevent the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. However, we cannot guarantee that our security measures will prevent "hackers" from illegally obtaining this information. We will store and maintain your personal information for as long as necessary (i) for the purposes for which it was collected, (ii) to meet our current and future legal obligations, including compliance with our records retention practices, and (iii) as permitted to meet our legitimate interests. Our Service is hosted in the United States and we maintain your information in the United States and elsewhere on the cloud. If you are outside the United States, you agree to have your data transferred to and processed in the United States and elsewhere. When we transfer personal data outside of the European Economic Area, we ensure an adequate level of protection for the rights of data subjects based on the adequacy of the receiving country's data protection laws and contractual obligations placed on the recipient of the data. A copy of these safeguards may be made available by writing to us at the address provided in the Contact Information section below.
VII. Access to Your Personal Information
If you wish to obtain a copy of your personal information, please email support@corp.mocospace.com or
contact us here
. In order to protect the data of others, requests will only be honored that come from the email used to set up your account on our Service.
VIII. Deletion of Your Personal Information
You may delete your account at any time, and your personal information will be deleted in the normal course of business pursuant to our current data retention practices. You may request to have all your personal information deleted by emailing support@corp.mocospace.com or
contacting us here
. We will comply with all deletion requests to the extent permissible by law and will not delete data that we are legally required to maintain (such as data subject to a current and valid preservation order or transaction data required for audit or substantiation purposes).
IX. California Resident Rights
Notice of Right to Know About Information Collected.
California residents have the right to request certain information about whether we collect, use, disclose and sell personal information about them, and to request to know the personal information that we have. To make such a request, please contact us by mail at JNJ Mobile Inc., 6 Liberty Sq PMB 96493, Boston MA 02109, by email at support@corp.mocospace.com or
contact us here
. Please be advised that we will verify all such requests prior to providing any personal information by requiring you to respond to an email sent to the email you used when making your request. Please be advised that we are only required to respond to two requests per user each year. These reports will be provided free of charge.
Notice of Right to Request Deletion of Personal Information.
If you are a California resident and a registered user of the Service, you may request the deletion of personal information we have collected from you. To make such a request, please contact us by mail at JNJ Mobile Inc., 6 Liberty Sq PMB 96493, Boston MA 02109, by email at support@corp.mocospace.com or
contact us here
. Please be advised that we will verify all such requests prior to providing any personal information by requiring you to respond to an email sent to the email you used when making your request.
Notice of Right to Opt Out of the "Sale" of Personal Information.
California residents have the right to request that we not sell their personal information to third parties, as those terms are defined by California Civil Code Section 1798.140. This can be done by clicking on the "Do Not Sell My Info" links available on our Website our Apps, or by selecting Privacy Settings under the My Stuff / Settings menu. Users must be logged on to use these links. Alternatively, you may request that we stop selling your personal information by contacting by us via mail at JNJ Mobile Inc., 6 Liberty Sq PMB 96493, Boston MA 02109, by email at support@corp.mocospace.com or
contact us here
.
In the past twelve months, we have "sold" the following personal information of users for the purpose of delivering customized advertising to our users: Location, Advertising ID, Gender, Age.
Nondiscrimination.
We will not discriminate against California residents who exercise their privacy rights.
Authorized Agent.
California residents may use an authorized agent to make requests on their behalf. We require the authorized agent to provide us with proof of the California resident's written permission (for example, a power of attorney) that shows the authorized agent has the authority to submit a request for the California resident. In addition to providing this proof, the authorized agent must follow the appropriate process described above to make a request.
California Shine the Light Law.
Under California's "Shine the Light" law, California residents who provide Personal Information in obtaining products or services for personal, family, or household use are entitled to request and obtain from us once a calendar year information about the customer information we shared, if any, with other businesses for their own direct marketing uses. If applicable, this information would include the categories of customer information shared, the names and addresses of those businesses with which we shared customer information for the immediately prior calendar year, and descriptions of the likely types of marketing the third parties would send.
To obtain this information, please contact us by mail at JNJ Mobile Inc., 6 Liberty Sq PMB 96493, Boston MA 02109, by email at support@corp.mocospace.com or
contact us here
with "Request for California Privacy Information" on the subject line and in the body of your message. If you are a California resident, we will provide the requested information to you at your email address in response. Please be aware that not all information sharing is covered by the "Shine the Light" requirements and only information on covered sharing will be included in our response.
Our California Do Not Track Notice.
Where possible, we make an effort to take appropriate action with respect to web browser "do not track" signals or other mechanisms that provide users the ability to exercise choice regarding the collection of personal information about that user's online activities over time and across third-party web sites or online services. We may allow third parties, such as companies that provide us with analytics tools, to collect personal information about your online activities over time and across different apps or web sites when you use our Service.
X. Nevada Privacy Rights
We do not sell consumers' covered information for monetary consideration (as defined in Chapter 603A of the Nevada Revised Statutes). However, if you are a Nevada resident, you have the right to submit a request directing us not to sell your personal information. To submit such a request, please contact us by mail at JNJ Mobile Inc., 6 Liberty Sq PMB 96493, Boston MA 02109, by email at support@corp.mocospace.com or
contact us here
XI. European Economic Area Residents
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area, you have the following data protection rights:
If you wish to access, correct, update or request deletion, restrict processing, object to processing, or request porting of your personal information, you can do so at any time by emailing us at support@corp.mocospace.com or
contacting us here
. Please see sections VII and VIII above for more information.
You have the right to opt-out of marketing communications we send you at any time. You can exercise this right by clicking on the "unsubscribe" or "opt-out" link in the marketing emails we send you. You can manage your account settings and email marketing preferences in the Settings section.
Similarly, if we have collected and processed your personal information with your consent (such as for advertising), then you can withdraw your consent at any time in the Settings section. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent. Please note that if you opt-out of having your data shared with advertisers, you will still see ads, they just will not be tailored to your interests.
You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority.
We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we reserve the right to keep any information in our archives that we deem necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements.
XII. Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect new or changed features and services, changes in the law, or changes in our use or collection of personal information. We display an effective date on this Privacy Policy so you can tell when there has been a change. If we make a change regarding our use or disclosure of personal information (date of birth, first or last name, physical address, phone number, email address, or location), we will provide a notice when you open our Service. If you object to any terms and conditions of the Privacy Policy or any subsequent changes or you become dissatisfied with our Service or Moco in any way, your only option is to delete your account. Your continued use of our Service after we post a revised Privacy Policy means that you agree to the revisions.
XIII. Language
This Privacy Policy was written in English. If you are reading a translation and it conflicts with the English version, please note that the English version controls.
Our Contact Information
If you have questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us.
Email: support@corp.mocospace.com
Mail: JNJ Mobile Inc., 6 Liberty Sq PMB 96493, Boston MA 02109
Phone: 1-877-323-4815
English
Español
English
Mobile Site
Rooms
Meet People
Help
Terms
Privacy
Do Not Sell My Info
Safety
Developers
App Store
Google Play
©2005-2025
JNJ Mobile, Inc
All rights reserved.