See our full list of games
Fruit Ninja 2
Dan The Man
Jetpack Joyride 2
Monster Dash
Last updated on 5 March 2021
Thank you for playing our game and taking an interest in privacy! This is our privacy notice. It sets out how Halfbrick handles your personal data. If you download/play our games, you agree to this privacy statement which also forms part of our
Terms of Use
.
Kids:
Remember to be smart and safe online! Never give someone your information without first asking your parent/guardian if it is OK. Don't give anyone your photo, or tell anyone your name, email, home address, telephone, your school or any other information about you that they could use to contact you either online or in the real world.
If you want to enter one of our competitions, make sure you ask permission from your parent/guardian before you enter.
Parents: We are committed to the safety and privacy of the children who use our Services. We encourage parents/guardians to actively monitor their children's online activities. See more information below about children's privacy and our Child Safe Apps.
‍
1. What Information Do We Collect?
1.1 Information You Give To Us
We receive and store any information you give to us, such as when you:
download, update and play our games;
enter our competitions;
are involved in our special events (e.g. focus testing days);
interact with us via social media such as Facebook, Twitter, Twitch, YouTube, Instagram, Reddit and Discord;
enter information on our Website;
purchase our merchandise;
subscribe to our newsletters or other information feeds;
purchase Services through an online store;
make an in-app purchase;
request technical support, make a compliment or complaint, or otherwise contact us directly; or
give us your information in another way.
1.2 Information Collected Automatically
We receive and store certain types of information automatically when you interact with us, such as:
information about how you use our Services. We use this information to design new Services, improve our games, provide social features and to deliver our Services to you;
when you sign-in to our games with Facebook, Twitter, Game Center or other platform providers, we gather from that provider your basic profile information such as name, age-range, your profile photo and friends list;
information about the device you use to access our Services such as its make & model, operating system version, platform, language, time zone, device carrier, applications installed and IP address;
cookies: You can disable cookies through your web or phone browser settings but you may find that you are not able to enjoy all of the features of our Services if you do so;
the advertising ID for your device. You can reset the advertising ID at any time through your device settings.
your general location location (ie. city/country) based on your IP Address, so we know what language to use and so that we can provide Services that are applicable to your location; and
if you "tell a friend," "email this page," or use another similar features, we will collect information to perform this feature for you.
1.3 Information From Third Parties
Sometimes we collect information about you from third parties, such as
Apple
,
Amazon
,
Facebook
, or
Google
. We collect this information so that we can deliver
Services
you have requested. We collect this information:
when you purchase our Services via the App Store, Google Play Store, or other Storefront;
if you log into our Services through a social media account (such as
Facebook
) we will collect your basic profile information such as your name, current profile picture, age-range, and your friend list, this lets you interact with your friends who are also using our Services; and
when you use in-app features such as Game Center we will collect information such as your user name and your gameplay information.
‍
2. How Do We Use Your Information?
How we use your personal data
So you can play our games
Enjoyable games are a complex business. We work with vendors and partners who give us the technical abilities that let you play and enjoy our games, and to run the business that supports those games.
For product support, development and improvement
We use personal data to provide customer support, to improve our games, and to develop new games. We use personal data for playtesting as well as customer and market insight.
To provide advertisements to you
We use personal data to provide advertisements to you, both in our games and via related platforms. Sometimes we use personal data to deliver ads based on your interests.
To market our products to you
We use personal data to market our games to you such as by email, social media, push-notifications and other methods.
To perform our own analytics
We perform analytics on personal data we hold for business analysis and operations, business intelligence, product development and improvement, personalizing content, providing advertising, and making recommendations.
We may combine information about you that we have collected from multiple sources
When we share your personal data
To deliver advertising to you
We share your advertising ID with our advertising partners. We may also share demographic information about you, and your likes and interests, to allow our partners to provide more relevant advertising to you.
To better understand our customers
We may share your personal data with our analytics & attribution partners. This allows us to better understand our customer base and improve product development and revenues. Our analytics & attribution partners may combine the personal data we provide to them with information about you from other companies, to create richer more meaningful data sets.
To help us run our business
We provide your personal data to partners who assist us run our business, such as hosting providers, platforms, and payment processors. We also work with certain partners, such as other game developers and advertising partners, and information collected from you may be shared through these partnerships.
When you access social media when playing our games
When you play our games you can choose to access social media platforms such Facebook, Twitter, Google+, Game Center and others. If you choose to connect with these platforms, we will share certain personal data with them to enable your access. Halfbrick doesn’t control how you interact with these platforms and you should ensure that you agree to their terms of use and privacy policies.
2.1 When Do We Disclose Information
We may disclose the personal information we hold about you in the following circumstances:
if we are required or authorised to disclose by law or by a law enforcement agency;
to our business partners in the course of providing our Services to you, or generally in the conduct of our business. This may include organisations who provide services to us, such as advertising, payment processors or hosting services. Please see below for more information about third party services; and
to avoid, lessen or prevent a serious emergency or crime. If we use or disclose personal information about you in those circumstances we will make a written record of such use or disclosure.
2.2 Childrens' Privacy
Child Safe Apps
If your Halfbrick game is labelled a Child Safe App, it was built with child safety as a priority. Our Child Safe Apps have no advertising, no data collection, no in-app purchases and no links to external sites or apps.
If you permit your child to use one of our Services that is not labelled a Child Safe App, you should disable in-app purchases on your phone and actively monitor your child’s use. You should also familiarise yourself with this privacy policy, as by permitting your child to use our Services you consent to this privacy policy on their behalf. If you don’t agree, please do not permit your child to use our Services.
We do not knowingly contact or collect information from children under 13 without the permission of their parent/guardians. If you believe that we have inadvertently collected such information, please contact us so we can promptly obtain parental/guardian consent or delete the information.
2.3 Apple Arcade
Halfbrick games included in the Apple Arcade contain no advertising, no in-app purchases.
Game progress and save information is collected and stored by Apple on iCloud. You may optout by switching of iCloud data storage in the Apple settings page for our game.
If you opt into use Apple Game Center, your scores and achievements will be collected and stored by Apple. We do not have access to this information. You can switch off Game Center at any time by signing out of Game Center in the settings menu of your device.
2.4 Third Party Services
When you use our Services, you might also use third party services, such as Facebook, Twitter and Game Center. We do not control how they interact with you and you should ensure that you consent to the terms of use and privacy policies offered by the third party services before providing them with your information.
You acknowledge that we are not liable when third party services use information you provide to them.
We encourage you to be careful about the protection of your own personal information when using third party services such as social media platforms.
We also work with certain business partners, such as other game developers and advertising partners, and information collected from you may be shared through these partnerships.
Some of our business partners are outside Australia. Below is a list of some, but not all, business partners that we actively share user information and site usage data with (this list is subject to change):
AdColony.
Located in United States.
Read their Privacy Policy
;
Admob (Google).
Located in United States.
Read their Privacy Policy
;
AppLovin.
Located in United States.
Read their Privacy Policy
;
Campaign Monitor.
Based in Australia with servers in United States.
Read their Privacy Policy
;
Chartboost.
Located in United States.
Read their Privacy Policy
;
Facebook.
Located in United States.
Read their Privacy Policy
;
Helpshift.
Located in United States.
Read their Privacy Policy;
HyprMX.
Located in United States.
Read their Privacy Policy;
ironSource.
Located in Israel.
Read their Privacy Policy;
Mech Mocha.
Developers of Jetpack Joyride India. Located in India.
Read their Privacy Policy;
MoPub (Twitter).
Located in United States.
Read their Privacy Policy;
OneTrust.
Located in United States.
Read their Privacy Policy;
UnityAds.
Headquartered in the United States with offices throughout the Americas, Asia and Europe.
Read their Privacy Policy
;
Upsight.
Located in United States, United Kingdom and Canada.
Read their Privacy Policy
; and
Vungle.
Located in United States, United Kingdom, Germany and China.
Read their Privacy Policy.
2.5 Marketing, In-app Purchases & Opting-Out
2.5.1 Direct Marketing
Sometimes we will use your information to tell you about our Services and our news, such as new games we are launching, events we are running, or merchandise we sell. You can opt-out if you don’t want to receive this information.
2.5.2 In-app Purchase
Some of our games offer in-app purchases. Examples of in-app purchases are items you can purchase (for real or in-game currency) or other additional features. If you don’t want to make in-app purchases, don’t use these paid-for options and consider disabling in-app purchases on your device.
2.5.3 Advertising ID
Understanding our players is fundamental to creating a fun game that our fans want to play. An advertising ID is a unique ID which gives users better controls and provides developers with a simple, standard system to continue to monetize their apps and ensure customers and given advertising for products and services which match their interests. You can reset your ID at any time via the settings on your mobile device. Collecting your advertising ID helps us understand what your interests are and how we can tailor your experience to match.
Apple iOS
You may reset your device’s Advertising Identifier, which will result in your device being disassociated from ad targeting profiles based on the Advertising Identifier in effect prior to reset. You can do this by clicking on Settings -> Privacy -> Advertising -> Reset Advertising Identifier.
Google Android
You can reset your advertising ID by clicking the menu icon to display the apps list, then find and select the Google Settings icon, then find and select "Ads" and selecting "Reset advertising ID".
2.5.4 Opting-out
Ways to opt-out of our Services:
if we send you an email, there will be an unsubscribe link;
if we post updates via
Facebook
you can 'unlike' our page and you will no longer get updates;
if you receive one of our 'tweets' you can stop following us on
Twitter
; or
if we use another type of social media you can opt-out using that service.
If you need help opting-out please contact us at
support@halfbrick.com
2.6 Storage, Security & Data Retention
We store information on servers in Australia, United States, Singapore and Germany.
Halfbrick uses a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal data from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. For example, we store the personal data you provide on computer systems that have limited access and are in controlled facilities. Retention policies vary by the type of information and the lifecycle of the related game. We try to delete or deidentify data when we no longer require it.
2.7 Access, Correction & Deletion
We make reasonable efforts to keep personal information and platform data up to date, including data that has been modified or deleted.
You may request access to your personal information and platform data at any time by sending a written request to our Privacy Officer by mail at Halfbrick Studios Pty Ltd, PO Box 172, Red Hill, Queensland, 4059, Australia, by submitting an in game support ticket or by emailing
privacy@halfbrick.com
.
If your information changes, let us know so that we can update our records. If you would like us to delete your collected data, please contact us by submitting a support request to
support@halfbrick.com
. Please note data deletion requests can take up to 28 to 30 depending on your location and appropriate legal requirements.
‍
3. Complaints
If you have any concerns or complaints about your privacy please contact us by:
Submitting a request through the in game support
Sending a written request to our Privacy Officer by mail at:
Halfbrick Studios Pty Ltd
PO Box 172, Red Hill
Queensland 4059, Australia
Our Privacy Officer will respond to your complaint within a reasonable time after we receive it, provided you supply return contact details. If you do not provide return contact details, we will be unable to respond to your complaint, although we will consider its content.
‍
4. Updates to this Policy
We will update this Privacy Policy from time to time. These updates, will take effect from the date of issue on our website at
halfbrick.com
. Please check back regularly for updates.
‍
5. Definitions
Advertising ID
A unique ID that is generated for your device to track activity by advertising companies to improve their service in game. This is also known as Interest Based Advertising. You may be able to opt-out of this feature on some platforms. You may also be able to reset your advertising ID on your device.
‍
Analytics
Interpretation and interpolation of unidentified data to predict and isolate trends relating to game play and app use.
‍
Child Safe App
Fruit Ninja Academy: Math Master
‍
In-app purchase
An in-game system that allows exchanging real money for virtual goods or in-game currency.
‍
IP Address (Internet Protocol Address)
A unique string of numbers separated by full stops or commas that identifies each computer using the Internet Protocol to communicate over a network. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks.
‍
Halfbrick ("us")
Halfbrick Studios Pty Ltd ACN 109 693 227 its assignees, licensees, successors in title and subsidiaries.
‍
Services
Services offered by us and includes our games, websites and related services.
‍
Storefront
An online business presence for sales. We work with Apple's App Store, Google Play and Amazon Appstore storefronts as our primary storefronts for sales but our games are also available on Windows Store, Xbox Marketplace and many others.
‍
Terms of Service
Rules and conduct standards that are defined that one must comply with to use the service.
‍
Third party services
Services provided by a provider that is not owned or controlled by
Halfbrick.
We want to encourage and facilitate exciting, open and honest discussions in a safe and comfortable online environment. To make this an enjoyable and respectful forum, we will review all comments and we reserve the right to remove comments, at our discretion, where we feel that they are inappropriate or offensive or do not comply with our
House Rules
or
Facebook's Terms
.
If you wish to contribute to the vibrant conversations through our page there are some simple but important rules set out below. We ask that you consider these when you visit us and please comment or post responsibly:
Be accurate and honest.
Please do no post misleading or inappropriate statements about us, our products and our people. Share your enthusiasm, but make sure you speak honestly and from your own experience.
Keep it light
and only be critical if you have your facts straight. We welcome your feedback, both positive and negative, and will endeavour to respond to your comments.
Be clean, not obscene.
Don't post offensive material relating to sex, race, marital status, political or religious conviction, disability or sexual preference.
Use your common sense and stay out of trouble.
Monitor and control your language. Be careful with how you portray people. Do not post sexualised images of children. Do not encourage violence. Do not use offensive photos or images. If you are unsure, leave it out.
Don't include any personal or sensitive information
(such as your email address, bank account details, birthday, home address, phone number, driver's license, or tax file number) in your posts or comments. Also, make sure you understand and are familiar with the terms of our privacy policy.
Don't infringe other people's intellectual property
. Give credit where credit is due and obtain consent for use where appropriate.
Don't clog up the conversation with spam.
That means no repeat posts or unsolicited ads please.
Be socially aware
, sensitive and keep a world view when participating in online conversations. Remember that local posts are published globally. Whilst your post might be relevant and correct in one country it could be considered illegal and inaccurate in another.