Privacy Policy
We're committed to respecting your privacy and keeping your personal information safe. This privacy notice tells you what to expect when Imray, Laurie, Norie & Wilson Ltd (Imray), company no 82340, collects personal information. It covers all personal data that is gathered by Imray.
In particular, it tells you about who we are and how we use your information.
What personal information we collect about you
This Privacy Policy applies to the Imray apps, websites, platforms, and products and services available on or at the apps, websites or other online platforms. Imray collects personal information when you register onto our mobile applications and through our online platforms or services. We collect personal information when you:
register for an account
ask about our products or services
register with us for information
sign up for newsletters or other marketing material
purchase an item from our website or mail order cataloge
subscribe to one of our app chart sets
request technical support for our digital products
telephone, write, contact us online or text us or otherwise provide us with your personal information.
This can include information such as your name, communication preferences, email address, postal address, IP address, device ID, telephone number, mobile number, date of birth or bank account details so we can process orders. In some cases we may also collect information about you from publicly available sources.
We collect information about how you interact with the mobile applications and online platforms and services, and settings chosen through the use of cookies. Through cookies we place on your browser or device, we may also collect information about your online activity after you leave the mobile applications or online platforms and services. This information allows us to improve and customize your online experience, and otherwise as described in this Privacy Policy. Please see our Cookie policy  here .
Imray Navigator app
We only collect personal information about you when you register for an account on the app. No other features of the app require personal information. This information is encrypted, securely stored and is not shared with any third parties.
Application data created during the use of the app is stored locally on your device and is not shared.
Analytics and diagnostic data collected during the use of the app may include information about your device and the actions carried out while using the app. This information is anonymous and does not contain identifiable user data.
In order for you to have the best experience while using the app, some permissions are required. These permissions include location (foreground and background) and once granted allow the uninterrupted use of our map tracking features.
The app does not include any advertisements.
Technical app support
When you submit requests for help with our apps to support@imray.com, we need to know your name and email address. This information allows us to fulfill your request for help. We do not have access to any credit or debit card details via our apps.
To assist with app technical requests, we may also collect technical information such as the type of mobile device you use, a unique device identifier such as your device’s IMEI/UUID, what subscriptions to Imray products you have taken out via the App Store or Google Play, your mobile operating system, the time zone setting of your device, information about whether you have other Imray apps installed on your device.
We may collect personal information about you. We do not usually collect sensitive personal information about customers unless there is a clear reason for doing so.
Telling us when things change
You can help us keep our records up to date by telling us when your contact details and other personal information changes. You can also change your mind at any time about how we contact you or ask us to stop contacting you altogether.
Please contact us and we’ll make the changes for you:
• telephone +44 (0)1480 462114
• email ilnw@imray.com
• write to Imray Laurie Norie & Wilson Ltd, Wych House, 20 The Broadway, St Ives, Cambridgeshire PE27 5BT
If you tell us that you no longer want to receive further contact from us and you are on our customer database, it may take a short while before our communications stop altogether, as some of our customer information for marketing activities is processed a few weeks in advance of mailing. If you request to receive no further contact from us, we will keep the information we hold on you butensure that you do not receive unwanted materials in the future.
You can change your mind at any time about how we contact you, or ask us to stop contacting you. Get in touch with us here.
How to access and update your data
You have the right to see any information contained in personal data we hold about you. If you would like to receive some or all of your personal information, please contact us at sales@imray.com or write to Imray Laurie Norie & Wilson Ltd, 20 The Broadway, St Ives Cambridgeshire PE27 5BT.
We may charge £10 to provide this information to you, and we may require proof of identity of the person making the request. We want to make sure that your personal information is accurate and up to date. You may ask us to correct or remove any information you think is inaccurate or out of date by contacting us at the address above.
We want to make sure that your personal information is accurate and up to date.
Please also see Imray terms and conditions of sale.
Last updated: April 2023