Name and contact of the responsible person according to Article 4 (7) GDPR
beemo GmbH
Hafengrenzweg 3
48155 Münster
Germany
Phone: +49 251 490999-00
Email:
impressum@naviki.org
Data security officer:
privacy@naviki.org
Cookie Settings
Click
here
to change your cookie settings.
Security and protection of your personal data
We consider it our primary responsibility to protect the confidentiality of the personal information you provide and to protect it from unauthorized access. That's why we use the utmost care and state-of-the-art security standards to ensure maximum protection of your personal information.
As a private company, we are subject to the provisions of the European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and the regulations of the Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG). We have taken technical and organizational measures to ensure that the data protection rules are respected both by us and by our external service providers.
Definitions
Legislation requires that personal data be processed lawfully, in good faith and in a manner that is reasonable for the data subject ("lawfulness, fairness, transparency"). To ensure this, we inform you about the individual legal definitions that are also used in this privacy statement:
Personal data
"Personal data" means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (hereinafter the "data subject"); a natural person is regarded as identifiable, which can be identified directly or indirectly, in particular by association with an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or one or more special features, the expression of the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of this natural person.
Processing
"Processing" means any operation, with or without the help of automated procedures, or any series of such operations related to personal data such as collection, collection, organization, ordering, storage, adaptation or modification, reading, querying , the use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or any other form of provision, matching or linking, restriction, erasure or destruction.
Restriction of processing
"Restriction of processing" is the marking of personal data stored with the aim of limiting its future processing.
Profiling
"Profiling" means any kind of automated processing of personal data which consists in using that personal data to evaluate certain personal aspects relating to a natural person, in particular aspects relating to job performance, economic situation, health, to analyze or predict personal preferences, interests, reliability, behavior, location or change of location of that natural person.
Pseudonymization
"Pseudonymisation" means the processing of personal data in such a way that the personal data can no longer be assigned to a specific data subject without additional information being provided, given that such additional information is kept separate and subject to technical and organizational measures to ensure that the personal data Data can not be assigned to an identified or identifiable natural person.
File system
"File system" means any structured collection of personal data accessible by specific criteria, whether that collection is centralized, decentralized or organized according to functional or geographical considerations.
Controller
"Responsible person" means a natural or legal person, public authority, body or body that alone or jointly with others decides on the purposes and means of processing personal data; where the purposes and means of such processing are determined by Union law or the law of the Member States, the controller or the specific criteria for his appointment may be provided for under Union or national law.
Processor
"Processor" means a natural or legal person, public authority or body that processes personal data on behalf of the controller.
Recipient
"Recipient" means a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other entity to whom personal data are disclosed, whether or not it is a third party. However, authorities which may receive personal data under Union or national law in connection with a particular mission are not considered to be recipients; the processing of such data by the said authorities shall be in accordance with the applicable data protection rules in accordance with the purposes of the processing.
Third party
"Third party" means a natural or legal person, public authority or body, other than the data subject, the controller, the processor and the persons authorized under the direct responsibility of the controller or processor to process the personal data.
Consent
A "consent" of the data subject is any expression of will voluntarily given in a specific, unequivocal and unambiguous manner in the form of a statement or other unambiguous confirmatory act by which the data subject indicates that they agree to the processing of their personal data.
Legality of processing
The processing of personal data is only lawful if there is a legal basis for processing. The legal basis for the processing may, in accordance with Article 6 (1) (a)-(f) GDPR in particular:
The data subject has given their consent to the processing of their personal data for one or more specific purposes;
the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which the data subject is a party or for the performance of pre-contractual measures which are carried out at the request of the data subject;
the processing is necessary to fulfill a legal obligation to which the controller is subject;
the processing is necessary to protect the vital interests of the data subject or any other natural person;
the processing is necessary for the performance of a task which is in the public interest or in the exercise of public authority delegated to the controller;
processing is necessary to safeguard the legitimate interests of the controller or a third party, unless the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject requiring personal data protection prevail, in particular where the data subject is a child.
Information about the collection of personal data
(1) Below we inform about the collection of personal data when using our website. Personal data includes name, address, e-mail addresses, user behavior.
(2) When contacting us by e-mail, the information you provide (your e-mail address, your name and your telephone number, if applicable) will be stored by us to answer your questions. We delete the data collected in this context after the storage is no longer required, or the processing is restricted, if legal storage obligations exist.
Collection of personal data when visiting our website
In the case of merely informative use of the website, i.e. if you do not register or otherwise provide us with information, we only collect the personal data that your browser transmits to our server. If you wish to view our website, we collect the following data which is technically necessary for us to display our website and to ensure its stability and security (legal basis is Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR):
IP address
Date and time of the request
Time Zone Difference to Greenwich Mean Time (GMT)
Content of the requirement (actual page)
Access Status / HTTP status code
Amount of data transmitted
Website from which the request comes
Browser
Operating system and its interface
Language and version of the browser software.
Use of cookies
(1) In addition to the aforementioned data, cookies are stored on your computer when using our website. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your hard drive, assigned to the browser you are using, and that provide certain information to the body that sets the cookie. Cookies cannot run programs or transmit viruses to your computer. They serve to make the Internet service more user-friendly and effective overall.
(2) This website uses the following types of cookies, the scope and operation of which are explained below:
Transient cookies,
Persistent cookies.
(a) Transient cookies are automatically deleted when you close the browser. These include the session cookies in particular. These store a so-called session ID, with which various requests from your browser can be assigned to the common session. This will allow your computer to be recognized when you return to our website. The session cookies are deleted when you log out or close the browser.
(b) Persistent cookies are automatically deleted after a specified period, which may differ depending on the cookie. You can delete the cookies in the security settings of your browser at any time.
(c) You can configure your browser setting according to your wishes and e.g. decline the acceptance of third-party cookies or all cookies. Undertow. "Third Party Cookies" are cookies that have been set by a third party, and therefore not by the actual website on which you are currently located. Please note that disabling cookies may not enable you to use all features of this website.
(d) We use cookies to identify you for follow-up visits if you have an account with us. Otherwise you would have to log in again for each visit.
Other features and services of our website
(1) In addition to the purely informational use of our website, we offer various services that you can use if you are interested. To do this, you will generally need to provide other personal information that we use to provide the service and for which the aforementioned data processing principles apply.
(2) In part, we use external service providers to have your data processed. These providers have been carefully selected and commissioned by us, they are bound by our instructions and are regularly inspected.
(3) Furthermore, we may disclose your personal data to third parties when sales promotions, campaigns, competitions, contracts or similar services are offered by us together with partners. For more information, please refer to the information given at the time you submit your personal data or below in the description of the service.
(4) Insofar as our service providers or partners are based in a country outside the European Economic Area (EEA), we inform you about the consequences of this circumstance in the description of the service.
Newsletter
(1) With your consent, you can subscribe to our newsletter, which will let you know about news related to Naviki.
(2) Registration for our newsletter is done by activating the newsletter in the settings in your Naviki account ("opt-in procedure").
(3) To send the newsletter, we use the e-mail address that you entered when registering your Naviki account and, if applicable, the associated username. No other data will be used to send the newsletter.
(4) You can revoke your consent to receiving the newsletter at any time and unsubscribe from the newsletter. You can do this by clicking on the link provided in each newsletter e-mail, by deactivating the newsletter in the settings in your Naviki account, by e-mail to help@naviki.org or by sending a message to the address specified in the imprint contact details.
Children
Our offer is basically for adults. Persons under the age of 18 should not submit any personal data to us without the consent of their parents or guardians.
Rights of the person concerned
(1) Revocation of consent
If the processing of the personal data is based on a given consent, you have the right to revoke the consent at any time. The revocation of consent does not affect the legality of the processing carried out on the basis of the consent until the revocation.
For the exercise of the right of withdrawal, you can always contact us.
(2) Right of confirmation
You have the right to ask us to confirm that we are processing personal data concerning you. You can request confirmation at any time using the contact details above.
(3) Right of information
If personal data is processed, you can request information about this personal data and the following information at any time:
the purpose of processing your data
the categories of personal data being processed,
the recipients or categories of recipients to whom the personal data have been or will be disclosed, in particular in the case of beneficiaries in third countries or international organizations,
if possible, the planned duration, for whoich the personal data are stored, or, if this is not possible, the criteria for determining that duration,
the existence of a right to have your personal data rectified or erased or to limit the processing or the te existence of a right to object to such processing
the existence of a right of appeal to a supervisory authority,
if the personal data are not collected from the data subject, any information available on the source of the data,
the existence of automated decision-making including Profiling in accordance with Article 22 (1) and (4) GDPR and, at least in these cases, meaningful information on the logic involved and the scope and intended impact of such processing on the data subject.
If personal data are transmitted to a third country or to an international organization, you have the right to be informed of the appropriate safeguards under Article 46 of the GDPR in connection with the transfer. We provide a copy of the personal data that is the subject of the processing. For any additional copies you request of a person, we may charge a reasonable fee based on the administrative costs. If the application is submitted electronically, the information must be provided in a standard electronic format, unless otherwise stated. The right to receive a copy under paragraph 3 shall not affect the rights and freedoms of others.
(4) Right of rectification
You have the right to demand immediate correction of incorrect personal data concerning you. Taking into account the purposes of processing, you have the right to request the completion of incomplete personal data, including by means of a supplementary statement.
(5) Right of cancellation ("right to be forgotten")
You have the right to request from the controller that your personal data be deleted immediately and we are obliged to delete personal data immediately if one of the following applies:
The personal data are no longer necessary for the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed.
The data subject revokes their consent to the processing referred to in Article 6 (1) (a) or Article 9 (2) (a) GDPR and there are no other legitimate grounds for processing.
The data subject objects to the processing pursuant to Article 21 (1) of the GDPR and there are no legitimate grounds for processing, or the data subject objects in accordance with Article 21 (2)
Personal data has been processed unlawfully.
The deletion of personal data is required to fulfill a legal obligation under EU or national law, to which the controller is subject.
The personal data were collected in relation to Information Society according to Article 8 (1) GDPR.
If the controller has made the personal data publicly available and is required to erase it in accordance with paragraph 1, taking into account the technology available and the implementation costs, they shall take appropriate measures, including technical ones, to inform data controllers who process the personal data that a data subject has requested that they delete all links to such personal data or copies or replications of such personal data.
The right to cancel ("right to be forgotten") does not exist if the processing is required:
to exercise the right to freedom of expression and information;
to fulfill a legal obligation required by the law of the Union or of the Member States to which the controller is subject, or to carry out a task of public interest or in the exercise of official authority conferred on the controller;
for reasons of public interest in the field of public health pursuant to Article 9 (2) (h) and (i) and Article 9 (3) GDPR;
for archival purposes of public interest, for scientific or historical research purposes or for statistical purposes pursuant to Article 89 (1) GDPR, to the extent that the law referred to in paragraph 1 is likely to render impossible or seriously prejudice the achievement of the objectives of that processing, or
to assert, exercise or defend legal claims.
(6) Right to restriction of processing
You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal data if any of the following conditions apply:
the accuracy of the data is disputed by the data subject, for a period of time allowing the controller to verify the accuracy of the personal data,
the processing is unlawful and the data subject rejects deletion of the personal data and, instead, requests the restriction of processing of the personal data
the controller no longer needs the personal data for the purposes of processing, but the data subject requires them to assert, exercise or defend legal claims, or the data subject objects to processing under Article 21 (1) GDPR as long as it is not certain that the legitimate reasons of the person responsible outweigh those of the person concerned.
If the processing has been restricted in accordance with the above-mentioned conditions, these personal data will, with the exception of storage, only be processed with the consent of the data subject or for the purpose of asserting, exercising or defending legal claims or protecting the rights of another natural or legal person or for reasons important public interest of the Union or of a Member State.
In order to exercise the right to limit processing, the data subject may contact us at any time using the contact details provided above.
(7) Right to data portability
You have the right to receive the personal data you provide to us in a structured, common and machine-readable format, and you have the right to transfer that information to others without hindrance by the controller to whom the personal data were transmitted, provided that
the processing is based on a consent pursuant to Article 6 (1) (a) or 9 (2) (a) or a contract pursuant to Article 6 (1) (b) GDPR and
the processing is carried out by automated means.
When exercising the right to data portability in accordance with paragraph 1, you have the right to obtain that the personal data are transmitted directly from one controller to another, as far as technically feasible. The exercise of the right to data portability is without prejudice to the right of cancellation (the "right to be forgotten"). This right does not apply to processing necessary for the performance of a task in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority delegated to the controller.
(8) Right to object
You have the right, for reasons of your own particular situation, to object at any time to the processing of personal data relating to you pursuant to Article 6 (1) (e) or (f) of the GDPR; this also applies to profiling based on these provisions. The controller no longer processes the personal data unless they can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for processing that outweigh the interests, rights and freedoms of the data subject, or the processing is for the purpose of enforcing, pursuing or defending legal claims.
If personal data is processed in order to operate direct mail, you have the right to object at any time to the processing of personal data concerning you for the purpose of such advertising; this also applies to profiling insofar as it is associated with such direct mail. If you object to the processing for direct marketing purposes, the personal data will no longer be processed for these purposes.
Regarding the use of information society services, regardless of Directive 2002/58 / EC, you can exercise your right to object through automated procedures that use technical specifications.
You have the right, for reasons of your own particular situation, to object to the processing of personal data concerning you for scientific or historical research purposes or for statistical purposes under Article 89 (1), except when: the processing is necessary to fulfill a public interest task.
The right of objection can be exercised at any time by contacting the respective controller.
(9) Automated decisions on a case-by-case basis, including profiling
You have the right not to be subjected to a decision based solely on automated processing – including profiling – that will have legal effect or similarly affect you in a similar manner. This does not apply if the decision:
is necessary for the conclusion or performance of a contract between the data subject and the controller,
is permitted by Union or Member State legislation to which the controller is subject, and that legislation is adequate to safeguard the rights, freedoms and legitimate interests of the person concerned or
is made with the express consent of the data subject.
The controller shall take reasonable steps to safeguard the rights and freedoms and legitimate interests of the data subject, including at least the right to obtain the intervention of a person on behalf of the controller, to express his or her own position and to challenge the decision.
This right can be exercised by the data subject at any time by addressing himself to the controller.
(10) Right to complain to a supervisory authority
Furthermore, without prejudice to any other administrative or judicial remedy, you shall have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the Member State of your residence, place of work or place of alleged infringement, if the data subject considers that the processing concerns them personal data breaches this Regulation.
(11) Right to effective judicial remedy
Without prejudice to an available administrative or extrajudicial remedy, including the right to complain to a supervisory authority under Article 77 of the GDPR, you shall have the right to an effective judicial remedy you consider that your rights under this regulation have been violated by processing your data in a way that is not in accordance with this regulation.
Use of Google Analytics (with IP anonymization)
We use Google Analytics on our web service. This is a web analytics service provided by Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland (hereinafter: Google).
The Google Analytics service is used to analyze how our web service is used. The legal basis is Article 6 (1) (a) GDPR. Our legitimate interest lies in the analysis, optimization, and economic operation of our web service.
Usage and user-related information, such as IP address, place, time, or frequency of your visits to our web service will be transmitted to a Google server in the United States and stored there. However, we use Google Analytics with the so-called anonymization function, whereby Google truncates the IP address within the EU or the EEA before it is transmitted to the US.
The data collected in this way is in turn used by Google to provide us with an evaluation of visits to our website and what visitors do, once there. This data can also be used to provide other services related to the use of our website and of the internet in general.
Google states that it will not connect your IP address to other data. In addition, Google provides further information with regard to its data protection practices at
https://www.google.com/intl/de/policies/privacy/partners,
including options you can exercise to prevent such use of your data.
In addition, Google offers an opt-out add-on at
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en
in addition with further information. This add-on can be installed on the most popular browsers and offers you further control over the data that Google collects when you visit our website. The add-on informs Google Analytics' JavaScript (ga.js) that no information about the website visit should be transmitted to Google Analytics. However, this does not prevent information from being transmitted to us or to other web analytics services we may use as detailed herein.
Use of Google Firebase
(1) We use Firebase Crashlytics and Firebase A/B Testing or 'Optimize' (hereinafter: "Google Firebase") to analyse user behavior and to optimize Stability and app performance. For this purpose, Google Firebase stores duration and number of sessions, operating system information, device model, region et al. A detailed overview about the data gathered by Google Firebase can be found here:
support.google.com/firebase/answer/6318039
(2) The use of Google Firebase helps optimizing and debugging the app. For this purpose, information about the device and the usage of the app are stored and used (e.g. when the app was started, when a crash happened etc.). This information enables us to diagnose and solve problems. The data stored is anonymized.
(3) The use of Google Firebase may imply transmission of personal data to the USA.
(4) The legal basis is Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR. Our legitimate interest lies in the analysis, optimization, and economic operation of our service.
(5) Information about the service provider: Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA.
(6) Further information about Google Firebase can be found here:
https://firebase.google.com/
https://firebase.google.com/terms/crashlytics/
https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy/
Use of Google AdWords (with Conversion Tracking)
We use Google AdWords with conversion tracking. This is a service provided by Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Irland (hereinafter: Google).
We use conversion tracking to provide targeted promotion of our site. The legal basis is Article 6 (1) (a) GDPR. Our legitimate interest lies in the analysis, optimization, and economic operation of our service.
If you click on an ad placed by Google, the conversion tracking we use stores a cookie on your device. These so-called conversion cookies expire after 30 days and do not otherwise identify you personally.
If the cookie is still valid and you visit a specific page of our website, both we and Google can evaluate that you clicked on one of our ads placed on Google and that you were then forwarded to our website.
The data collected in this way is in turn used by Google to provide us with an evaluation of visits to our website and what visitors do once there. In addition, we receive information about the number of users who clicked on our advertisement(s) as well as about the pages on our site that are subsequently visited. Neither we nor third parties who also use Google AdWords will be able to identify you from this conversion tracking.
You can also prevent or restrict the installation of cookies by making the appropriate settings in your browser. Likewise, you can use the browser to delete cookies that have already been stored. However, the steps and measures required vary, depending on the browser you use. If you have any questions, please use the help function or consult the documentation for your browser or contact its maker for support.
In addition, Google provides further information with regard to its data protection practices at
https://services.google.com/sitestats/de.html
http://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads/
http://www.google.de/policies/privacy/
in particular information on how you can prevent the use of your data.
Google AdSense
We use Google AdSense in our service to integrate advertisements. This is a service provided by Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Irland (hereinafter: Google).
Google AdSense stores cookies and web beacons on your device via your browser. This enables Google to analyze how you use our service. In addition to your IP address and the advertising formats displayed, the information thus collected will be transmitted to Google in the USA and stored there. Google may also share this information with third parties. Google states that it will not connect your IP address to other data.
The legal basis is Article 6 (1) (a) GDPR. Our legitimate interest lies in the analysis, optimization, and economic operation of our service.
If you do not agree to this processing, you have the option of preventing the installation of cookies by making the appropriate settings in your browser. Further details can be found in the section about cookies above.
In addition, Google offers an opt-out add-on at
https://policies.google.com/privacy
https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated
in particular on options for preventing the use of data.
Optional use of Dialogflow
In order to provide immediate assistance and to reply to support questions by users, Naviki offers a chatbot-based dialog service. The Naviki chatbot uses Dialogflow, a natural language processing application that is based on machine learning to "understand" user input and generate answers. For this purpose, user input can be transmitted to globally distributed servers. User input and chat conversations are stored without reference to personal data. Stored chatbot conversation data is used for optimizing the dialog service, the data is analysed without reference to personal data. The chatbot system will not ask for personal data, and no input of personal data is required for using the dialog service. The legal basis is Article 6 (1) (a) GDPR. Our legitimate interest lies in the use of conversation data for machine learning and training of the chatbot system. Dialogflow is a subsidiary of Google Inc. (Privacy policy:
https://dialogflow.com/terms
). Google may combine and aggregate data obtained through multiple services.
Use of Social Media plugins
For our Social Media Buttons (Facebook, Twitter) we use the GDPR-compliant "Shariff" technology, developed by the German computer magazine c't. With Shariff, no data is transmitted to third parties unless you click on the respective Social Media Button. After clicking on a Social Media Button, data may be transmitted to/from the social media platform. The privacy policy of the respective social media platform applies. More about Shariff:
https://github.com/heiseonline/shariff
Use of Google Maps
(1) On this website we use the service of Google Maps. This allows us to show you interactive maps directly in the website and allow you to conveniently use the map feature.
(2) By visiting the website, Google receives the information that you have accessed the corresponding subpage of our website. In addition, the data collected when visiting our website are transmitted. This is done regardless of whether Google provides a user account that you are logged in to, or if there is no user account. When you're logged in to Google, your data will be assigned directly to your account. If you do not wish to be associated with your profile on Google, you must log out before activating the button. Google stores your data as usage profiles and uses them for purposes of advertising, market research and / or tailor-made website design. Such an evaluation is done in particular (even for users who are not logged in) to provide appropriate advertising and to inform other users of the social network about their activities on our website. You have a right of objection to the formation of these user profiles, to exercise this right, you have to address yourself to Google.
(3) Further information on the purpose and scope of the data collection and its processing by the plug-in provider can be found in the provider's privacy policy. You can also find more information about your rights and privacy settings here:
www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy
. Google also processes your personal information in the United States and has submitted to the EU-US Privacy Shield,
https://www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework
.
Integration of OpenStreetMap
(1) On this website we use the service of OpenStreetMap. This is a free project of the OpenStreetMap Foundation This allows us to show you maps directly in the website, thus enabling you to make comfortable use of the map function.
(2) By visiting the website, data will be transmitted to the OpenStreetMap Foundation according to the item "Collection of personal data when visiting our website".
(3) Further information on the purpose and extent of the data collection and its processing by the provider can be found in the respective privacy policy available at
https://wiki.osmfoundation.org/wiki/Privacy_Policy
.
Processors
We use external service providers (processors), e.g. for sending emails and server hosting. Data processing contracts have been made with these service providers to ensure the protection of your personal data.
We work together with the following service providers:
23media (server hosting)
https://23m.com/
Mittwald (web hosting, email)
https://www.mittwald.de/
Google (Analytics, Fabric)
https://www.google.de/
Mailchimp (newsletter)
https://mailchimp.com/
Version
Terms of use: Version 4.0 of April 1, 2020
For some parts of this document, the
Model Data Protection Statement
of
Anwaltskanzlei Weiß & Partner
was used.