We make awesome apps.
End user license agreement
Terms of service & PRivacy Policy
This End User License Agreement (“EULA”) is between you and Conniption, LLC (“Conniption”) and governs your use of Puzzle Party. By using Puzzle Party, you agree to the terms of this EULA. If you do not agree with the terms, you may not use Puzzle Party.
Parties
This EULA is between you and Conniption. Apple, Inc. (“Apple”) is not a party to this EULA. However, Apple and its subsidiaries are third party beneficiaries of this EULA and may enforce this EULA against you.
Limited License
Conniption grants you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable license solely to use Puzzle Party for your internal business or personal, non-commercial purposes. You may only use Conniption on Apple devices that you own or control and as permitted by the App Store Terms of Service.
Except for the limited license granted above, Conniption retains all interests in Puzzle Party and its underlying technology, including all related intellectual property rights. Conniption, and not Apple, is responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement and discharge of claims by third parties that any element of Puzzle Party infringes their intellectual property.
Age Restrictions
You represent that you are either (a) at least 13 years old (or the age of majority in the jurisdiction where you are using Puzzle Party) and agree to be bound by this EULA; or (b) under the age of majority and have obtained verifiable consent from a parent or legal guardian to use Puzzle Party. If you are a parent or legal guardian consenting to your child’s use of Puzzle Party, you are bound by this EULA with respect to such use.
Content
You are solely responsible for all content you upload to Puzzle Party (“Your Content”) in the process of creating a puzzle and the distribution of such puzzle incorporating Your Content. You may not use Puzzle Party to transmit, store, display, or distribute content that is illegal, harmful, or offensive, including content that is defamatory, obscene, abusive, invasive of privacy, infringes the rights of third parties, or pornographic. We may suspend your account if we reasonably believe that you are in violation of this Section 4(A).
Once an Puzzle Party puzzle has been shared, it cannot be removed from the recipient’s device without their cooperation. By using Puzzle Party to share content, you acknowledge and consent to this fact.
You will indemnify Conniption from all losses, damages, costs (including reasonable attorney’s fees) and expenses awarded by a court or agreed upon in settlement, arising out of third party allegations that Your Content violates any laws or infringes any intellectual property rights of such third party.
Maintenance and Support
Help, release information, and release notes are built directly into Puzzle Party. For additional assistance please email
s
upport@conniption.io, and we will do our best to respond promptly.
All feedback regarding Puzzle Party you provide, whether via the help site, contacting support, or any other means, is Conniption property. Personal information included in such feedback will be handled in accordance with our privacy policy. Conniption is free to implement any suggestions for improvements to Puzzle Parrty included in such feedback with no obligation to you.
Conniption, not Apple, is responsible for addressing any claims you make relating to Conniption or its use, including: (i) any product liability claim; (ii) any claim that Conniption fails to conform to applicable legal or regulatory requirements; and (iii) any claim arising under consumer protection or similar legislation. Nothing in this EULA will be deemed an admission that you may have such claims.
Disclaimer
Puzzle Party IS MADE AVAILABLE ON AN “AS-IS” AND “AS-AVAILABLE” BASIS. WE DISCLAIM ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, Conniption WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND, WHETHER DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY OR CONSEQUENTIAL, RELATED TO YOUR USE OR INABILITY TO USE Conniption, HOWEVER CAUSED, REGARDLESS OF THE THEORY OF LIABILITY, AND EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
Analytics
Conniption may collect and use information about your usage of Puzzle Party, including certain types of information about your device. Conniption may use this information in a form that does not personally identify you, to measure the use and performance of Puzzle Party. See the Puzzle Party Privacy Policy for complete information about the collection and use of user information.
Beta and Test Users
You may have the opportunity to use “beta”, “test”, “pre-release” or other non-commercially available versions of Puzzle Party or certain of its features. All such use is (i) voluntary, requiring you to opt-in for access to such features or versions, and (ii) entirely at your risk. Conniption disclaims all liability to the maximum extent allowed by law for your use of such versions and may revoke access to such versions or features without notice.
Conniption may implement any suggestions for changes or improvements to the pre-release versions or features of Puzzle Party you provide in connection with your use of such versions or features, and all feedback you provide in relation to this use is Conniption property.
Legal
You represent that (i) you are not located in a country that is subject to a U.S. Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S. Government as a “terrorist supporting” country; and (ii) you are not listed on any U.S. Government list of prohibited or restricted parties.
You will comply with all laws applicable to your use of Puzzle Party, including export control laws related to Your Content. This EULA and all matters relating to your use of Puzzle Party, including any disputes, will be governed by the substantive laws of the United States and the State of California, without regard to conflicts of laws principles that might require a different result. You consent to arbitration of any claims arising out of this EULA or your use of Puzzle Party, which arbitration will occur in San Diego, California, before a single arbitrator, using the American Arbitration Association expedited procedures for commercial disputes.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, we may take any actions we deem necessary if we become aware of an alleged breach of this EULA respecting the license or Your Content.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about this EULA, please email support@conniption.io
Privacy Policy
Conniption LLC built the Puzzle Party app as a Freemium app. This Service is provided by Conniption LLC and is intended for use as is.
This document is used to inform app users regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to email, name, Facebook Profile. The information that we request is will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties may have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose
Personal Information Sharing
We do not share personal identifying information with 3rd party companies without your permission or in instances when required by law.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at support@conniption.io
­
­