MSV - Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Last Updated 9th July 2024
We are MotorSport Vision Limited ("MSV"), which is part of the MSV Group which also includes JPM Ltd ("PalmerSport") and MotorSport Vision Racing Limited ("MSVR"). We are the Data Controller for all personal information about you that is held by the MSV Group, which means that we are responsible for storing that personal information securely and only using it in accordance with privacy and data protection laws and regulations.
We reserve the right to change the policy at any time, so please check back regularly to keep informed of updates to this Policy.
What this policy covers:
The data controller is MotorSport Vision Limited (referred to in this policy as "we" or "us").
So you only need to look in one place to find out all you need to know, this notice covers all MotorSport Vision websites, apps and services. That includes the msv.com site, palmersport.com site, msvracing.com site, the MSV iOS and Android applications, and all other MotorSport Vision websites, apps, developer platforms and other products and services.
This policy covers:
What information we collect when you’re using any MotorSport Vision website or app, or when you’re communicating with us
Why we collect that information
How we may then use that information
How we share that information
How long we keep your information, and how we protect it whilst we have it
What we won’t do with your information
What personal information do we collect?
When you register for our Services, you may provide us with:
Your personal details, including your postal and billing addresses, email addresses, phone numbers
Information about events and services you may be interested in receiving further information about
Your account login details, such as your email and password that have been chosen
Your vehicles details, such as your registration number, make, model, picture of your vehicle, engine capacity and year of manufacture
When you shop with us online or browse our Websites, we may collect:
Information about your online purchases (for example, what you have bought, when and where you bought it and how you paid for it)
Information about your online browsing behaviour on our Websites and Mobile Apps
Information about any devices you have used to access our Services (including the make, model and operating system, IP address, browser type and mobile device identifiers)
When you contact us or we contact you or you take part in promotions, competitions, surveys or questionnaries about our Services, we may collect:
Personal data you provide about yourself anytime you contact us about our Services (for example, your name, email and contact details), including by phone, email or post or when you speak with us through social media
Details of the emails and other digital communications we send to you that you open, including any links in them that you click on
Your feedback and contributions to customer surveys and questionnaires
How we use your information
We use your personal information on the basis that we have your consent to do so (by your specific provision of such consent at the time that you provided the information to us) and/or because we have a legitimate interest in doing so.
We use your personal information to:
Make our Services available to you
Manage the accounts your hold with us
Process your orders and refunds
Why do we process your personal data in this way?
We need to process your personal data so that we can manage your customer accounts, provide you with the goods and services you want to buy and help you with any orders and refunds you may ask for.
Manage and improve our day-to-day operations
Manage and improve our Websites and Mobile Apps
Why do we process your personal data in this way?
We use cookies and similar technologies on our Websites and Mobile Apps to improve your customer experience.
Some cookies are necessary so you should not disable these if you want to be able to use all the features of our Websites and Mobile Apps. You can disable other cookies but this may affect your customer experience. For more information about cookies and how you can disable them, see the cookies and similar technologies section.
Help to develop and improve our product range, services, information technology systems, know-how and the way we communicate with you
Why do we process your personal data in this way?
We rely on the use of personal data to carry out market research and internal research and development, and to improve our information technology systems (including security) and our product range, services and circuits. This allows us to serve you better as a customer.
Detect and prevent fraud or other crime
Why do we process your personal data in this way?
It is important for us to monitor how our Services are used to detect and prevent fraud, other crimes and the misuse of services. This helps us to make sure that you can safely use our Services.
We partner with Microsoft Clarity and Microsoft Advertising to capture how you use and interact with our website through behavioural metrics, heatmaps, and session replay to improve and market our products/services. Website usage data is captured using first and third-party cookies and other tracking technologies to determine the popularity of products/services and online activity. Additionally, we use this information for site optimization, fraud/security purposes, and advertising. For more information about how Microsoft collects and uses your data, visit the
Microsoft Privacy Statement
.
Personalise your experience
Use your online browsing behaviour as well as your in-store and online purchases to help us better understand you as a customer and provide you with personalised offers and services.
Why do we process your personal data in this way?
Looking at your browsing behaviour and purchases allows us to personalise our offers and services for you. This helps us meet your needs as a customer.
Marketing communications
Provide you with relevant marketing communications (including by email, post), relating to our products and services, and the MotorSport Vision Group. We may also measure the effectiveness of our marketing communications.
Why do we process your personal data in this way?
We want to ensure that we provide you with marketing communications, that are relevant to your interests. To achieve this we also measure your responses to marketing communications relating to products and services we offer, which also means we can offer you products and services that better meet your needs as a customer.
You can change your marketing choices, both when you register with us, and at any time after that by going to
Your Account
and clicking "Contact Preferences"
Contact and interact with you
Contact you about our Services, for example by phone, email or post or by responding to social media posts that you have directed at us.
Why do we process your personal data in this way?
We want to serve you better as a customer so we use personal data to provide clarification or assistance in response to your communications
Manage promotions and competitions you take part in.
Why do we process your personal data in this way?
We need to process your personal data so that we can manage the promotions and competitions you choose to enter.
Invite you to take part in and manage customer surveys, questionnaires and other market research activities carried out by the MotorSport Vision Group and by other organisations on our behalf.
Why do we process your personal data in this way?
We carry out market research to improve our Services. However, if we contact you about this, you do not have to take part in the activities. If you tell us that you do not want us to contact you for market research, we will respect this choice. This will not affect your ability to use our Services.
To help us to better understand you as a customer and to be able to provide you with services and marketing communications, including online advertising, that are relevant to your interests we also combine personal data we collect when you make purchases while at our circuits/venues with personal data collected from our Websites, Mobile Apps and other sources.
Sharing personal data within the MotorSport Vision Group
This section explains how and why we share personal data with other companies within the MotorSport Vision Group.
We may share the personal data we collect with other companies in the MotorSport Vision Group. For example, we share personal data with the following MotorSport Vision Group companies.
PalmerSport
We may make purchase information and information about your online behaviour we have collected through cookies available to PalmerSport. This helps them to improve their services and make their marketing communications more relevant to you.
How we DON'T use your information
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information.
How we protect your information?
Our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible.
We use regular Antivirus and Malware Scanning.
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
We implement a variety of security measures when a user places an order enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.
All payment transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.
How we use 'Cookies'?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
We use cookies to:
Help remember and process the items in the shopping cart.
Understand and save user's preferences for future visits.
Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third-party services that track this information on our behalf.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Since browser is a little different, look at your browser's Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If you turn cookies off, your user experience may be affected and you might not be able to take advantage of certain functions of our site.
Your Rights:
You have a number of rights in respect of our use of your personal information.
You may request a copy of the personal information we hold about you
You have the right to be informed how your personal information is being used and stored. This privacy policy aims to do this, but you can also contact us with any questions you may have
You may object to direct marketing. Every marketing email provides you with a link to unsubscribe or manage your marketing preferences
You may object to processing carried out on the basis of legitimate interests
You may ask us to delete the information we hold in relation to you
You may ask us to amend or rectify the information we hold about you
If you have any questions or concerns, please contact us:
Data Protection Officer,
MotorSport Vision Ltd
Brands Hatch Circuit,
London Road,
West Kingsdown,
Sevenoaks,
Kent, TN15 6FS
You can also email us at
dataprotection@msv.com
or call us on
01474 872 331
There is more information available on your rights at the Information Commission’s website:
https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/guide-to-the-general-data-protection-regulation-gdpr/individual-rights/
We want to make sure that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and up to date. If any of the details are incorrect, please let us know and we will amend them.
Complaints
If you have any concern about our handling of personal information, and we cannot resolve your concern, you can complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office:
https://ico.org.uk/concerns/
How to contatct us!
If you have any questions about how we collect, store and use personal data please contact us:
Phone number:
01474 872 331
Email:
dataprotection@msv.com
Write to us:
The Data Protection Officer,
MotorSport Vision Ltd
Brands Hatch Circuit,
London Road,
West Kingsdown,
Sevenoaks,
Kent, TN15 6FS
Security Vulnerability Reporting Policy
MSV values the work done by security researchers in improving the security of our products and service offerings. We are committed to working with this community to verify, reproduce, and respond to legitimate reported vulnerabilities. We encourage the community to participate in our responsible reporting process.
If you are a security researcher and would like to report a security vulnerability, please send an email to:
vulnerability@msv.com
. Please provide your name, contact information with each report.
Responsible Disclosure Guidelines
We will investigate legitimate reports and make every effort to quickly correct any vulnerability. To encourage responsible reporting, we commit that we will not take legal action against you or ask law enforcement to investigate you if you comply with the following Responsible Disclosure Guidelines:
Provide details of the vulnerability, including information needed to reproduce and validate the vulnerability and a Proof of Concept (POC)
Make a good faith effort to avoid privacy violations, destruction of data and interruption or degradation of our services
Do not modify or access data that does not belong to you
Give us a reasonable time to correct the issue before making any information public
We will attempt to respond to your report within 1-2 business days.