×
myBITZER
BITZER SOFTWARE
ePARTS
ePARTS makes finding the appropriate spare parts for our products fast and easy. The parts are listed according to the model range and appear as a simple zoomable expanded-view drawing. The software is free of charge. As a direct BITZER customer registered at myBITZER, you benefit from additional advanced features – for example, the ability to view online prices of individual spare parts.
ePARTS makes finding the appropriate spare parts for our products fast and easy. The parts are listed according to the model range and appear as a simple zoomable expanded-view drawing. The software is free of charge. As a direct BITZER customer registered at myBITZER, you benefit from additional advanced features – for example, the ability to view online prices of individual spare parts.
Documentation
Contact
US / en-us
Company
About Us
BITZER worldwide
Group Companies
Responsibility at BITZER
Purchasing
Solutions
Refrigeration
Air Conditioning and Process Cooling
Heat pumps
Transport
Products
Reciprocating Compressors
Screw Compressors
Scroll Compressors
Heat Exchangers and Pressure Vessels
Electronical components
Ammonia Compressor Packs
Tools & Archive
Software
Apps
Refrigerant Report
Original or Counterfeit?
Product Archive
Service
SCHAUFLER Academy Trainings & Seminars
ORIGINAL SPARE PARTS
After Sales & Repair
Quickship
BITZER Services
News
Press releases
Press materials & reviews
Events
BITZER magazine
Downloads
US / en-us
×
Please select country and language:
Europe
Austria / de‎
Belarus / en‎
Belgium / fr
Bosnia-Herzegovina / en‎
Bulgaria / en‎
Croatia / en‎
Cyprus / en‎
Czech Republic / en‎
Denmark / en‎
Denmark / dk-en‎
Estonia / en‎
Finland / en‎
France / fr‎
Germany / de‎
Greece / en‎
Hungary / en‎
Iceland / en‎
Ireland / en‎
Italy / it‎
Latvia / en‎
Lithuania / en‎
Luxembourg / fr
Malta / en‎
Netherlands / en
Norway / en‎
Poland / en‎
Portugal / pt‎
Romania / en‎
Russia / ru
Serbia & Montenegro / en‎
Slovakia / en‎
Slovenia / en‎
Spain / es‎
Sweden / en‎
Switzerland / de‎
Turkey / en‎
Ukraine / en‎
United Kingdom / en‎
America
Argentina / es‎
Barbados / en‎
Belize / en‎
Bolivien / es‎
Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba / en‎
Brazil / pt-br
Canada / en‎
Canada / fr‎
Caribbean / en‎
Chile / es‎
Colombia / es‎
Costa Rica / es‎
Cuba / es‎
Curacao / en‎
Dominican Republic / es‎
Ecuador / es‎
El Salvador / es‎
Grenada / es‎
Guatemala / es‎
Haiti / fr‎
Honduras / es‎
Jamaika / en‎
Mexico / es‎
Netherlands Antilles / en‎
Nicaragua / es‎
Panama / es‎
Paraguay / es‎
Peru / es‎
Puerto Rico / en‎
Puerto Rico / es‎
Sint Maarten (Dutch part) / en‎
Trinidad & Tobago / en‎
U.S.A. / us
Venezuela / es‎
Asia
Bahrain / en‎
Bangladesh / en‎
Brunei / en‎
China / zh
Hong Kong SAR of China / en‎
India / in-en‎
India / en‎
Indonesia / en‎
Iran / en‎
Israel / en‎
Japan / ja
Jordan / en‎
Kuwait / en‎
Lebanon / en‎
Malaysia / en‎
Maldives / en‎
Myanmar / en‎
Oman / en‎
Pakistan / en‎
Philippines / en‎
Qatar / en‎
Saudi Arabia / en‎
Singapore / en‎
South Korea / ko‎
Sri Lanka / en‎
Syria / en‎
Thailand / en‎
U.A.E. / en‎
Vietnam / en‎
Yemen / en‎
Africa
Algeria / fr‎
Angola / pt‎
Botswana / en‎
Cameroon / fr‎
Cameroon / en‎
Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) / fr‎
Djibouti / fr‎
Egypt / en‎
Equatorial Guinea / es‎
Equatorial Guinea / pt‎
Equatorial Guinea / fr‎
Ethiopia / en‎
Ghana / en‎
Kenya / en‎
Lesotho / en‎
Libya / en‎
Madagascar / fr‎
Malawi / en‎
Mauritius / en‎
Morocco / en‎
Mozambique / pt‎
Namibia / en‎
Nigeria / en‎
Reunion / fr‎
Senegal / fr‎
Seychelles / en‎
Seychelles / fr‎
South Africa / en‎
Sudan / en‎
Swaziland / en‎
Tanzania / en‎
Tunisia / en‎
Uganda / en‎
Zambia / en‎
Zimbabwe / en‎
Australia
﻿
﻿
Australia / en
﻿
﻿
﻿
New Zealand / en
PRIVACY POLICY
Delivery address
--start--
We, BITZER Kühlmaschinenbau GmbH (‘we’), thank you for your interest in our company and our products and for visiting the website of www.bitzer.de (the ‘website’).
The protection of your personal data is very important to us.
This Privacy Policy allows us, the company, to inform the general public about the type and scope of personal data we collect, use and process as well as our reasons for doing so. This Privacy Policy also explains the rights available to you. If it becomes necessary to process personal data and there is no legal basis for this form of processing, we will ask you for your consent.
Your personal data are processed exclusively in accordance with the statutory data protection regulations, particularly the European General Data Protection Regulation (‘GDPR’) and the German Federal Data Protection Act (‘BDSG’).
This Privacy Policy details how your personal data are processed and what rights you have as a data subject under the data protection regulations.
Where we link to third-party websites, please note that we do not operate such websites and are not responsible for the content on such websites. We have no influence over the processing of data on the third-party websites.
1. DATA CONTROLLER AND DATA PROTECTION OFFICER; CONTACT
The data controller is:
Data protection officer
BITZER Kühlmaschinenbau GmbH
Peter-Schaufler-Platz 1
71065 Sindelfingen
Germany
Tel.: +49 (0)7031 9320
Fax: +49 (0)7031 932 147
Email:
bitzer@bitzer.de
BITZER Kühlmaschinenbau GmbH
Peter-Schaufler-Platz 1
71065 Sindelfingen
Germany
Tel.: +49 (0)7031 9320
Fax: +49 (0)7031 932 147
Email:
datenschutz@bitzer.de
If you have any questions or comments regarding data protection, you can also contact our data protection officer directly.
2. COLLECTION, PROCESSING AND PROVISION OF PERSONAL DATA
We only collect, process and use your personal data where legally admissible or if you have provided your express consent – for example
in the form of voluntary agreement to the use of functional and/or marketing cookies (for more information, see section 3.)
if you register for our customer portal myBITZER (for more information, see section 5)
if you subscribe to our newsletter
or if you contact us using our contact form (for more information, see section 6).
Personal data comprises all information concerning an identified or identifiable natural person. This includes, for example, your name, phone number and postal and email addresses, as these data are an expression of your personal identity.
Processing of personal data means any operation or set of operations which is performed on personal data or on sets of personal data, whether or not by automated means, such as collection, recording, organisation, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction.
2.1. CATEGORIES OF DATA
We process communication data. Communication data are data such as your name, address, email address and IP address. The data are processed exclusively for the purposes described below; the processing is limited to the personal data necessary for these purposes in line with the principle of data economy in the data protection legislation.
2.2. PURPOSES OF PROCESSING AND LEGAL GROUNDS
We and the service providers we engage process your personal data exclusively for the following purposes:
Processing due to consent
, point (a) of Article 6(1) GDPR
If you have consented to the processing of your data, we will process your data for the stated purposes.
Compliance with our legal obligations
, point (c) of Article 6(1) GDPR
Personal data are also collected and processed in order to comply with our legal obligations such as our duties to monitor and provide notification.
Pursuit of our legitimate interests or the interests of other controllers or third parties
, point (f) of Article 6(1) GDPR
We also process your data where necessary to pursue our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of third parties.
This includes, for example:
Enforcement of legal claims and defence in legal disputes
Prevention and investigation of criminal acts
Preservation of IT security and IT operations
Processing of your personal data for a different purpose
If we intend to process your personal data for a purpose other than the one for which the data was collected, you will be provided with all further relevant information before we process the data.
2.3. TRANSFER OF DATA TO THIRD PARTIES
Your personal data will only be transferred to third parties within the European Union (‘EU’) or to third countries where such third parties are affiliated companies of BITZER SE in the sense of Section 15 ff. of the German Stock Corporation Act (AktG), where necessary or required by law for the purposes of processing your enquiry, or where you have provided us with your consent. We may also share your personal data with our service providers inside the EU / EWR, if these service providers help us process your enquiry in line with our instructions (e.g. IT service providers).
Where personal data are transferred to a third country, please note that not all third countries have a level of data protection that is considered adequate. However, before transferring your personal data to a third country, we ensure that either the recipient of the data maintains an adequate level of data protection or you have consented to the transfer of the data.
2.4. DURATION OF STORAGE OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We will only process and store your personal data for as long as necessary to comply with our legal and contractual obligations. When the processing of the data is no longer necessary, we will erase the data without undue delay.
In particular, the processing of the data is necessary for the performance of the contract and to enforce or defend against civil claims within the relevant limitation periods. Furthermore, we must comply with storage obligations under tax law, civil law or other legal provisions that make it necessary to store your personal data. For these reasons, we reserve the right to only erase the data after the expiry of the relevant storage periods.
3. COOKIES
We and involved third parties use technically required cookies and, provided you have given us your voluntary consent by activating the appropriate checkbox, other cookies and tracking technologies on our website for the purpose of analysis and marketing.
‘Cookies’ are small text files that are stored on your device (e.g. your computer or mobile device such as a tablet or smartphone) by your Internet browser.
When you visit our website, we provide you with our cookie management tool Usercentrics Consent Management, which helps you to manage your cookie preferences and provides you with details about the personal data associated with the consent provided.
Consent can be revoked at any time with future effect.
The legal grounds for the use of cookies are provided by points (a) and (f) of Article 6(1) GDPR.
3.1. COOKIE CATEGORIES
Cookies are split into various categories. There are technically necessary (essential) and unnecessary cookies.
Essential cookies are required for the operation and functionality of a website, which also entails necessary data storage. These technically necessary cookies cannot be deactivated in our system.
You can open and view our website with the essential cookies without giving us any personal data.
Functional and marketing cookies are not technically necessary cookies. These cookies require your consent.
These tools help us tailor our website to your interests and, in doing so, improve our website for you. They gauge your user habits, using cookies to collect data specific to your end device and then analysing the data. The data specific to your end device include, for example, information on how you came to visit our website, what sections of our website you visit and the frequency and duration of your visits to those sections.
Transfer to Third Countries
This service may transfer collected data to a different country. Please note that this service may transmit data to countries outside the European Union and the European Economic Area and to countries which do not offer an adequate level of data protection. When data are transferred to the US, there is a risk that your data may be processed by US authorities for monitoring purposes, possibly without legal remedy.
Analytics tools
https://www.dynamicyield.com/privacy-policy/
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en https://www.dynamicyield.com/privacy-policy/
https://support.google.com/policies/contact/general_privacy_form
https://support.google.com/policies/answer/ 9581826?hl=en&visit_id=637503697659315711-628101596&rd=1
Erasure
If cookies were installed when you visited our website and you subsequently decide to deactivate cookies, you can erase the cookies that have already been installed.
You can erase cookies through your browser. You can also consult the help menu in your browser for more information on how to do so.
4. REGISTERING FOR MYBITZER
We provide a digital customer portal (‘myBITZER’). When you register, myBITZER provides you with access to various customer-specific content such as our product documentation and/or ePARTS, as well as our free spare parts configuration software.
The following personal data are required to register for myBITZER:
Title, first name and surname, email address, company name and country.
The following data are also stored:
IP address
Date and time of registration
5. SUBSCRIBING TO OUR NEWSLETTER
When you subscribe to the newsletter on our website, the data you provide for your subscription will only be used to send the newsletter, unless you have consented to more extensive use.
If you wish to subscribe to our newsletter, you will .be required to provide us with your email address. You can unsubscribe from the newsletter at any time by sending an email to
bitzer@bitzer.de
6. CONTACT THROUGH THE WEBSITE
If you contact us by email or through our contact form, you provide us with your personal data. We will process your data and potentially forward it to third parties if necessary in order to process your enquiry.
The following personal data are required to use the contact form:
Title, first name and surname, email address, company, country and details about your enquiry.
7. PROVISION OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
As described in section 2.2, your personal data are also collected in order to comply with statutory obligations. In this context, the provision of your personal data is required by law. In particular, Article 33(1) GDPR requires infringements of data protection to be reported to the relevant supervisory authority.
The provision of your personal data is necessary to subscribe to our newsletter, register for myBITZER or use our contact form. If you do not provide your personal data, we cannot provide you with these services.
8. SOCIAL MEDIA AND NETWORKS
We are on social media and networks. We may post links to this Privacy Policy on our various profiles. Therefore, please note that the following provisions only apply insofar as we actually have control over the processing of data in connection with these profiles. We have no control over the processing of data by the social media and networks themselves. For more information on data protection, please see the information provided by each social media channel and network.
Below you will find a list of the social media channels and networks on which we are active.
8.1. FACEBOOK
Our website uses plug-ins operated by the social network Facebook, 1601 South California Avenue, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA. These Facebook plug-ins are identifiable by the Facebook logo or the ‘Like’ button on our site.
When you visit a page of our website that contains the Facebook ‘Like’ button, your browser establishes a direct connection to the Facebook servers. The content of the plug-in is transferred by Facebook directly to your browser and embedded in the page.
The embedded plug-ins provide Facebook with the information that you have accessed the corresponding page of our website. If you are logged in to Facebook, Facebook can link the visit to your Facebook profile. If you interact with the ‘Like’ button or post a comment, the corresponding information is transmitted from your browser directly to Facebook and stored on a server.
The purpose and scope of data collection, the further processing and use of these data by Facebook, your associated rights and the setting options for protecting your privacy can be found in Facebook’s privacy policies.
If you do not want Facebook to collect data about you through our website, you will need to log out of Facebook before visiting our site.
Facebook Privacy Policy
8.2. TWITTER
Our website uses plug-ins operated by the social network Twitter, Twitter Inc., 795 Folsom St., Suite 600, San Francisco, CA 94107, USA. These Twitter plug-ins and ‘Retweet’ functions are identifiable by the Twitter logo, the ‘Tweet’ button or the ‘Follow’ button.
When you visit our website, the plug-in establishes a direct connection between your browser and the Twitter server, which informs Twitter that you have visited our site with your IP address. If you click on the Twitter ‘Tweet’ button while you are logged in to your Twitter account, you can link the content on our pages to your Twitter profile. As a result, Twitter can link the visit to our site to your user account. We would like to point out that we as the website provider do not have any knowledge concerning the content of the transmitted data and how it is used by Twitter. Further information is available in Twitter’s Privacy Policy.
If you do not want Twitter to link the visit to our website to your Twitter user account, please log out of your Twitter user account before visiting our website.
Twitter Privacy Policy
8.3. LINKEDIN
Our website uses plug-ins operated by the social network LinkedIn of LinkedIn Corporation, 2029 Stierlin Court, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA (‘LinkedIn’). The LinkedIn plug-ins are identifiable by the LinkedIn logo or the ‘Recommend’ button on our site.
When you visit our website, the plug-in establishes a direct connection between your browser and the LinkedIn server, which informs LinkedIn that you have visited our site with your IP address.
If you click on the LinkedIn ‘Recommend’ button while you are logged in to your LinkedIn account, you can link the content on our pages to your LinkedIn profile. As a result, LinkedIn can link the visit to our site to your user account.
We would like to point out that we as the website provider do not have any knowledge concerning the content of the transmitted data and how it is used by LinkedIn.
Details concerning the collection of data (purpose, scope, further processing, usage) as well as your rights and setting options can be found in the
LinkedIn Privacy Policy
8.4. XING
The XING ‘Share’ button is used on this website. When you visit this website, your browser establishes a brief connection with the XING AG (‘XING’) servers, which provide the functions of the XING ‘Share’ button (including visitor counter). XING does not save any personal information about you and your visit when you access the website. XING does not save IP addresses or use XING cookies to monitor your website behaviour in connection with the XING ‘Share’ button. Please visit the following website for the latest version of the Privacy Policy for the XING ‘Share’ button and other information:
XING Privacy Policy
8.5. YOUTUBE
We use YouTube. YouTube is an online video platform that plays audio and video files. On our website, you can view or listen to video or audio files relating to our company. In order to play the files, the YouTube player on our website uses plug-ins to connect to YouTube; data is transmitted to YouTube in the process.
Please note that we have no control over the processing of data by YouTube.
For information on data protection at YouTube, see:
YouTube privacy preferences
YouTube is operated by YouTube LLC, 901 Cherry Ave., San Bruno, CA 94066, USA, represented by: Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA.
For information on data protection at YouTube (Google), see:
YouTube
9. APPLICATIONS AND DATA PROTECTION
If you apply for a job in our company, our recruitment portal will provide you with information on how your personal data are handled as part of the application process. If you would like to receive information on data protection as part of the application process in advance, please contact us at any time. To do so, please use the contact details above.
10. YOUR RIGHTS AS A DATA SUBJECT
As a data subject, you have various rights with regard to the processing of your personal data.
If you would like to exercise these rights, please use the contact details provided in section 1. As a data subject, you have the following rights:
Under Article 15 GDPR, you can demand
confirmation
from us whether or not personal data concerning you are being processed by us and, where that is the case, access to the personal data.
Under Article 16 GDPR, you can demand the
rectification
of inaccurate personal data or the completion of incomplete personal data.
Under Article 17 GDPR, you are entitled to
the erasure (‘right to be forgotten’)
of your personal data without undue delay.
Under Article 18 GDPR, you can demand the
restriction
of the processing of your personal data.
Under Article 20 GDPR, you are entitled to
data portability
, i.e. you are entitled to receive the personal data concerning you or have the data transmitted to another controller.
You can also object to the processing of your personal data for the purposes of direct marketing at any time. In this case, your personal data will no longer be used.
Pursuant to Article 7(3) GDPR, you are entitled to withdraw consent that you have granted for the processing of your data at any time. The withdrawal of consent does not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
Under Article 77 GDPR, if you believe that the processing of your personal data is violating statutory regulations, you are entitled to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority that has jurisdiction over us. The supervisory authority that has jurisdiction over us is the State Commissioner for Data Protection and Freedom of Information for Baden-Wuerttemberg.
11. AUTOMATED DECISION-MAKING AND PROFILING
We deliberately do not use automated decision-making or profiling.
12. SAFETY
Under Article 32(1) GDPR, we and our processors have implemented suitable technical and organisational measures in order to ensure a level of security appropriate to the risk, taking into account the state of the art, the costs of implementation and the nature, scope, context and purposes of processing as well as the risk of varying likelihood and severity for the rights and freedoms of natural persons.
13. VERSION AND MODIFICATION OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy was last amended in March 2021.
Given technological developments and/or changes to statutory and/or official regulations, it might become necessary to amend or adapt this Privacy Policy. The latest version of this Privacy Policy applies.
You have not yet entered any address information in your account. Please complete your information to conclude your order.
You seem to have deactivated JavaScript in your browser. Please activate JavaScript to use the full functionality of the website.
This site uses third-party website tracking technologies to provide and continually improve our services, and to display advertisements according to users' interests. I agree and may revoke or change my consent at any time with effect for the future.