Privacy Policy
Introduction
With the following data protection declaration, we would like to inform you about the types of
                        your personal data (hereinafter, also referred to as "data") for which purposes and to what
                        extent. The data protection declaration solely applies to the website
sqlprimer.eu
(hereinafter referred to as "online offer"). The developer does not collect any data from the
                        app. See
App Store & Privacy
for the
                        App Store privacy policy by Apple.
The terms used are not gender-specific.
As of December 15, 2020
Summary of contents
Introduction
Person responsible
Overview of processing
Relevant legal bases
Security measures
Contacting
Provision of the online offer and web hosting
Deletion of data
Changing and updating the data protection
                            declaration
Rights of data subjects
Definitions of terms
Responsible
email address
: privacy [at] sqlprimer [dot] eu
Overview of processing
The following overview summarizes the types of data processed and the purposes of their
                        processing and refers to the data subjects.
App Privacy
The developer does not collect any data from the app.
Types of processing Data
Inventory data (e.g., names, addresses).
Content data (e.g., text input, photographs, videos).
Contact details (e.g., email, telephone numbers).
Meta / communication data (e.g., device information, IP addresses).
Usage data (e.g., visited websites, interest in content, access times).
Categories of data subjects
Communication partners.
Users (e.g., website visitors, users of online services).
Purposes of processing
Contact requests and communication.
Contractual services.
Relevant legal bases
In the following, we share the legal basis of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) on
                        the basis of which we process personal data. Please note that in addition to the provisions of
                        the GDPR, the national data protection regulations in your or our country of residence and
                        domicile may apply. Should more specific legal bases also apply in individual cases, we will
                        inform you of this in the data protection declaration.
Contract fulfillment and pre-contractual inquiries (Art. 6 Para. 1 S. 1 lit. b
                            GDPR)
- The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which the
                            data subject is a party or to carry out pre-contractual measures that are carried out at
                            the request of the data subject.
Legitimate interests (Art. 6 Para. 1 S. 1 lit. GDPR)
- The processing is
                            necessary to safeguard the legitimate interests of the person responsible or a third party
                            unless the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject that require the
                            protection of personal data outweigh them.
National data protection regulations in Germany
: In addition to the data
                        protection regulations of the General Data Protection Regulation, national regulations on data
                        protection in Germany apply. This includes, in particular, the law on protection against misuse
                        of
                        personal data in data processing (Federal Data Protection Act - BDSG). The BDSG contains in
                        particular special regulations on the right to information, the right to deletion, the right to
                        object, the processing of special categories of personal data, the processing for other
                        purposes,
                        and for the transmission as well as automated decision-making in individual cases including
                        profiling. Furthermore, it regulates data processing for the purposes of the employment
                        relationship (Section 26 BDSG), in particular with regard to the establishment, implementation,
                        or termination of employment relationships and the consent of employees. State data protection
                        laws of the individual federal states can also be applied.
Security measures
We take measures in accordance with the legal requirements, taking into account the state of the
                        art, implementation costs and the type, scope, circumstances, and purposes of processing as well
                        as the different probability of occurrence and the extent of the threat to the rights and
                        freedoms of natural persons, appropriate technical and organizational measures to ensure a level
                        of protection appropriate to the risk.
The measures include, in particular, ensuring the confidentiality, integrity, and availability
                        of
                        data by controlling the physical and electronic access to the data as well as the access, input,
                        transfer, securing availability, and their separation. Furthermore, we have set up procedures
                        that guarantee the exercise of data subject rights, the deletion of data, and reactions to the
                        risk to the data. We also take the protection of personal data into account when developing or
                        selecting hardware, software, and processes in accordance with the principle of data protection
                        through technology design and through data protection-friendly default settings.
Shortening the IP address
: If it is possible for us or it is not necessary to
                        save the IP address, we will shorten it or have your IP address shortened. If the IP address is
                        shortened, also known as "IP masking", the last octet, i.e., the last two digits of an IP
                        address,
                        is deleted (in this context, the IP address is an Internet connection through the online Access
                        provider individually assigned identifier). By shortening the IP address, the identification of
                        a person based on their IP address is to be prevented or made significantly more difficult.
SSL encryption (https)
: In order to protect your data transmitted via our
                        online offer, we use SSL encryption. You can recognize such encrypted connections by the prefix
                        https:// in the address line of your browser.
Contact
When contacting us (e.g., via a contact form, email, telephone, or via social media), the
                        details
                        of
                        the inquiring person are processed, insofar as this is to answer the contact inquiries and any
                        requested measures are required.
The answering of contact inquiries within the framework of contractual or pre-contractual
                        relationships takes place in order to fulfill our contractual obligations or to answer (pre)
                        contractual inquiries and on the basis of the legitimate interests in answering the
                        inquiries.
Processed data types:
inventory data (e.g., names, addresses), contact
                            details (e.g., email, telephone numbers), content data (e.g., text input, photographs,
                            videos).
Data subjects:
Communication partners.
Purposes of processing:
Contact requests and communication.
Legal basis:
Fulfillment of the contract and pre-contractual inquiries
                            (Art. 6 Para. 1 S. 1 lit. GDPR), legitimate interests (Art. 6 Para. 1 S. 1 lit. GDPR).
Provision of the online offer and web hosting
In order to be able to provide our online offer securely and efficiently, we use the services of
                        one or more web-hosting providers. The online offer can be called up from their servers (or from
                        the servers they manage). For these purposes, we can use infrastructure and platform services,
                        computing capacity, storage space, and database services as well as security and technical
                        maintenance services.
The data processed in the context of the provision of the hosting offer can include all
                        information relating to the users of our online offer that are incurred in the context of use
                        and communication. This regularly includes the IP address that is necessary in order to be able
                        to deliver the content of online offers to browsers and all entries made within our online offer
                        or on websites.
Email sending and hosting
: The web hosting services we use also include the
                        sending, receiving, and storage of emails. For these purposes, the addresses of the recipients
                        and senders, as well as further information regarding the sending of emails (e.g., the
                        providers involved) and the content of the respective emails are processed. The aforementioned
                        data can also be processed for the purpose of detecting SPAM. We ask you to note that emails are
                        generally not sent encrypted on the Internet. As a rule, emails are encrypted during transport,
                        but (unless an end-to-end encryption process is used) not on the servers from which they are
                        sent and received. We can, therefore, assume no responsibility for the transmission route of the
                        emails between the sender and the receipt on our server.
Collection of access data and log files
: We (or our web hosting
                        provider) collect data on every access to the server (so-called server log files). The server
                        log files can include the address and name of the websites and files accessed, the date and time
                        of access, the amount of data transferred, notification of successful access, browser type, and
                        version, the user's operating system, referrer URL (the previously visited page) and, as a rule,
                        IP Addresses and the requesting provider belong.
The server log files can be used on the one hand for security purposes, e.g., to avoid
                        overloading the server (especially in the case of abusive attacks, so-called DDoS attacks) and,
                        on the other hand, to ensure that the server is fully loaded and stable.
Processed data types:
content data (e.g., text input, photographs,
                            videos), usage data (e.g., visited websites, interest in content, access times),
                            meta/communication data (e.g., device information, IP addresses).
Data subjects:
users (e.g., website visitors, users of online services).
Purposes of Processing:
Contractual services.
Legal basis:
Legitimate interests (Art. 6 Para. 1 S. 1 lit. GDPR).
Services and service providers used
1&1 IONOS
Hosting platform for e-Commerce / websites
Service provider: 1&1 IONOS SE, Elgendorfer Str. 57, 56410 Montabaur, Germany
Website
Privacy Policy
1&1 IONOS WebAnalytics
Service provider: 1&1 IONOS SE, Elgendorfer Str. 57, 56410 Montabaur, Germany
Website
Privacy Policy
The data collected by 1&1 IONOS in WebAnalytics are for statistical evaluation and
                            technical optimization of their web offerings only. The following data is being
                            raised:
Referrer (previously visited website)
Requested website or file
browser type and browser version
Operating system used
Device type used
time of access
The IP address in an anonymous form (is only used to determine the location of the
                                    access used)
This data is determined either by a log file or a pixel. To protect personal data,
                            WebAnalytics does not use cookies and does not pass on data to third parties.
Data processing
To confirm the legally compliant implementation of the legal requirements for data
                            protection by IONOS Internet SE, a data processing agreement (DPA) contract was
                            concluded with 1&1 IONOS.
Deletion of data
The data processed by us will be deleted in accordance with the legal requirements as soon as
                        their consent for processing is revoked or other permits do not apply (e.g., if the purpose of
                        processing this data has ceased to apply or if it is not necessary for the purpose).
If the data is not deleted because it is required for other and legally permissible purposes,
                        its processing is restricted to these purposes. This means that the data is blocked and not
                        processed for other purposes. This applies, e.g., for data that must be kept for commercial or
                        tax reasons or whose storage is necessary to assert, exercise, or defend legal claims or to
                        protect the rights of another natural or legal person.
Further information on the deletion of personal data can also be provided in the context of the
                        individual data protection notices in this data protection declaration.
Change and update of the data protection declaration
We ask you to inform yourself regularly about the content of our data protection declaration. We
                        will adapt the data protection declaration as soon as the changes to the data processing carried
                        out by us make this necessary. We will inform you as soon as the changes make it necessary to
                        act on your part (e.g., consent) or other individual notification.
If we provide addresses and contact information of companies and organizations in this data
                        protection declaration, please note that the addresses can change over time and ask you to check
                        the information before contacting us.
Rights of data subjects
As data subjects, you have various rights under the GDPR, which arise in particular from
                        Articles 15 to 18 and 21 GDPR:
Right of objection: You have the right, for reasons that arise from your particular
                            situation, at any time against the processing of your personal data, which is based on Art.
                            6 Para. 1 lit. e or f GDPR takes place to object; this also applies to profiling based on
                            these provisions. If the personal data concerning you are processed for direct marketing
                            purposes, you have the right to object at any time to the processing of your personal data
                            for the purpose of such advertising; this also applies to profiling, insofar as it is
                            connected to such direct advertising.
Right of withdrawal for consent:
You have the right to withdraw your
                            consent at any time.
Right to information:
You have the right to request confirmation as to
                            whether the data in question are being processed and for information about this data and for
                            further information and a copy of the data in accordance with the legal requirements.
Right to correction:
In accordance with the legal requirements, you have
                            the right to request the completion of the data concerning you or the correction of
                            incorrect data concerning you.
Right to deletion and restriction of processing:
In accordance with the
                            legal requirements, you have the right to request that the data in question be deleted
                            immediately, or alternatively in accordance with the statutory provisions We asked for a
                            restriction of the processing of the data.
Right to data portability:
You have the right to have data concerning
                            you, which you have provided to us, in accordance with the legal requirements to
                            receive a structured, common, and machine-readable format or to request its transmission to
                            another person responsible.
Complaint to the supervisory authority:
You also have the right to a
                            supervisory authority in accordance with the legal requirements, in particular in the
                            Member State of your habitual residence, your place of work or the place of the alleged
                            infringement, if you believe that the processing of your personal data violates the GDPR.
Definition of terms
This section gives you an overview of the terms used in this data protection declaration. Many
                        of the terms are taken from the law and mainly defined in Art. 4 GDPR. The legal definitions are
                        binding. The following explanations, on the other hand, are intended primarily for
                        understanding. The terms are sorted alphabetically.
Personal data:
"Personal data" is all information that relates to an
                            identified or identifiable natural person (hereinafter "data subject"); A natural person is
                            considered to be identifiable, if he or she can be identified directly or indirectly, in
                            particular by assigning an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location
                            data, an online identifier (e.g., cookie) or one or more special features, expressing the
                            physical, physiological, genetic, psychological, economic, cultural or social identity of
                            this natural person.
Responsible:
The "responsible" is the natural or legal person, public
                            authority, agency, or other body, alone or together with others, about the purposes and
                            means of processing personal data decides, designates.
Processing:
"Processing" is any process carried out with or without the
                            help of automated processes or any such series of processes in connection with personal
                            data. The term goes far and includes practical Every handling of data, be it the collection,
                            the evaluation, the storage, the transmission, or the deletion.
Created with free data protection generator by Dr. Thomas
                        Schwenke
SQL Primer
Home
SQL test script
Contact
DE