React App
You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Z6_I1KCHJ42PO2CE0Q5073DJH38T7
Error:
Javascript is disabled in this browser. This page requires Javascript. Modify your browser's settings to allow Javascript to execute. See your browser's documentation for specific instructions.
{}
Z7_I1KCHJ42PO2CE0Q5073DJH3833
Privacy Policy
Last updated: Jan 2021
Etihad Etisalat Company (Mobily) believes that protecting the privacy of personal information is an important matter for everyone, It has created this privacy policy to demonstrate its commitment to protecting the privacy of its customer’s data.
Please read the following to learn more about Mobily's privacy policy, and how we deal with personal information that is collected from you to provide you with the highest levels of quality and security.
What does this privacy policy cover?
This privacy policy covers how Mobily processes personal information that is collected during your visit to the branches, your calls to customer care service, or while using or registering on any website or application owned by Mobily on the internet or during your interaction with any of our content or advertisements on social media.
Collection and use of personal information
Personal information means the information that the customer provides to Mobily, through which the user can be identified specifically, or made directly or indirectly identifiable, including, but is not limited to, names, personal identification numbers, addresses, and contact numbers, license numbers, records and personal property, bank account numbers and credit cards, static or animated user images, and other personal data.
You can visit Mobily website without disclosing any personal information. However, Mobily may need some personal information, to be able to serve you better. Including, but not limited to, your computer address, your browser type, its version, any additional components of the browser you use, what device and operating system you use, settings The timing of your region, or any details of your visit to any of our websites. Noting that a minimum of this information is collected, if you want to benefit from support and assistance, or use some Mobily services.
When needed, Mobily is committed not to use this information for other than the disclosed purposes, noting that it are kept for specific periods that do not exceed the purposes for which it was collected. This information may include your personal contact information. The company will use this information to respond to your inquiries, to provide you with required products and services, and to contact you regarding new products and services. As a Mobily customer, you have the right to access, update and correct your personal data, or obtain an electronic copy of it - for example and not limited to - through Mobily's website., by accessing Mobily's services and providing us with the required personal information voluntarily, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this privacy policy.
Collection and use of non-personal information
Non-Personal Information means technical or  related information that is not personally identifiable, including, but not limited to, the operating system type and version, data collected from an IP address, ad tag, cookie, or by any other means.
Mobily automatically receives non-personal information and records it, including the IP address, cookie information, your local language, and the page you requested.  This may be used by Mobily in order to customize the content it deems appropriate to meet your requests for some products and services.  However, Mobily does not link this non-personal data to any personal information collected from you.  Mobily also uses tools provided by third parties to collect general statistical information about our applications and websites.  The purpose of collecting this general information is to help us know the quality and current state of our services that we provide to you.
The tools we use to collect non-personal information:
Google Analytics
New Relic
Google Tag Manager
Google Firebase
Information exchange and disclosure
Mobily does not sell, exchange, or transfer your personal information to outside parties.  This except any trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or providing services to you, as long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential.  We reserve the right to disclose your private information upon any judicial request if such disclosure is permitted in accordance with the laws and regulations in force in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.
Consent
By reading this policy, it is your consent to collect, use or disclose your personal information as outlined in this policy, if you do not agree, please do not provide any personal information to Mobily. If you have provided personal information to Mobily and no longer desire to agree to the Privacy Policy, please contact us at 1100. Also, in the case that your previously provided data was changed, such as the national address or contact information, or the identity renewal or update, please inform us to take the necessary action, and not updating your data during the statutory period gives Mobily the right to suspend/stop data processing per the Telecommunications Act.
Information Security
Data transmission over the Internet cannot be considered completely secure.  However, the information provided is protected with the highest standards of privacy and security. In all our websites and applications, as specified SSL encryption standards are used to protect data traffic.  We protect your personal information from unauthorized access by means of access control measures and physical security measures.  In addition, Mobily retains your personal information only as long as it is necessary to achieve the purposes specified above or as required by law.
Changes to the privacy policy
Mobily is keen to protect its customer’s data and continues to provide them with the best experience, it reserves its right at any time, and at its discretion, to amend and update this policy from time to time.  When the update is completed, Mobily will notify its customers. In addition, to placing the "last updated" date at the top of this page. Please review this policy periodically. Knowing that your continued use of the website or application after any of these modifications means your acceptance of them.
Complementary Content
${title}
${badge}
${loading}