How can we help you?
▸
Helpdesk
▸
Privacy Notice
Menu
← Helpdesk
Privacy Notice
Your personal data and your rights
You have the right to your personal data and it is important to us that you can easily have control of it. Below you can read about what we do to ensure this and how you can exercise your rights. You can find more detailed information via the link Privacy Notice below.
The data we process and how we do that
We only process the data necessary to provide a taxi service that is as correct, smooth and safe as possible. The legal basis for processing your personal data is agreement, legitimate interests or,  when clearly stated, consent.
We use the following principles in order to protect your privacy
• We do not collect more information than necessary
• We do not use data for purposes other than those specified
• We do not keep your data longer than needed
Exercising your rights
The GDPR regulation was put into effect May 25 2018 and according to the regulation you have the rights in respect to your personal data and how they are processed by us.
User profile – Given that you have a user profile you can exercise your right through self-service using the app or web booking. The self-service gives you access to view your bookings, change or remove you profile (the right to be forgot). The right to be forgot is only possible if there is no further need to process the personal data. If we need the personal data to fulfill a contract with you or if we a legally bind to store the personal data we are not able to erase the personal data.
Form –
Use this form
or visit our website, www.taxistockholm.se to send us your requests. Feedback on your request is possible when we can safely identify you and safeguard the rights of other data registered.
Contact us
You are always welcome to contact us regarding your rights or if you have questions about our personal data processing, gdpr@taxistockholm.se or GDPR, Box 6576, 113 83 Stockholm
If you are not content with the feedback you receive from us, you have the right to
leave a complaint
to the supervisory authority.
Privacy notice
← Helpdesk