About us
Our Games
Jobs
Contact Us
Creating amazing games together
We are the mobile games developer and publisher.
Having fun while creating great games – this is exactly what we do.
The small and energetic team, where everybody's opinion counts.
And the barbecue on the roof
About Us
We believe in small teams with high impact. Passionate about gaming and making video games for 20+ years. Headquartered in sunny Newport Beach, CA and development offices in Kyiv, Ukraine.
Nowadays our games have 200+ million downloads combined
Vast experience, different genres, different audiences, all platforms
Flat structure. Everybody's opinion counts
Great atmosphere and work-life balance. And the barbecue on the roof
Some Facts
24 Years
In the video games industry
15 Games
Released worldwide
200+ millions
Downloads combined
Location
Headquartered in Newport Beach, CA. Development studios in Nicosia, Cyprus and Kyiv, Ukraine.
Our Games
Ball Sort Puzzle
Ball Sort Puzzle is a fun, relaxing and addictive color sorting game.
Sort the colored balls in the tubes until all the same colors are placed together in the same tube. A challenging yet relaxing game to exercise your brain! Sorting the colored balls may relieve the stress and distract from daily worries.
Ball Sort Puzzle - Color Sort Game
Play Ball Sort for free
Ball Sort is available for free on the App Store and Google Play.
Start today!
Block King - Brain Puzzle Game
An addictive puzzle amusement that awakens the brain!
Block King has two game modes where you have to manipulate simple shaped figures to win. Complete the mission with no time limit for all types of players! Try Sort or Shapes puzzles with classic gameplay so it will help you relax in your free time.
Block King - Brain Puzzle Game
Play Block King for free
Block King is available for free on the App Store and Google Play.
Start today!
My Gym: Fitness Studio Manager
Become a world-famous fitpreneur without even breaking a sweat! Welcome to a highly addictive fitness lifestyle simulation game where you are the personal trainer, manager, and designer of your own fitness empire.
Start by opening a boutique fitness studio and expand your gym through training both regular clients and professional athletes, opening up a juice bar, redesigning with new décor and upgrading your gym how you see FIT!
My Gym: Fitness Studio Manager
Build your fitness city
Play My Gym for free
My Gym is available for free on the App Store and Google Play.
Start today!
Card Match
Card Match is a challenging and original matching game! Don't get scared away. It's very easy to learn how to play for everyone!
So get ready for a new, original and challenging Card-match game is a combination of the world's most popular games - TriPeaks Solitaire and Mahjong!
Find the matching cards on the gameboard and connect the pair. Collect and remove all cards to complete the level. Use boosters and become a matching expert level by level. Plus, it's totally free to play!
Card Match
Match card and connect all pairs
Play Card Match for free
Card Match is available for free on the App Store and Google Play.
Start today!
Carnivores: The Dinosaur Hunter
The most exciting hunting journey starts now!
The only game which lets you see amazing predatory dinosaurs in action and challenge them for ultimate survival!
Carnivores: Dinosaur Hunter is a hunting simulation that is completely true to life and totally breathtaking. You land on a distant planet inhabited by dinosaurs and progress from a shy wildlife observer to a stealthy and ruthless T-Rex hunter. All dinosaurs are in full 3D complete with their terrifying roars!
Carnivores: The Dinosaur Hunter
Play Carnivores for free
Carnivores is available for free on the App Store and Google Play.
Start today!
Other games
Dream Gym: Build your own fitness empire
Build your own gym from scratch and get an enjoyable experience of making it grow into a huge fitness hall full of happy customers. Be your own boss, trainer, manager and decor stylist. Give your clients the right work-out and get paid for that. Watch your characters' body shape change advancing level by level.
Carnivores: Dinosaur Hunter Pro
Carnivores: Dinosaur Hunter is a hunting simulation that is completely true to life and totally breathtaking. You land on a distant planet inhabited by dinosaurs and progress from a shy wildlife observer to a stealthy and ruthless T-Rex hunter. All dinosaurs are in full 3D complete with their terrifying roars!
Carnivores: Ice Age
Carnivores: Ice Age is a hunting simulation that is completely true to life and totally breathtaking. You land on a distant planet inhabited by Ice Age creatures like mammoths, smilodons and giant bears and progress from a shy wildlife observer to a stealthy and ruthless Yeti hunter. All animals are in full 3D complete with their terrifying roars
Hit The Roof
Hit the Roof is super fun and easy to play game. One-tap and easy-to-learn controls, rich visual effects, and addictive gameplay.
Who's stronger, your Helmet or the Roof? Let's check this out.
And many smaller ones
Jobs
Interested in career opportunities? Want to join the young and energetic team?
Check the list of open positions
Jobs
Contact Us
E-mail:
support at tatemgames.com
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy