Resco
Privacy Notice
As of May 25, 2018, Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC (General Data Protection Regulations, herein referred as the “
GDPR
”), has become applicable.
We fully respect your privacy; therefore, we want to give you information on how your personal data are being collected, used, shared, and transferred (“processed”).
This RESCO Privacy Notice is for the visitors of our website(s), the users of free trial versions of our products and/or our services, the subscribers to our newsletters and other representatives of our business partners and customers.
Who are we and how to contact us
When we use “we” or “our” in this RESCO Privacy Notice, it refers to RESCO spol. s r.o., Mlynské nivy 5, 821 09 Bratislava, Slovakia, ID No.: 35 768 916, registered with the Commercial Register of Bratislava I, Section: Sro, File No.: 19281/B, as the data controller.
When we process your personal data for our own purposes and by the means determined by us, we are in the position of data controller according to the GDPR.
If you have any questions related to the processing of your personal data, you can contact our data protection officer at
privacy@resco.net
.
What are the purposes and legal bases for processing your personal data?
Legitimate interests
We use our legitimate interest as a legal base when we process your personal data for sending you our newsletters in cases where you use some of our products and/or services and you are either a representative of our business partner or customer. It is our legitimate interest that we keep you updated on what we are currently working on and to regularly inform you about updates or our products and/or services.
Our legitimate interest is also the legal base for processing your personal data when you download free trial versions of our products. Providing us with this basic information about you will allow us to help you during the process of using the trial versions.
We also use legitimate interest as the legal base when we are collecting your personal data via CCTV when you are entering and using our office premises
Consent
When you subscribe to our newsletter without using any of our products and/or services, we use consent as a legal base for this type of processing your personal data.
Performance of contract
We use performance of contract as a legal base for processing of personal data in order to enter into contractual arrangement(s) with you. Without processing of your personal data, we would not be able to provide you with our services and/or products you ordered.
Legal obligation
We also process your personal data when it is necessary to comply with the legal obligation(s) to which we are subject.
Purposes of processing
Our purposes of processing your personal data are:
to enable you to download our free trial or to book a customized demo
to provide you with our products and/or our services
to communicate you our latest updates and news via our newsletters
to invite you to our webinar(s) and/or conferences organized by us
to deliver you our products and/or services you ordered
How do we collect and process your personal data?
Downloading free trial versions
In order to download the free trial versions of our products, we ask you to submit your first and last name, company name, phone number, business email and your country. We understand that by downloading the trial versions you express your interest in our services. We use the personal data you submit to maximize your experience with our products.
Receiving our newsletters
We use your e-mail to keep you updated about what is new in our company and also about all new products and/ or services we are working on. We add you to our newsletters list either when you when you sign up for receiving the newsletters or when we enter into contractual arrangement with you as our partner or customer. Please note that you can unsubscribe at any time.
Contracts conclusion
Personal data you provide in order to enter into any contract with us are necessary to validly conclude the contract with you or the company on behalf of which you act.
Cookies
Our website collects several types of cookies for different purposes and use different legal basis for collecting them. Further information can be found at
https://www.resco.net/cookie-notice/
.
When and how do we share your personal data?
We use the Hubspot solution for sending out our marketing emails and newsletters. In processing your personal data for this purpose Hubspot acts as the data processor.
If you want to learn more about the manner your personal data are being processed on our behalf by Hubspot, click here
HubSpot Privacy Policy
.
For how long do we keep your personal data?
When we process your personal data for the purposes of sending you our newsletters, we will keep you on our newsletter list for 4 years after you submitted your contact details, or we signed a contract with you/company you are representing if you do not unsubscribe before the end of this period.
Contracts, including personal data, are stored for 5 years after contract fulfilment in case we need to pursue our legal claims.
In order to our accounting and tax obligations according to applicable law we keep your personal data for 10 years as of the issuance of tax/accounting documents.
As regards personal data collected via CCTV, those are being deleted after 72 hours as of the recording day.
Do we transfer your personal data outside the EU?
We only transfer your personal data outside the EU when we use the US based Google Analytics provided by Google LLC company for analytics of our webpage.
If you want to learn more about on the legal instruments of data transfer by Google Analytics click here:
https://policies.google.com/privacy/frameworks?hl=en-US
.
What rights do you have?
Right of access
You have a right to obtain a confirmation, whether we process your personal data and a right to access your personal data.
Right to rectification
You have a right to rectification if we process inaccurate or otherwise incomplete personal data concerning you.
Right to erasure (right to be forgotten)
You have a right to erasure of your personal data if the conditions set out in the GDPR are met.
Right to restriction
You have a right to obtain restriction of processing of your personal data if the conditions set out in the GDPR are met.
Right to object
When we process your personal data based on our legitimate interest, you have a right to object to this processing. You can exercise this right with regards to receiving our emails and newsletters by simply clicking on the unsubscribe link at the footer of the e-mail, or by sending an e-mail to
news@resco.net
Right to data portability
Under certain conditions stipulated by GDPR you have a right to transmit your personal data to another controller
Right to withdraw consent
When the processing is based on your consent, you have a right to withdraw it at any time. This, however, does not affect the lawfulness of your personal data processing before your withdrawal.
If you wish to exercise any of the above mentioned rights, you can contact us at
privacy@resco.net
.
Right to lodge a complaint
You have the right to lodge a complaint to the supervisory authority, which is in Slovakia the Office for Personal Data Protection of the Slovak Republic, contacted via
statny.dozor@pdp.gov.sk
.
Processing personal data as data processor and another data processor
Once you or the company you are representing become our customer and use Resco Mobil CRM together with Resco Cloud, you are considered as the data controller with regards to the personal data you put into Resco Cloud, and we act as the data processor.
However, we make sure that during the whole time while you use our services your personal data is safe. If you would like to learn more about the security, click here
https://www.resco.net/resco-mobile-crm-security-guide/
or here
https://www.resco.net/app/uploads/RescoMobileCRM-Security.pdf
.
Also, to make sure we meet the GDPR requirements, for all our customers we provide GDPR compliant Data Protection Addendum.
If you use our products along with some Microsoft products, we only act as another data processor. To find out more how is your personal data processed by Microsoft, please visit:
https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/trust-center/privacy
.
Adopted on 25 May 2016, latest update as of June 2022.