Please select the reason for your contacting us
Suggest improvement or new functionality
Inform about technical functionallity / error in page
Found error in the text (Chinese, Translation, English)
I'd like to ask a question
Want to delete my account with trainchinese
Please tell us your feedback as clearly as possible
Close
Send
English
Create an account
Sign in
×
Close
This website uses cookies.
By using the site you agree to the use of cookies.
Find out more
or
agree
.
Home
Vocab lists
Apps
Q & A
Settings
Search dictionary
Search
Please
Sign in
or
Register now!
to get more content and less ads.
Privacy policy from Trainchinese BV applicable to the www.trainchinese.com website and to the trainchinese apps
(The apps are: Trainchinese Chinese Dictionary and Flash Cards, Chinese Number Trainer, Chinese Audio Trainer, Chinese Pinyin Trainer, Chinese Writer, Chinese Challenges)
Trainchinese BV, is committed to protecting the privacy of the users of trainchinese.com. The following outlines our privacy and data protection policy. This privacy policy tells you about our online collection and use of data. We feel it is important that you fully understand the terms and conditions under which we use the information we gather from you through the use of our Web site located at www.trainchinese.com and trough our applications fro different kind of platforms (like Android, iOS, Java).
Third party partners of trainchinese.com and other websites you may access via trainchinese.com have different privacy policies and are not subject to this privacy policy. We recommend that you read the privacy statement of each such website to find out how they protect your personal information.
Collection and Use of User Information
When you register at trainchinese, we collect personal details about you to create an account.
Your e-mail address is collected via our registration form, while other personal data such as name, country of residence, other languages you speak, level of Chinese etc. is voluntary information collected in separate forms. 
            When you visit the site, we also collect web site usage information and information about your computer and internet connection, the type and version of browser and operating system you use, if you arrived at trainchinese.com via a link from another website, the URL of the linking page. 
            We use this information to ensure, as far as is practical, that our site is compatible with the browsers and operating systems used by most of our visitors and to improve the customer experience. 
            Additionally we keep detailed information on your training activities particularly words, phrases you are learning or have learned. This information is kept in such a way that it can only be accessed by you (identified by your username/email address and password). 
            We may use above mentioned information for in-house research to improve our understanding of customer needs in developing trainchinese.
With your account, we keep detailed information on the vocabulary you decided to learn and your training activities particularly words, phrases you are learning or have learned. 
    This information is also synchronized between our apps and our server so that you always have access to your newest data set.
When you enter your trainchinese account data into one of our apps, then the data is transmitted using secure connections (SSL) to our servers for verification. 
        Depending on the type of app once your identity has been verified some of your training information will be made accessible to the app.
Your personal information is kept on our servers in such a way that it can only be accessed by you (identified by your username/email address and password). 
    We have appropriate measures in place to ensure that users' personal details are not misused, accidentally destroyed, lost or altered within our server environment.
Cookies
trainchinese uses cookies to save some data in your browser when you are using the site. For more details please see our
cookie policy
E-mails
trainchinese does send newsletters and other information to inform you of new products or services or other information that may be of interest. If you do not wish to receive such communications, you may follow the unsubscribe instructions included within each of these email communications.
Device and app version
On our server, we keep record of the app versions for the apps where you included your trainchinese account data. 
We use your device information to create an anonymous token that identifies the device. 
We need this information in case you use several devices to know which one is being synchronized and also to be able to check this data in case that you report problems.
Updating Customer Details
It is important to us that we have your correct contact information so that you don't miss out on further correspondence or experience problems with the delivery of products.
Use of camera of device
The OCR (Optical Character Recognition) enables the Trainchinese Dictionary and flashcards app to read texts from pictures. 
Pictures may be taken using the camera or by selecting form existing photographs on the device. 
Those pictures are only processed locally on the device and are not sent to any website or server.
Use of microphone of PC or device
In case you select to record speech for searches or other functionalities of the app, the microphone will be activated for a couple of seconds. 
    The recognition of speech is not processed locally and the corresponding audio will be sent over the internet to either Apple or Google 
    depending on the device/browser you are using.
Electronic Payment System
Trainchinese BV is engaging the services of third parties to process payments using your credit card information on our behalf. These companies keep your credit card information confidential and protect your credit card information through the use of industry-standard Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption technology. We do not have access of your credit card data as this is processed and stored exclusively by such third parties.
Sharing of personal information
We do not sell, trade or rent your Personally Identifiable Information collected on our site to others.
Deleting personal information
On simple request, we will delete your trainchinese account and your associated data stored on our servers. That data cannot be recovered. 
Your public contributions to Word discussions and/or Q&A will survive deletion and will keep the reference to you trainchinese user name.
Children and Parental Consent
Trainchinese BV does not seek to collect any information from or engage in any transactions with persons under the age of 13. Our policy is to request that minors (the legal age of majority and therefore the age of minors is determined by local law where you reside) do not make purchases or engage in other legal acts on our services without the consent of a parent or legal guardian. To register for our services a valid email adress has to be provided.
Advertisements
Trainchinese.com does show advertisements using Google Adds. Please check
The privacy statements from Google
.
For apps, we have instructed Google not to show personalized advertisements on our apps in the European Economic Area.
Crashlytics
Most of the apps provided by Trainchinese BV make use of Crashlytics, a business division of Google Inc., 
(herein referred to as “Crashlytics”) that offers a suite of services to provide mobile application developers with information 
about the functioning of publicly released and beta versions of their mobile applications. The information collected by the Services is used 
to provide Developers with insight into the functionality of and engagement with their applications, including any problems that occur.
The Services automatically collect certain information that does not personally identify End Users who access or use mobile applications 
that use the Services. This information includes, but is not limited to, device state information, unique device identifiers, device hardware and OS information, 
information relating to how an application functions, and the physical location of a device at the time of a crash.
A detailed description of the privacy policy by Crashlytics can be found at: http://try.crashlytics.com/terms/
Google Analytics
The trainchinese.com website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google. The way Google analytics works is described
here
For the trainchinese.com website you can disable the collection of data
Disable Google Analytics
Changes to this statement
Due to changes in legislation and best practice or enhancements to functionality and content on trainchinese.com we may make changes to our privacy policy and will reflect those changes in this statement, so you should check here from time to time.