Skip to Search
Skip to Main Content
Click to view our
Accessibility Statement
Skip to Footer
Home
Security & Privacy
Privacy Policy
CUSTOMER CARE
Contact Us
Payment
FAQs
Shipping & Delivery
Returns
Size Guide
Gift REVOLVE
Why REVOLVE
Provide Feedback
By phone
IRELAND: 180-065-5048
INTL: +1-562-926-5672
By email
service@revolve.com
View International Email List
Opens in a modal window
CHAT
Let's Chat
Unavailable
(ENGLISH ONLY)
Last Updated: 08/22/2023
We know that you care how information about you is used and disclosed, and we appreciate your trust. This Privacy Policy explains how Revolve Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries, including, Eminent, Inc. (dba Revolve Clothing and also dba superdown), FWRD, LLC, and Alliance Apparel Group, Inc. (collectively, "we," "us" or "our") collect, use and disclose information about you when you use our websites, networks, applications, mobile applications, online services, and other services provided by us ("Services") or otherwise interact with us.
If you are a California resident, please see the  "
Note to California Residents
" section below.
What information do we collect about customers?
Information That You Provide
Registration and Profile Information.
When you create an account, place an order, or request stylist appointments, we ask you for your name, email address, phone number, payment information, billing and shipping address, demographic information, and other information you choose to provide.
Payment Information.
When you make a purchase, we will collect that payment card information. Depending on your chosen payment option, we may use a third-party service provider that handles payments for us and will receive your payment card information.
Communications.
If you contact us directly, we may receive additional information about you. For example, when you contact our Customer Service team, we will receive your name, email address, phone number, the contents of a message or attachments that you may send us, and other information you may choose to provide. We may also record your calls with our Customer Service team to handle your inquiry and for training, research and product development purposes.
Other Information You Chose to Provide.
We collect other information you provide us. For example, when you use a virtual try on feature, we collect and process data from the images you provide through our service provider yRuler, including data that could be construed as a scan of your hand or face geometry. We collect and process this data for the purposes of assisting you in virtually trying on jewelry, sharing with others the images of you virtually trying on jewelry, and deciding whether to complete a purchase. yRuler stores this data on behalf of Revolve for up to thirty (30) days after you submitted an image for this feature. After thirty (30) days, this data is destroyed, unless we or yRuler are otherwise required by law or legal process to retain the data.
Information we collect when you use our service
Location Information.
When you use our Services, we receive your general location information (for example, your internet protocol ("IP") address may indicate your more general geographic region).
Device Information.
We receive information about the device and software you use to access our Services, including IP address, web browser type, operating system version, phone carrier and manufacturer, application installations, device identifiers, mobile advertising identifiers, and push notification tokens.
Usage Information.
To help us understand how you use our Services and to help us improve them, we automatically receive information about your interactions with our Services, like the pages or other content you view, the searches you conduct, purchases you make, and the dates and times of your visits.
Information from Cookies and Similar Technologies.
We and third-party partners collect information using cookies, pixel tags, or similar technologies. For example, we may use pixel tags to recognize and alert you, if you leave items in your shopping cart. Our third-party partners, such as analytics and advertising partners, may use these technologies to collect information about your online activities over time and across different services. Cookies are small text files containing a string of alphanumeric characters. We may use both session cookies and persistent cookies. A session cookie disappears after you close your browser. A persistent cookie remains after you close your browser and may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to our Services. Please review your web browser's "Help" file to learn the proper way to modify your cookie settings. Please note that if you delete or choose not to accept cookies from the Service, you may not be able to utilize the features of the Service to their fullest potential. For more details on our use of Cookies, and how to disable them, please see our
Cookie Policy
.
User Feedback.
We receive information about ratings and reviews that you post when you use our Services.
Information We Infer
We may derive information or draw inferences about you based on information we collect about you. For example, based on your browsing or purchasing activities, we may infer your purchasing preferences, and based on your IP address, we may infer your approximate location.
Information we receive from third parties
Information from third party services.
If you choose to link our Services to a third-party account, we may receive information about you, including your profile information, and your use of the third-party account. If you wish to limit the information available to us, you should visit the privacy settings of your third-party accounts to learn about your options.
Other third parties.
We may receive additional information about you, such as demographic data, from third parties such as data or marketing partners and combine it with other information we have about you.
How do we use the information we collect?
To process and deliver purchases, returns, and backorders.
To send you security alerts, shipping notifications, and other administrative messages, to provide customer support, and for marketing purposes, such as to send you information about products, promotions, surveys, news, and events that we think may interest you.
To customize our Services and product offerings to present you with tailored content, such as (i) remembering your information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit our website(s); (ii) provide customized advertisements, content, and information; (iii) monitor and analyze the effectiveness of our Services and third-party marketing activities; (iv) monitor aggregate site usage metrics such as total number of visitors and pages viewed; and (v) track your entries, submissions, and status in any promotions or other activities on our website(s);
To monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities, and improve our Services and product offerings;
To provide, maintain, and improve our products and Services, including customer service, including to create and manage an account on our Services;
To record purchases that you have made through our Services;
To allow you to post comments and communicate with us through our Services, including on our social media pages;
To facilitate the connection of third-party services or applications, such as social networks;
To facilitate transactions and payments;
To protect against fraud and unauthorized transactions, including by identifying potential unauthorized users and/or hackers; and
For compliance purposes, including enforcing our Terms Of Service or other legal rights, or as may be required by applicable laws and regulations or requested by any judicial process or governmental agency.
How do we disclose customer information?
Affiliates and subsidiaries
We may disclose your information with our affiliates and subsidiaries for any of the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
Vendors and Service Providers.
We may disclose any information we receive with vendors and service providers retained in connection with the provision of our Services.
Third Party App Integrations.
If you connect a third-party application to our Services, we may disclose information with that third party.
Analytics Partners
We use analytics services such as Google Analytics to collect and process certain analytics data. These services may also collect information about your use of other websites, apps, and online resources. You can learn about Google's practices by going to
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
(opens in a new tab)
, and opt-out of them by downloading the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on, available at
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
(opens in a new tab)
.
Advertising Partners.
We work with third party advertising partners to show you ads that we think may interest you. These advertising partners may set and access their own cookies, pixel tags and similar technologies on our Services and they may otherwise collect or have access to information about you which they may collect over time and across different websites and online services. For more information about interest-based ads, and to learn about options for opting out of having your web browsing information used for behavioral advertising purposes, please visit
www.aboutads.info/choices
(opens in a new tab)
or, if you are in the EU,
www.youronlinechoices.eu/
(opens in a new tab)
. You can also access any settings offered by your mobile operating system to limit ad tracking, or you can install the AppChoices mobile app to learn more about how you may opt out of personalized ads in mobile apps. Some of the activities described in this section may constitute “targeted advertising,” “sharing,” or “selling” under certain laws. To learn more about the choices available to you with respect to these practices, see below section titled “Opting out of Targeted Advertising, Sharing and Sales.”
Aggregated or De-identified Form.
We may make certain automatically-collected, aggregated, or otherwise de-identified information available to third parties for various purposes, including (i) compliance with various reporting obligations; (ii) for business or marketing purposes; or (iii) to assist such parties in understanding our users' interests, habits, and usage patterns for certain programs, content, services, advertisements, promotions, and/or functionality available through the Service. If we create any de-identified data and intend to treat it as non-personal data under US state privacy laws, we will maintain and use the information in de-identified form and not attempt to re-identify the information, except as permitted by law.
As Required By Law and Similar Disclosures.
We may access, preserve, and disclose your information if we believe doing so is required or appropriate to: (i) comply with law enforcement requests and legal process, such as a court order or subpoena or other lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements; (ii) respond to your requests; or (iii) protect your, our, or others' rights, property, or safety. For the avoidance of doubt, the disclosure of your information may occur if you post any objectionable content on or through the Services.
Merger, Sale, or Other Asset Transfers.
We may transfer your information to service providers, advisors, potential transactional partners, or other third parties in connection with the consideration, negotiation, or completion of a corporate transaction in which we are acquired by or merged with another company or we sell, liquidate, or transfer all or a portion of our assets. The use of your information following any of these events will be governed by the provisions of this Privacy Policy in effect at the time the applicable information was collected.
Consent.
We may also disclose your information with your permission or at your direction.
Your Privacy Rights and Choices
Baseline Rights
Depending on your jurisdiction and subject to certain limitations, you have the following rights with respect to the personal information we process about you:
Request a copy of the personal information Revolve holds about you (including as necessary to support your right of data portability),
Request to know information about the categories of personal information we process about you,
Request that Revolve correct your data,
Request that your data be deleted, and
Withdraw consent for any processing where we have requested your consent.
If you would like to exercise any of these rights, you may submit your request at
https://preferences.revolve.com/privacy
(opens in a new tab)
. If we deny your request, you may appeal our decision by contacting us at
privacy@revolve.com
(please put “APPEAL” in your subject line). If you have concerns about the results of an appeal, you may contact the attorney general in the state where you reside.
Opt out of targeted advertising, sharing, and sales
As described in the Advertising Partners section above, we engage third parties to help serve you targeted advertisements on other properties. Some of these activities may be considered "sales" or "sharing" of your personal information or "targeted advertising" under certain privacy laws. We may also share your email address to help us perform targeted advertising on other platforms.
You have the right to opt-out of targeted advertising, sharing, and sales of your personal information by using the following link:
Privacy Choices
(opens in a new tab)
or you may opt out of cookie-based disclosures by visiting our Services with a legally-recognized opt-out preference signal enabled (such as the Global Privacy Control).
Account Information.
You may manage and update your information or close your account by emailing us at
privacy@revolve.com
.
Marketing Communications.
If you would prefer not to receive marketing emails sent by one of our brands, simply click on the unsubscribe link included at the bottom of any of those emails. If you opt out of receiving marketing emails, we may still send you other types of messages, such as purchase receipts, information about shipments, or emails about your account.
Please review our
Text Messaging Program Terms & Conditions
for more information about managing text messages received from one of our brands.
International
The information we collect about you may be transferred to, and accessed from within, the United States and other countries, as permitted by applicable law. These other countries may not offer the same level of data protection as your home jurisdiction. We will take steps to maintain an adequate level of protection for this information in the jurisdictions in which we process it. If you are in the European Economic Area ("EEA"), Switzerland, or the United Kingdom (“UK”), please see the "Note to Individuals in the EEA, UK and Switzerland" section below.
Children's privacy
We do not knowingly collect, maintain, or use personal information from children under 16 years of age, and no part of our Services are directed to children. If you learn that a child has provided us with personal information in violation of this Privacy Policy, then you may alert us at
privacy@revolve.com
.
Data security
We use certain safeguards that are intended to secure Personal Information that we process in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Unfortunately, the Internet cannot be guaranteed to be 100% secure, and we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you provide to us.
Contact information
Eminent, Inc. is the entity responsible for the processing of your information as described in this Privacy Policy. If you would like to exercise your rights please submit your request at
https://preferences.revolve.com/privacy
or by email at
privacy@revolve.com
. If you have any concern about our privacy practices, our use and disclosure practices, or your consent choices please contact us by email at
privacy@revolve.com
Revolve Group, Inc.
Attn: Legal Department
12889 Moore Street
Cerritos, CA 90703
Phone: 1-888-442-5830 International: +1-562-926-5672
If you are in the EU, you may also contact our representative at:
Bird & Bird GDPR Representative Services SRL
1050 Bruxelles
Belgium
EUrepresentative.revolve@twobirds.com
Notice of changes
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of the policy and, in some cases, we may provide you with additional notice (such as adding a statement to our homepage or sending you a notification). We encourage you to review the Privacy Policy whenever you access the Services or otherwise interact with us to stay informed about our information practices and the choices available to you.
Note to California residents
This section provides details about rights afforded to California residents under the California Consumer Privacy Act (or "CCPA"), and supplemental details about the personal information we collect about California residents.
In the last 12 months, we collected the following categories of personal information: identifiers (such as name, contact information and device identifiers); commercial information (such as items purchased); internet or other network activity information (such as browsing behavior and other usage data); approximate location data; inferences (such as purchasing preferences and approximate location); demographic data (such as gender); audio, electronic, visual or similar information (such as customer support call information); and other personal information (such as product feedback or payment method information). For more details about the personal information we collect, including the categories of sources, please see the
What Information Do We Collect About Customers
section above. We disclose this information for the business and commercial purposes described in the
How Do We Use the Information We Collect
section above. We disclose this information with the categories of recipients described in the
How Do We Disclose Information
section above. Further details on our disclosures are provided below:
Subject to certain limitations, the CCPA provides California residents the right to request to know more about the categories or specific pieces of personal information we collect, use, disclose, "share" and "sell", to request to delete their personal information, to opt out of any "sales" or "sharing" that may be occurring, to limit certain uses of sensitive personal information, and to not be discriminated against for exercising these rights.
We do use third-party cookies and related technologies to send targeted ads, and this may be deemed a "sale" under the CCPA. Based on that interpretation, in the preceding 12 months, we have “sold” and "shared" the following categories of personal information to the following categories of third parties:
To opt-out of these "sharing" and "sales," use the following link:
Privacy Choices
(opens in a new tab)
. We do not knowingly sell personal information about consumers under the age of 16. You can also opt out of cookie-based “sharing” or “sales” activities by visiting our Services with a legally-recognized universal choice signal enabled (such as the Global Privacy Control). Please note that, depending on which legally-recognized opt-out preference signal you use, our processing of the signal may be limited to the specific browser or device that you are using. You may need to renew your opt-out choice if you use a different browser or device to access our Services, or if you clear your cookies.
California residents, and authorized agents on their behalf, may request access to, correction of, or deletion of their personal information by submitting their requests at
https://preferences.revolve.com/privacy
or by emailing us at
privacy@revolve.com
. We will verify your request by asking you to provide information that matches information we have on file about you, such as your name, email address, order history, etc. You can also designate an authorized agent to exercise these rights on their behalf, but we will require proof that the person is authorized to act on your behalf and may also still ask you to verify your identity with us directly. We do not knowingly collect sensitive personal information.  However, any of this information that you voluntarily provide will not be processed for a purpose other than as permitted by the law without right to limit.
Notice of Financial Incentives:
We offer various financial incentives from time to time. For example, we may provide discounts, coupons, or other benefits to customers who sign up to receive our marketing emails or text messages. When you participate in a financial incentive, we collect personal information from you, such as identifiers (like your email address or phone number) and commercial information (like your purchase preferences and interests or purchase history). You can opt into a financial incentive by following the sign-up or participation instructions provided, and, for any ongoing benefits, you have the ability to opt-out at any time, such as by following the unsubscribe instructions in our promotional emails and text messages or contacting us at
sales@revolve.com
.  In some cases, we may provide additional terms and conditions for a financial incentive, which we will provide to you when you sign up. The value of your personal information is reasonably related to the value of the offer or discount presented to you.
Data Retention
We store the information we collect about you for as long as is necessary for the purposes for which we originally collected it. We may retain certain information for legitimate business purposes or as required by law. When determining the retention period, we take into account various criteria, such as the type of products and services requested by or provided to you, the nature and length of our relationship with you, the impact on the services we provide to you if we delete some information from or about you, mandatory retention periods provided by law and the statute of limitations.
Note to individuals in the eea, uk and switzerland
If you are in the EEA, UK or Switzerland, you have certain rights and protections under the law regarding our processing of your personal data. Please see the sections below for more details,
Legal basis for processing
We will only process personal data about in accordance with the following legal basis:
Necessity.
As necessary to perform our responsibilities under our contract with you. For example, by processing your order and delivering the products you purchase;
Legitimate Interest.
When we have a legitimate interest in processing your personal data. For example, to communicate with you about changes to our Services or legal documents, to prevent fraud, or to provide, protect and improve our products and services. We only rely on our legitimate interests to process your Personal Information when these interests are not overridden by your rights and interests;
Consent.
If we request your consent to a specific processing activity (such as to send marketing emails), and you provide your consent in the manner indicated; and
Legal Obligation.
In some cases, processing will be necessary for compliance with a legal obligation, such as response to legal process requests.
Data subject requests
Please see the Your Privacy Rights and Choices section above for more information about your privacy rights and how to exercise them. In addition, you have the right to object to certain processing or request we restrict certain processing. To exercise any of these rights, please email us at
privacy@revolve.com
Data transfers
When we transfer personal information outside of the European Economic Area, United Kingdom or Switzerland, we will comply with applicable data protection laws. We may transfer your personal information to countries which provide an adequate level of protection under applicable data protection law, we may use contractual protections for the transfer of personal information. You may contact us as specified in the "Contact Us" section to obtain a copy of the safeguards we use to transfer personal information outside of the European Economic Area, United Kingdom or Switzerland.
Data retention
We store the information we collect about you for as long as is necessary for the purposes for which we originally collected it. We may retain certain information for legitimate business purposes or as required by law. When determining the retention period, we take into account various criteria, such as the type of products and services requested by or provided to you, the nature and length of our relationship with you, the impact on the services we provide to you if we delete some information from or about you, mandatory retention periods provided by law and the statute of limitations.
Questions or complaints
Please contact us at
privacy@revolve.com
if you have any questions or complaints.If you have a concern about our processing of personal data that we are not able to resolve, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the data privacy authority where you reside. For contact details of your local data protection authority, please see:
For individuals in the EEA:
https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_en
(opens in a new tab)
For individuals in Switzerland:
https://www.edoeb.admin.ch/edoeb/en/home/the-fdpic/contact.html
(opens in a new tab)
For individuals in the UK:
https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/
(opens in a new tab)
Welcome!
${popup_couponpopup_emailaddress}
Buy something new with
10% Off
your next purchase. Use promo code:
${popup_couponpopup_promocode}
Start Shopping
Offer valid for 30 days from sign-up.
At the time of checkout - the promo code must be used in combination with the email account above.
Some brands may be restricted from this discount.
View list
Offer not available on prior purchases, gift cards, shipping and handling, or taxes.
Other exclusions may apply.
REVOLVE reserves the right to end or modify this promotion.
Hmm...
Looks like this email is ineligible for this offer.
Continue to Revolve
SORRY!
${popup_ineligiblepopup_purchased_looksyoualready}
Continue to Revolve
crawler discovery
Content is loading
CUSTOMER CARE EMAIL
Email us anytime and we will get back to you within 24 hours
English
service@revolve.com
Spanish
servicioalcliente@REVOLVEclothing.com
French
serviceclient@REVOLVEclothing.com
Korean
KRservice@revolveclothing.com
Chinese
sales.zh@revolve.com
Portuguese
sales@revolve.com
Russian
sales.ru@revolve.com
Japanese
jpservice@revolveclothing.com