Privacy Policy
We have created this privacy policy to demonstrate our firm commitment to your privacy and the protection of your information.
Your data stays private with us. That's our promise!
Why did you receive a mailing from us?
Our weekly email newsletter is permission based. If you received a mailing from us, our records indicate that you have expressly shared this address for the purpose of receiving our opt-in newsletter.
If you believe you have received unwanted, unsolicited email sent via this system or purporting to be sent via this system, please forward a copy of that email with your comments to
info@sermonaudio.com
for review.
How can you stop receiving email from us?
Each email sent contains an easy, automated way for you to cease receiving email from us. If you wish to do this, simply use the "UNSUBSCRIBE" link found at the bottom (or top) of any email.
Data Retention and Deletion
For users who have given us their email address or other personally identifying information, we will retain such information until you inform us that you wish to have your data removed. For email subscribers, you can opt out at any time as noted above. For users with registered accounts, you may email us at
info@sermonaudio.com
at any time to request that your account be deleted. We will purge all of your data from our system within the next 90 days. Aside from customary server logs, which may contain an IP address, browser, and other information useful for troubleshooting system operations, we do not retain any data from non-registered users.
How we protect your privacy
We use appropriate security measures to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of data used by our system.
Sharing and Usage
We will never share, sell, or rent individual personal information with anyone for their promotional use unless ordered by a court of law. Information submitted to us is only available to
SermonAudio.com
for purposes of sending you our weekly newsletters or sending information of interest to you.
Cookies
Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer's hard drive through your web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser and improve your experience by providing features such as ZIP code customization.
Cookies allow you to take full advantage of our website and many others, and we recommend that you leave them turned on.
Apps
Our apps may collect information about your current location, with your consent. This information will only be used to provide you with more relevant results based on your current location (for example, to see what churches are nearby). Granular location information is not stored after the location-enabled HTTP request is finished, and we do not use it for any tracking or similar purpose.
App usage data may additionally be collected via the Crashlytics crash reporting SDK. This information is only used for monitoring performance and stability issues, and tracking various other useful usage factors such as device model, OS version, etc. No personally identifying information is collected via this mechanism.
For SermonAudio Broadcasters using Cross-Publish Features
SermonAudio uses YouTube API Services to permit broadcasters to cross-publish sermons published on SermonAudio to YouTube. Broadcaster YouTube data provided to SermonAudio via the YouTube API Services are used only for the purpose of providing the cross-publish feature and are not shared with any third parties. By using SermonAudio's cross-publish feature, Broadcasters agree to be bound by the YouTube Terms of Service. Broadcasters can revoke SermonAudio access to their YouTube data via the Google Security Settings page. See also the Google Privacy Policy.
Email
info@sermonaudio.com
with questions about this privacy policy.
Subscribe
|
Un-subscribe
|
Bad-List Check
SA Spotlight
Privacy Policy
•
Articles of Faith
•
More
© Copyright
  2025 SermonAudio.