Games
For refunds and returns please find our
Return Policy
.
Privacy Policy
Effective Date: 4th Sept, 2019
Last updated: 27th Jul, 2021
Thank you for playing our games!
This Privacy Policy describes:
The ways we collect personal data about you and why we do so
How we use your personal data, and
The choices you have about your personal data.
This Privacy Policy applies to games, websites and related services from The Voxel Agents, which we here collectively call the Service. We may periodically update this Privacy Policy by posting a new version on thevoxelagents.com. If we make any material changes, we will notify you by posting a notice in the Service prior to the change becoming effective. Your continued use of the Service after the effective date will be subject to the new Privacy Policy.
THE DATA WE COLLECT
Data we collect automatically.
Game progress, gameplay data and analytics
Your IP address and advertising ID
Data about your device, such as device name and operating system, browser type and language
General location data
Data we collect from our partners.
Data we receive if you link a third party tool with the Service (such as Game Center or Google Play Games alias)
Data from platforms that the games run on (such as to verify payment)
Data for advertising and analytics purposes, so we can provide you a better Service
Data you provide us.
Name and email address if you choose to sign up to our marketing communications, or if you contact us via email.
WHY DO WE COLLECT YOUR DATA
To make the Service work.
To perform the contract, we process data necessary to
Create accounts and allow you to play our games and use our Service
Operate the Service
Verify and confirm payments
Provide and deliver products and services you request
Send you Service related communications
To make the Service more suitable for our players.
To provide a great Service to our players, we have a legitimate interest to collect and process necessary data to
Update and develop player profiles
Develop and improve the Service and player experience
Manage our relationship with you
Provide social features as part of the Service
Customize your Service experience
Respond to your comments and questions and provide player support
Provide you offers in the Service as well as by email
Send you related information, such as updates, security alerts, and support messages
Enable you to communicate with other players
To show personalized advertisements.
To show you personalized advertisements in the Service we have a legitimate interest to process necessary data to
Use personal data to deliver ads based on your interests
Track the content you access in connection with the Service
Deliver, target and improve our advertising and the Service
For information on how to opt-out from personalized advertisements, see section ‘YOUR RIGHTS AND OPTIONS’ below.
To analyze, profile, and segment.
In all of the above cases and purposes, we may analyze, profile and segment all collected data..
WHO CAN SEE YOUR DATA
Apart from The Voxel Agents, your data can be accessed by others in the following situations:
Other players.
Social features are a component of our games. Other players and users may, for example, see your alias and scores or achievements.
Partners working for The Voxel Agents
The Voxel Agents have partners who perform services for us. These partners process your data only at and according to The Voxel Agents’
					instructions to provide the Service, such as hosting, player support, advertising, analytics and fraud prevention.
Advertising and Social Media partners.
When you use our Services, you might also use third party services, such as Facebook, Twitter, Google Play Games or Game Center.
					We do not control how they interact with you and you should ensure that you consent to the terms of use and
					privacy policies offered by the third party services before providing them with your information.
					You acknowledge that we are not liable when third party services use information you provide to them.
We also work with certain business partners, such as other game developers and advertising partners, and information collected from you may be shared through these partnerships.
Some of our business partners are outside Australia. Below is a list of some, but not all, business partners that we actively share user information and usage data with (this list is subject to change):
Facebook. Located in the United States. Read their
Privacy Policy
;
Playfab (Microsoft). Headquartered in the United States. Read their
Privacy Policy
;
Twitter. Headquartered in the United States. Read their
Privacy Policy
;
Unity Ads and Analytics. Headquartered in the United States with offices throughout the Americas, Asia and Europe. Read their
Privacy Policy
;
Vungle. Located in United States, United Kingdom, Germany and China. Read their
Privacy Policy
.
Public authorities.
We may be required or authorised to disclose personal information about you by law or by a law enforcement agency.
YOUR RIGHTS AND OPTIONS
Opt-out of targeted advertising.
You can opt-out of interest-based advertising on mobile applications by checking the privacy settings of your
					Android or iOS device and selecting "limit ad tracking" (Apple iOS) or "opt-out of interest based ads" (Android), and in some regions you may have even greater control.
Opt-out of marketing emails.
You may opt-out of receiving promotional communications, such as marketing emails from us by
					following the instructions in such communications.
Access the personal data we hold about you.
If you wish to access the data stored about you, please contact us to request it - see the contact information below.
Your other rights.
You also have the right to object how we use or share your data, and restrict
					how we use or share your data - please contact us via the details below if any of these concerns come up.
HOW DO WE PROTECT YOUR DATA
Security Safeguards.
In order to help ensure a secure and safe player experience,
					we are continuously developing and implementing administrative, technical and physical security
					measures to protect your data from unauthorized access or against loss, misuse or alteration.
Data retention.
We retain your data for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you the Service.
					Note that if you ask us to remove your personal data, we will retain some of your data this is
					necessary for our legitimate business interests, such as to comply with our legal obligations,
					resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
International Data Transfers.
Our Service is global by nature and your data can therefore be transferred to anywhere in the world.
					Because different countries may have different data protection laws than your own country,
					we take steps to ensure adequate safeguards are in place to protect your data as explained in this Policy.
					Adequate safeguards that our partners may use include standard contractual clauses approved by EU Commission
					and the Privacy Shield certification in case of transfers to the USA.
AGE LIMITS
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal data about or direct or target interest based advertising to
					anyone under the age of 16 or knowingly allow such persons to use our Services.
					If you are under 16, please do not send any data about yourself to us, including your name,
					address, telephone number, or email address.  No one under the age of 16 may provide any personal data.
					If we learn that we have collected personal data about a child under age 16, we will delete that data as
					quickly as possible.  If you believe that we might have any data from or about a child under the age of 16, please contact us.
CONTACT US
Name of the controller: Data Protection Officer
Address: The Voxel Agents, Unit 1, 62 Fallon St, Brunswick 3056 Victoria, Australia
email: legal-requests@thevoxelagents.com
DEFINITIONS
Advertising ID
A unique ID that is generated for your device to track activity by advertising companies to improve their service in game. This is also known as Interest Based Advertising. You may be able to opt-out of this feature on some platforms. You may also be able to reset your advertising ID on your device.
Analytics
Interpretation and interpolation of unidentified data to predict and isolate trends relating to game play and app use.
In-app Purchase
An in-game system that allows exchanging real money for virtual goods or in-game currency.
IP Address (Internet Protocol Address)
A unique string of numbers separated by full stops or commas that identifies each computer using the Internet Protocol to communicate over a network. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks.
The Voxel Agents ("us")
The Voxel Agents Pty Ltd ACN 136537865 its assignees, licensees, successors in title and subsidiaries.
Services
Services offered by us and includes our games, websites and related services.
Storefront
An online business presence for sales. We work with Apple's App Store and Google Play storefronts as our primary storefronts for sales but some of our games are also available on Steam, Playstation Store and others.
Terms of Service
Rules and conduct standards that are defined that one must comply with to use the service.
Third Party Services
Services provided by a provider that is not owned or controlled by The Voxel Agents.
© The Voxel Agents 2024
Find our
privacy policy
to understand how we handle your personal information. Find our
return policy
to understand how to refund accidental purchases.
The Apple logo, Apple Arcade, App Store, iPad, and iPhone are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. Apple Arcade and the App Store are service marks of Apple Inc.
Google Play and the Google Play logo are trademarks of Google LLC.