Daily Gospel
"Lord, to whom shall we go? You have the words of eternal life." John 6:68
To Subscribe
Prayers
Settings
Print
Make a donation
I have an account
Subscriptions
The Gospel of the Day
Saints of the day
Prayers
Receive daily Gospel by email, free of charge and without advertising
Learn how and why to share the Gospel on social media
21 March
PRIVACY POLICY OF WEBSITE:
www.dailygospel.org
which is called “Evangelizo Website”
ARTICLE 1 : PREAMBLE
This privacy policy applies to the site: “Evangelizo Website”
This Privacy Policy is intended to expose users of the site :
The way their personal data are collected and processed. All data that could identify a user should be considered as personal data. These include the first and last name, age, postal address, email address, location of the user or its IP address;
What are the rights of users regarding this data ;
Who is responsible for the processing of personal data collected and processed;
To whom these data are transmitted;
The site's policy regarding "cookies" files.
ARTICLE 2: GENERAL PRINCIPLES FOR DATA COLLECTION AND PROCESSING
In accordance with the provisions of Article 5 of European Regulation 2016/679, the collection and processing of site users' data complies with the following principles:
Lawfulness, loyalty and transparency: data can only be collected and processed with the consent of the user who owns the data. Whenever personal data are collected, the user will be informed that his / her data are being collected, and for what reasons his / her data is collected;
Limited Purposes: Data collection and processing is performed to fulfill one or more of the objectives set out in these Terms of Use;
Minimizing the collection and processing of data: only the data necessary for the proper execution of the objectives pursued by the site are collected;
Conservation of data limited in time: data are kept for a limited period of time, of which the user is informed. Where this information cannot be provided, the user is informed of the criteria used to determine the storage period ;
Integrity and confidentiality of the data collected and processed: the data controller is committed to ensuring the integrity and confidentiality of the data collected.
In order to be lawful, and in accordance with the requirements of Article 6 of European Regulation 2016/679, the collection and processing of personal data will only take place if they comply with at least one of the conditions set out above. after listed:
The user has expressly consented to the treatment;
The treatment is necessary for the good performance of a contract;
Treatment meets a legal obligation;
The treatment is due to a need to safeguard the vital interests of the data subject or of another natural person;
The treatment can be explained by a necessity related to the performance of a mission of public interest or that comes under the exercise of the public authority;
The processing and collection of personal data is necessary for the legitimate and private interests pursued by the controller or by a third party.
ARTICLE 3: PERSONAL DATA COLLECTED AND PROCESSED IN THE CONTEXT OF NAVIGATION ON THE SITE
A. DATA COLLECTED AND PROCESSED AND METHOD OF COLLECTION
The personal data collected on the “Evangelizo Website” are as follows:
Email address
This data is collected when the user performs one of the following operations on the site:
Subscribe to mailing service
The data controller will keep in its systems and in reasonable conditions of security all the data collected for a non limited time period.
The collection and processing of data serves the following purposes:
Sending by email to subscribers of the readings of the day
B. TRANSMISSION OF DATA TO THIRD PARTIES
The personal data collected by the site are not transmitted to any third party, and are processed only by the publisher of the site.
C. DATA HOSTING
The “Evangelizo Website” is hosted by: OVH, whose headquarters are located at the following address:
2 Rue Kellermann, 59100 Roubaix
The host can be contacted at the following phone number : +33 (0)9 72 10 10 07
The data collected and processed by the site are exclusively hosted and processed in France.
ARTICLE 4: RESPONSIBLE FOR DATA PROCESSING AND DELEGATE FOR DATA PROTECTION
A. DATA PROCESSING MANAGER
The person responsible for the processing of personal data can be contacted as follows:
By email at:
rgpd@evangelizo.org
The person responsible for data processing is responsible for determining the purposes and means used for the processing of personal data.
B. DUTIES OF DATA PROCESSING MANAGER
The data controller undertakes to protect the collected personal data, not to transmit it to third parties without the user having been informed and to respect the purposes for which the data was collected.
The site has an SSL certificate to ensure that information and data transfer through the site is secure.
An SSL certificate ("Secure Socket Layer" Certificate) aims to secure the data exchanged between the user and the site.
In addition, the data controller undertakes to notify the user in the event of rectification or deletion of the data, unless this entails disproportionate formalities, costs and procedures.
In the event that the integrity, confidentiality or security of the user's personal data is compromised, the controller commits to inform the user by any means.
C. DELEGATE TO DATA PROTECTION
In addition, the user is informed that the following person has been appointed Data Protection Officer:
rgpd@evangelizo.org
The role of the Data Protection Officer and ensure the proper implementation of national and supranational provisions relating to the collection and processing of personal data. It can also be named DPO (for Data Protection Officer).
The data protection officer can be reached by email at:
rgpd@evangelizo.org
ARTICLE 5: RIGHTS OF THE USER
In accordance with the regulations on the processing of personal data, the user has the rights listed below.
In order for the data controller to comply with his request, the user is required to provide him with: his first and last name and e-mail address, and if relevant, his account number or personal space or subscriber.
The data controller is responsible for responding to the user within a maximum of 30 (thirty) days.
A. PRESENTATION OF THE USER'S RIGHTS IN DATA COLLECTION AND PROCESSING
a.
Right of access, rectification and right to erasure
The user can read, update, modify or request the deletion of the data concerning him, by respecting the following procedure:
The user can delete his account, and all associated data, at any time going to “
Settings
” menu and clicking on the “
Delete Account
” button after being authenticating.
If he has one, the user has the right to request the removal of his personal space by following the procedure below:
The user can delete his account, and all associated data, at any time going to “
Settings
” menu and clicking on the “
Delete Account
” button after being authenticating.
b.
Right to limitation and opposition of data processing
The user has the right to request the limitation or to oppose the treatment of his data by the site, without the site can refuse, except to demonstrate the existence of legitimate and compelling reasons, which may prevail over the interests and the rights and freedoms of the user.
In order to request the limitation of the processing of his data or to oppose the processing of his data, the user must follow the following procedure:
Stop or Suspend his subscription:
The user can stop or suspend his subscription at any time going to “
Settings
” menu and clicking on “
Subscription
” button.
c.
Right not to be the subject of a decision based exclusively on an automated process
In accordance with the provisions of Regulation 2016/679, the user has the right not to be the subject of a decision based exclusively on an automated process if the decision has legal effects concerning him or significantly affects him or her. similar way.
d.
Right to determine the fate of data after death
The user is reminded that he can organize what should be the future of his data collected and processed if he dies, in accordance with the law n ° 2016-1321 of October 7, 2016.
e.
Right to seize the competent supervisory authority
If the data controller decides not to respond to the request of the user, and the user wishes to challenge this decision, or if he thinks that one of the rights listed above, he is entitled to refer to the CNIL (National Commission for Computing and Freedoms, https://www.cnil.fr) or any competent judge.
B.
PERSONAL DATA OF MINOR PERSONS
In accordance with the provisions of Article 8 of European Regulation 2016/679 and the Data Protection Act, only minors aged 15 or over can consent to the processing of their personal data.
If the user is a minor under the age of 15, the consent of a legal representative will be required so that personal data can be collected and processed.
The publisher of the site reserves the right to verify by any means that the user is older than 15 years, or that he has obtained the consent of a legal representative before browsing the site.
ARTICLE 6 : UTILISATION DES FICHIERS "COOKIES"
The site may use "cookies" techniques.
A "cookie" is a small file (less than 4 KB), stored by the site on the user's hard drive, containing information about the browsing habits of the user.
These files allow him to process statistics and traffic information, facilitate navigation and improve service for the user's convenience.
For the use of "cookie" files involving the backup and analysis of personal data, the consent of the user is necessarily requested.
This consent of the user is considered valid for a maximum duration of 13 (thirteen) months. At the end of this period, the site will request again the user's permission to save "cookies" files on his hard drive.
a.
Opposition of the user to the use of "cookies" files by the site
It is brought to the attention of the user that he can oppose the registration of these files "cookies" by configuring his browser software.
For information, the user can find at the following addresses the steps to follow in order to configure his browser to oppose the registration of "cookies" files:
Chrome
:        https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/61416?hl=fr
Firefox
:          https://support.mozilla.org/fr/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences
Safari
:            http://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/fr-ww/
Internet
Explorer
: https://support.microsoft.com/fr-fr/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies
Opera
:           http://www.opera.com/help/tutorials/security/cookies/
In the case where the user decides to disable the "cookies" files, he can continue his navigation on the site. However, any dysfunction of the site caused by this manipulation could not be considered as being due to the editor of the site.
b.
Description of the "cookie" files used by the site
The website editor draws the attention of the user to the fact that the following cookies are used when browsing:
PHPSESSID
session cookie for PHP
_ga
cookie Google Analytics for anonymous statistics
gdpr-accept
cookie telling that the user has accepted the cookie and privacy policies
By browsing the site, it is made known to the user that third-party cookies can be saved.
It is more particularly the following third parties:
Google Analytics
In addition, the site integrates social network buttons, allowing the user to share his activity on the site. Cookies files of these social networks are therefore likely to be stored on the user's computer when using these features.
The user's attention is drawn to the fact that these sites have their own privacy policies and general conditions of use that may differ from the site. The publisher of the site invites users to consult the privacy policies and general conditions of use of these sites.
ARTICLE 7 :
CONDITIONS FOR AMENDING THE PRIVACY POLICY
This privacy policy may be consulted at any time clicking on the link “Legal Notice” in the footer of the “Evangelizo Website”.
The site editor reserves the right to modify it in order to guarantee its conformity with the law in force.
Consequently, the user is invited to consult this privacy policy regularly in order to be informed of the latest changes that will be made to it.
However, in the event of a substantial change in this policy, the user will be informed as follows:
The user will be asked to consult and accept again the privacy policy and management of cookies.
The user is informed that the last update of this privacy policy was on: 29/09/2019.
ARTICLE 8 :
USER ACCEPTANCE OF PRIVACY POLICY
By browsing the site, the user certifies that he / she has read and understood this privacy policy and accepts the conditions, especially regarding the collection and processing of his / her personal data, as well as the use of files. "Cookies".
We use cookies to ensure that our site functions properly, to offer features available on social networks and to analyse our traffic.
OK
Please enable JavaScript to continue using this application.