WBUR is committed to protecting the online privacy of its website visitors and users. This Digital Privacy Statement explains the station’s practices related to the collection and use of information gathered through WBUR’s website domain,
http://www.wbur.org
, and through the station’s other digital properties such as the WBUR Listen application.
The types of information that WBUR collects may vary depending on the specific site you visit or application you use.
Information Collection & Use
Information Gathered Automatically
From time to time, WBUR collaborates with other organizations and develops activities designed to engage individuals who value WBUR and may also be interested in the activities of the other organization. At times, WBUR will share contact information that it collects in connection with those activities with the other organization so that it can communicate with you about its events and other offerings. In those instances, WBUR will inform participants in the activity that their information will be shared with the collaborating organization.
When you visit a WBUR website or other WBUR digital properties, the station may, like most institutions and organizations on the internet, collect and store digital information sent by your web browser, such as IP addresses (i.e., the internet address of your computer or device), geolocation, the web browser used for the connection, the device operating system, unique device identifiers, and other digital properties, such as pages visited, length of visit, and terms searched. WBUR does not link IP addresses or cookies to any personally identifiable information.
In addition, WBUR uses cookies, which are text files placed on your device to evaluate usage patterns, so that we can improve both content and distribution. The information can also be used to establish continuity between requests, to personalize the site to your preferences, to authenticate your login, to analyze web traffic, to monitor and ensure the security of the network, and to help diagnose problems with WBUR’s servers. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser; however if you do this, you may not be able to use the full functionality of the website.
Most of WBUR’s websites use Google Analytics, which is a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses persistent cookies to analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for WBUR and providing other services related to website activity and internet usage.
Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where the third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.
By using WBUR websites, you consent to the processing of data about you in the manner and for the purposes set out above. Please visit the following pages for more information about
Google Analytics Terms of Service
and
Google’s Privacy Practices
.
Information you provide
WBUR does not collect personally identifiable information about you when you visit the station’s websites or digital properties unless you voluntarily provide us with that information. WBUR may request personally identifiable information from you if, for example, you ask a question, request to be contacted, request information for a particular program or activity, sign up for a mailing list, request access to a protected portion of a website or make a payment. WBUR may use the information you provide to inform you, such as through email or digital advertising, of WBUR events and activities, including further ways to engage with the station.
Information Sharing
WBUR has implemented reasonable physical, technical and administrative procedures to safeguard and secure all information we collect online against unauthorized disclosure, loss, or misuse in accordance with Boston University’s Data Protection Standards Policy. The Policy classifies types of data according to its sensitivity, and each classification has different requirements for protection.
WBUR cannot provide an absolute guarantee as to the security of any information transmitted through its website or digital properties.
WBUR will share information about you with third-parties only to the extent necessary to provide the station’s web services or in circumstances where the station reasonably believes that doing so is necessary or appropriate to: satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or government request; investigate compliance with station policies; detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues; or protect the rights, property or safety of the station, its employees or others. The information referred to in this section may include personally identifiable information. In addition, the station may share with third-parties information about the use of WBUR’s sites and other digital properties that is aggregated or anonymized so that it does not identify any individual user.
Digital Advertising
WBUR may contract with third-party vendors to show WBUR advertisements on websites and digital properties that are not controlled by WBUR.  WBUR and third-party vendors with whom WBUR contracts may use cookies and web beacons to serve ads based on your prior visits to the Sites and to assess the effectiveness of those ads.
Third Party Websites
The http://www.wbur.org/ website and other digital properties may link to external websites that are not controlled by WBUR. Your use of those websites will be controlled by the privacy practices of that external web host. WBUR is not responsible for the privacy practices of those external sites.
Children’s Privacy
WBUR’s site and other digital properties are not intended to attract children under 13 years of age and WBUR will not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 years of age.  If a visitor to a WBUR site is under 13 years of age, the visitor should not use the site.
Acceptance of this Digital Privacy Statement
WBUR assumes that all visitors to its site and other digital properties have reviewed the Digital Privacy Statement, as it may be modified and updated from time to time, and agree to its contents.  If a visitor does not agree with the Digital Privacy Statement, such visitor should refrain from using the sites.
Changes to this Digital Privacy Statement
WBUR may modify this Digital Privacy Statement. All changes will be made directly to this webpage and will be effective on the date posted.
Questions
Questions about this Statement should be directed to email
webmaster@wbur.org
.
Donor Privacy Policy
WBUR is committed to protecting the information that donors provide to WBUR.  When you make a donation, you provide information that includes your name and contact information.  WBUR regularly communicates with donors to carry out business operations by mail, phone and email.
This Donor Privacy Policy applies to all donor information received by WBUR, both online and through other sources, including any electronic, written and oral communications.
WBUR does not sell, share or trade donors’ names or personal information with any other entity, except as described below.
WBUR contracts with third party vendors to provide certain services, including processing donations, sending membership communications and fulfilling thank you gifts and, as a result, these third parties may have access to donor information.  These third parties are permitted to use donor information only for the limited purposes necessary to facilitate these services.  These vendors are contractually bound to maintain donor information as confidential, and they are prohibited from using donor information without permission from WBUR.
WBUR does not share donor information with nonaffiliated third parties.  A nonaffiliated third party is defined as any person, company, partnership or other party that is not controlled by or acting on behalf of, or at the request of, the station for the purpose of fundraising.
Fundraising Collaborations
From time to time, WBUR may collaborate with another entity, such as National Public Radio, on a fundraising initiative.  If you donate to WBUR through a partner like NPR, that partner may retain any donor information you provide to them, including your name, contact information and information about your donation activity.
Advertisement