Legal
/
For Passengers
/
Privacy Policy
Updated at: 5 Mar 2025
Introduction
This privacy policy describes how Wheely Technologies Ltd (“Wheely”, “we”, “us” or “our”) and its affiliates
    collects, processes and protects your personal data.
The term “you” or “your” refers to the passenger or rider who requests, hires and/or receives a
    service through the Wheely app.
Personal data is information, or a combination of pieces of information, that could reasonably
    allow you to be identified.
1. PERSONAL DATA WE PROCESS
Wheely only processes information that it needs to provide services to you or fulfil its legal
    obligations. The categories of data that we may process are:
Identity Data — including first name and last name.
Location Data — when you turn on location permissions, this removes the requirement for
      inserting the address at which you are located. This allows us to provide you with more
      relevant and accurate search results.
Contact Data — including your email address, telephone numbers and postal code. When using the
      “Book for another passenger” feature and picking the passenger that you are booking the ride
      for, you may also give us permission to access the contact details of such person, but we do
      not save this person’s details after the end of the journey.
Financial Data — bank account and payment card details (including the expiration date and CVV)
      in order to process payments. Note that we only use the expiration date and the CVV to confirm
      the validity of the payment card details, and we do not save the CVV after the payment is
      confirmed.
Transaction Data — details about payments to and from you, and other details of products and
      services you have purchased from us such as location data, pickup and drop-off address, dates,
      times, distances travelled, amount charged, calls or texts and other related transaction
      details. We use this information to bill you for our services and to alert you if a payment
      has been declined. Note that the sending of these alerts cannot be disabled.
Technical Data — including internet protocol (IP) address, your login data, browser type and
      version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system
      and platform, device information such as device ID, device IDFA and other technology on the
      devices you use to access our website or app.
Preference Data — including your preferences, feedback and survey responses.
Usage Data — including information about how you use our website, app, services and products
      such as information about app downloads, app and web page histories.
Marketing and Communications Data — including your preferences in receiving marketing from us,
      as well as your communication preferences.
Journey Ratings — passengers may rate the chauffeur’s performance and provide us with
      additional feedback.
Biometric data — this data may be collected when you create an account or contact our customer
      services team, to help us confirm your identity and prevent fraud.
Miscellaneous data — we may request specific, additional information from you or a third
      party. For example, we may request personal data about you from a chauffeur in order to verify
      a dispute or complaint or to fulfil our legal obligations. And when a person wishes to apply
      for a business account, we may collect such person’s or business’s credit score from a third
      party agency.
Information we collect using automated technologies
As you interact with our website or app, we may automatically collect the data described above,
    as well as information about your device, browsing activity and patterns. We may collect this
    personal information by using cookies, server logs and other similar technologies. We may also
    receive technical data about you if you visit other websites deploying our cookies as further
    described in our
cookie statement
.
2. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION AND THE BASIS ON WHICH WE USE IT
We will only process your data where we have a need to do so. Generally, this will be in order
    to fulfil our contractual obligations to you or where there is a legitimate interest in doing
    so.
For example, we use your personal data:
to provide you with and personalise our services.
to deal with your enquiries and requests and to provide customer support.
to enable you to communicate with chauffeurs directly by either voice or chat. Note that we do
      not disclose your phone number to the chauffeur, or vice versa. In order to enable this
      feature, we receive the date, time and content of the communication. This information also
      allows us to resolve disputes and to improve the safety and security for our users and
      chauffeurs.
to comply with legal obligations to which we are subject and cooperate with regulators and law
      enforcement bodies.
to contact you via email or using push notifications with marketing and offers relating to
      products and services offered by us (unless you have opted out of marketing, or we are
      otherwise prevented by law from doing so).
for advertising and marketing purposes, including interest-based advertising, in line with
      your preferences. We also use measurement tools to measure the effectiveness of our
      advertising campaigns. Note that you can opt-out by enabling “limit ad tracking” on your
      device.
to personalise the marketing messages we send you to make them more relevant and interesting.
to protect our rights or the rights of others.
to ask you to participate in surveys. Whenever you participate in a survey that we send to
      you, our aim is to understand how you feel about our services and try to fit them to your
      specific needs.
to analyse how our services are used, in order to help us improve our offering and fit it to
      our customer’s needs.
for fraud prevention. We use automated technology to analyse interactions between our users
      and Wheely, in order to ensure that passengers are using our services legitimately. We may
      suspend accounts that we believe to be fraudulent. We may also use biometric data to verify
      your identity.
We must have a legal basis to process your personal information. If the legal basis is not the
    fulfilment of our contractual obligations, it will most likely be one of the following:
To comply with our legal obligations, regulatory and audit obligations. In particular, Wheely
      is subject to laws and regulations in the countries in which we operate which require us to
      collect and retain certain information about the use of our services, including obligations to
      carry out anti-money laundering checks or to disclose personal information to a third party
      such as a court or regulatory authority.
To meet our legitimate interests and those of third parties, for example to understand how you
      use our services and to enable us to derive knowledge that enables us to develop new services.
      When we process personal information to meet our legitimate interests, we put in place robust
      safeguards to ensure that your privacy is protected and to ensure that our legitimate
      interests do not override your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms.
To protect you or a third party — for example, if there was an accident or other threat to
      life, we may share your details with the emergency services. Where you have consented
      expressly to the processing. If we ask for your consent to process your personal information,
      you may withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us using the details at the end of
      this privacy policy.
Where personal data is processed for a new purpose which is different to the purpose for which
    the personal data was originally collected and the processing is not based on the data subject’s
    consent, we carefully consider such new processing to determine whether it is compatible with
    the purpose for which the personal data are initially collected. We will consider any link
    between the original purpose and the new purpose, the context in which the data are processed,
    the nature of the data, the possible consequences of the processing, and any safeguards that can
    be taken to ensure the data are adequately protected.
3. OUR USE OF COOKIES
We strive to provide you with choices regarding certain personal information uses, particularly
    around marketing and advertising. Where you have given your consent (where lawfully required),
    we use cookies, log files and other technologies to collect personal information from the device
    you use to access our website, app and services.
We may use “cookies”, “web beacons” or “pixel tags” (“Tags”) and mobile identifiers. Tags allow
    us to track receipt of an e-mail to you, to count users that have visited a webpage or opened an
    e-mail and collect other types of aggregated information. Once you click on an e-mail that
    contains a Tag, your contact information may subsequently be cross-referenced to the source
    e-mail and the relevant Tag. In some of our e-mail messages, we use a “click-through URL” linked
    to a certain website administered by us or on our behalf.
You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites
    set or access cookies. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this
    website may become inaccessible or not function properly. See our
cookie statement
for more details.
4. HOW WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
We may share your personal information with third parties under the following circumstances:
Information shared with chauffeurs
. Once a chauffeur accepts a journey, we will
      provide the chauffeur with:
Your first name (and, if provided by you, your picture).
Your pick-up address and desired destination.
Journey information shared with third parties.
If you are paying using a business account, the owner of such account will have access to
          the journey’s details.
If the ride is paid for by a person other than the passenger using the “Book for another
          passenger” feature, we may, at our discretion, provide such person with access to the
          journey’s details.
If the chauffeur is working for a partner of Wheely, then the relevant data will be
          available to the Wheely partner as well.
If you are using a complimentary journey offered to you by a third party and paid by it,
          we may provide the third party with the date and time of the journey, as well as the price
          and service level of such journey.
Information shared with service providers and business partners.
Other companies help
      us conduct the activities described in this privacy policy and so we may share your personal
      information with those service providers and business partners. They may be providing us with
      services such as technical infrastructure, marketing, analytics and survey tools. We also work
      with companies professional advisors including lawyers, bankers, auditors, insurers or
      accountants.
Information shared Between Wheely Group Companies.
We may share certain information
      within the Wheely Group Companies in order for us to provide our services.
Information shared with Law enforcement agency, court, regulator, government authority or
        other third party.
We may share your personal information with these parties including banks and fraud detection
      agencies, where we believe this is necessary to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation,
      or otherwise to protect our legitimate interests and rights or those of any third party.
Asset purchasers.
We may share your personal information with a third party that
      purchases, or to which we transfer, all or substantially all of our assets and business.
      Should such a sale or transfer occur, we will use reasonable efforts to ensure that the entity
      to which we transfer your personal information uses it in a manner that is consistent with
      this Privacy Policy.
Because we operate as part of a global business, the recipients referred to above may be located
    outside the jurisdiction in which you are located (or in which we provide the services). See the
    section on “International Data Transfer” below for more information.
5. INFORMATION SECURITY AND STORAGE
We implement technical and organisational measures to ensure a level of security appropriate to
    the risk to the personal information we process. These measures are aimed at ensuring the
    on-going integrity and confidentiality of personal information. We evaluate these measures on a
    regular basis to ensure the security of the processing.
We will keep your personal information for as long as we have a relationship with you. Once our
    relationship with you has come to an end, we will retain your personal information for a period
    of time that enables us to:
Maintain business records for analysis and/or audit purposes.
Comply with record retention requirements under the law.
Defend or bring any existing or potential legal claims.
Deal with any complaints regarding the services.
We will delete your personal information when it is no longer required for these purposes. If
    there is any information that we are unable, for technical reasons, to delete entirely from our
    systems, we will put in place appropriate measures to prevent any further processing or use of
    the data.
6. INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS
Wheely services are offered from our United Kingdom headquarters and we have subsidiaries with
    offices in France, the United Arab Emirates and Cyprus. In addition, some of our service
    providers are located in these and other jurisdictions. Please therefore note that your personal
    information may be transferred to, stored, and processed in countries outside the European Union
    or United Kingdom that do not have similar data protection laws to the European Union or United
    Kingdom.
We have put in place appropriate safeguards (such as contractual commitments) in accordance with
    applicable legal requirements to ensure that your data is adequately protected. For more
    information on the appropriate safeguards in place, please contact us at the details below.
7. YOUR RIGHTS OVER YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
You may delete your user account at any time by proceeding to
Profile
→
Terms & Privacy
→
Delete Account
. You should note that you will not be able
    to delete your account in the event where you have any outstanding payment.
You can also ask us to stop sending you marketing communications at any time by logging into the
    website or app and checking or unchecking relevant boxes to adjust your marketing preferences,
    or by following the opt-out links on any marketing message sent to you.
You have certain rights regarding your personal information, subject to local law. These include
    the following rights to:
access your personal information.
rectify the information we hold about you.
erase your personal information.
restrict our use of your personal information.
object to our use of your personal information.
receive your personal information in a usable electronic format and transmit it to a third
      party (right to data portability).
lodge a complaint with your local data protection authority.
You may also object only to the processing of your personal information for advertising and data
    analysis purposes at any time.
We encourage you to contact us to update or correct your information if it changes or if the
    personal information we hold about you is inaccurate.
We will contact you if we need additional information from you in order to honour your requests.
If you would like to discuss or exercise such rights, please contact us at the details below.
8. CONTACT US
Wheely is the controller responsible for the personal information we collect
    and process.
If you have questions or concerns regarding the way in which your personal information has been
    used, please contact us using the details provided below.
Email address:
support@wheely.com
Postal address: The Monastery Barn, Syon Park, London Road, Brentford, United Kingdom, TW8 8JF
We are committed to working with you to obtain a fair resolution to any complaint or concern
    about privacy. If, however, you believe that we have not been able to assist with your complaint
    or concern, you have the right to make a complaint to the data protection authority of the
    United Kingdom, the Information Commissioner’s Office using their website
https://ico.org.uk/
or the data protection authority applicable to you.
9. CHANGES TO THE POLICY
You may request a copy of this privacy policy from us using the contact details set out above.
    We may modify or update this privacy policy from time to time.
If we change this privacy policy, we will notify you of the changes. Where changes to this
    privacy policy will have a fundamental impact on the nature of the processing or otherwise have
    a substantial impact on you, we will give you sufficient advance notice so that you have the
    opportunity to exercise your rights (e.g. to object to the processing).