Legal and compliance
The DHI Foundation, DHI A/S and its subsidiaries (‘DHI’, ‘we’ or ‘us’) are committed to protecting your privacy. We consider data protection and confidentiality a high priority when you use our products, services or visit our websites or physical locations. This privacy policy explains how DHI collects, uses, stores, discloses, transfers and retains (‘processes’) your personal data when you visit our websites or when you interact with us in various business relations. It also describes the choices available to you regarding collection, use, access, and how to update or correct your personal information.
In order to minimise the personal data we process, we use privacy-friendly tools where feasible, e.g., to process information that is not personal, but anonymised. Below we also explain how we process such information. Additional information on how we process your personal information may be provided in other notices provided to you prior to or at the time of data collection, e.g., for certain DHI digital solutions or software.
All articles stated in this privacy policy refer to the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) No. 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council (‘GDPR’).
DATA CONTROLLER AND CONTACT INFORMATION
The local DHI entity that you have entered into a contract with, contacted or in other ways interacted with in accordance with the purposes as set out in section 2 below, is the data controller for the processing of your personal data for the said activities. The list of local DHI entities can be found here:
https://worldwide.dhigroup.com
, where you also find the applicable contact details.
However, you may always contact DHI A/S (Agern Allé 5, 2970 Hørsholm, Denmark, Company Reg. No: 36466871) through +45 4516 9200 or
GDPR-security@dhigroup.com
for matters regarding the processing of personal data.
COLLECTION AND PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATA
Your personal data is collected and processed in one or several of the below cases:
When you enter and browse our website
, we process your personal data by using cookies and similar technologies to optimise and develop the user experience of our websites. Cookies will be placed in accordance with your cookie consent and the information provided in the cookie-pop-up, which is always available on the website. You can read more about our use of cookies in our
cookie policy
. The use of cookies may entail processing of your personal data, including a unique ID number, the IP address, geographical location, the sites you visit, as well as further technical information on your behaviour on the website. We rely on our legitimate interest in accordance with the GDPR article 6(1)(f) for giving you the best possible website experience for the processing of personal data when placing strictly necessary cookies. We rely on your consent in accordance with the GDPR article 6(1)(a) for our processing of personal data when placing functional, statistical, marketing and unclassified cookies. To the extent you have previously consented to receiving marketing material, we will combine this information with the accepted statistical cookies in accordance with our legitimate interest, cf. the GDPR article 6(1)(f). We always collect your permission (i.e. cookie consent) in accordance with the applicable cookie legislation prior to the placement of cookies. You prior permission is, thus, a condition for the processing of personal data through cookies. The above applies to the primary DHI websites but also to websites related to our projects, products and services, to the extent cookies are placed (e.g.,
www.dhigroup.com
,
www.mikepoweredbydhi.com
,
www.worldwide.dhigroup.com
,
www.theacademybydhi.com
,
www.eo.dhigroup.com
,
www.bathymetrics.shop
).
When you or the company you represent are a customer or supplier to DHI.
We process your personal data as a contact person or representative (contact information, e.g., name, email address, company, position) to administer the business relationship (conclude and maintain commercial agreements) and perform contract management. If you or the company you represent are supplying services to DHI, we may process your biographical information, including CV. Our legal basis for such processing is the GDPR article 6(1)(b) (necessary for the performance of a contract between the company that you represent and DHI), the GDPR article 6(1)(c) (legal obligation in the event of bookkeeping legislation on storing accounting records) or the GDPR article 6(1)(f), DHI’s legitimate interests in running our business and being able to manage DHI’s business relationship with the companies we work with, including being able to communicate with you.
When you install and/or use our software, data portals, applications and/or cloud solutions
. We process your personal data as end user in order to provide software, data portals, applications and/or cloud solutions. To install and/or use our software, data portals, applications, and/or cloud solutions, the end user is required to submit name, email address, organisation, address, postal code, city, country and phone no. Such processing is necessary to provide the services, e.g. login credentials and contact information. The legal basis for such processing is the GDPR article 6(1)(b) and/or (f). We keep a log of the end user’s use of software, data portals, applications and/or cloud solutions. We use this information for the purpose of improving and developing our software and solutions and to optimise user experiences. Our legal basis for such processing is our legitimate interest in accordance with the GDPR article 6(1)(f). Our software also contains a security and reporting mechanism, which automatically collects and transmits data related to the installation and usage of the software to DHI, including any installation or use of illegal copies of the software. When you install and use our software, DHI will collect and process your personal data (identity data (name, username or similar identifier, email address, place of work, job position, address, location), usage data and technical data on the devices you use to access our software). The purpose of such processing is to verify user compliance with the terms of the applicable license agreement, identify unauthorised use and users of the software and otherwise to protect and enforce intellectual property rights. The legal basis for such processing is the GDPR article 6(1)(b) and/or (f). We may share your data with our suppliers of anti-piracy technology, as well as law firms and other enforcement partners and service providers responsible for protecting and enforcing our intellectual property rights.
When you sign up for an event
. We will process personal data about you as listed in the event you sign up for, e.g., name, email address, position, company, etc. The legal basis for such processing is the GDPR article 6(1)(b), as the information is necessary for DHI to provide you with information on the event and for you to participate in the event.
When you sign up for an online or physical training course or webinar
. We will collect personal information about you in connection with your communication and interaction with us (name, position, email address, telephone and your place and address of employment). The legal basis for such processing is the GDPR article 6(1)(b).
When you sign up for DHI newsletters
, we will process your personal data and other relevant data (name, company, position, email, telephone number, IP address, newsletter subscription date, date for marketing consent, areas of interest, information about whether newsletters and marketing information you receive from us are opened and when (time and date), information about whether links in newsletters and marketing information are clicked (e.g. which links you choose to click on, what content you read, the number of links you click on and use of email client)). We process the above personal data based on your consent, cf. the GDPR article 6(1)(a), to enable us to target our communication with you and send you relevant newsletters. Targeted newsletters allow us to provide content aligned with your interests and analysing interaction data helps us optimise our newsletters for better engagement. We also use first and third-party cookies to collect information about your behaviour when you receive our newsletters and marketing information. To the extent you have accepted statistical cookies, information gathered by these will be used for marketing purposes combined with the email marketing permission in accordance with our legitimate interest, cf. the GDPR article 6(1)(f).
When you download our eBooks
. We will process personal data about you in connection with the download, e.g., name, email address, position, company, etc. The legal basis for such processing is the GDPR article 6(1)(b), as the information is necessary for DHI to deliver the eBook.
When you create an account and/or buy products or services at our websites
. We will process personal data about you in this connection, e.g., name, email address, position, company, etc. The legal basis for such processing is the GDPR article 6(1)(b), as the information is necessary for DHI to create the account and deliver the purchase.
When you are registered in our CRM-system
. If you or the company you represent are a customer of DHI or if you register digitally (request information, register for newsletters, webinars or training courses, apply to subscriptions, respond to surveys, download eBooks, create accounts and/or buy products or services at our websites) or physically (register for a physical event or training course) with DHI, we will register you in our CRM-system and accordingly process your personal data (name, position, email address, telephone number and your place of employment). The purpose for such processing is to establish and develop a strong relationship with existing and potential customers. We register whether you wish to communicate with us in a specific language and your location to provide personalised services. Understanding your language preferences allows us to tailor our communication to better suit your needs. Knowing your location helps us offer relevant content, comply with local regulations, and enhance your overall experience. The personal data are provided by you when you engage with us, e.g. in connection with conclusion of contracts, subscription to newsletters, participation in courses, webinars or events, completion of contact forms or information requests, and similar relevant interactions. The purpose of collecting this data is to fulfill our contractual obligations, provide relevant services, and communicate with you effectively. Our legal basis for such processing is the performance of the contract and/or our legitimate interest in accordance with the GDPR article 6(1)(b) and/or (f). The legitimate interests we pursue when processing data in our CRM-system are to be able to attend to our daily customer management and customer relations as well as accounting and financial tasks.
When you visit a DHI location
. We will process your personal data to identify you for visitor registration (name and place of employment) and if you access our guest Wi-Fi (IP address). At some DHI locations there may be surveillance cameras, and if you appear on any footage, this will entail the processing of your personal data. The legal basis for these processing activities is the GDPR article 6(1)(f), as it is in our legitimate interest to control access, enable you to access Wi-Fi during your visit and to have video surveillance at our physical locations for security and crime prevention purposes.
When you contact us
. We will process personal data (contact information, e.g., name, email address). The legal basis for such processing is the GDPR article 6(1)(b) (if you contact us regarding an existing or potential contract) and/or (f) (to be able to respond to your inquiry, where no contractual relationship exists).
When you participate in voluntary follow-up interviews or participate in case stories,
we will process and may publish your personal data such as name, position and the name of the company you represent, with the purpose of improvement, quality review and marketing of DHI’s products and services and thus following to the provision of such products and services to you or the company you represent. The legal basis for such processing is the GDPR article 6(1)(f) and/or the GDPR article 6 (1)(a), to the extent your consent is required.
When you participate in a conference call, video conference or webinar (‘online meetings’) using ‘Teams’ and ‘Zoom’.
The Teams service is provided by Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited (One Microsoft Place, South County Business Park, Leopardstown, Dublin 18 D18 P521, Ireland). The Zoom service is provided by Zoom Video Communications, Inc. (55 Almaden Boulevard, 6th floor, San Jose, California 95113, USA) and used for webinars, where this service provides features required for the webinar. As online meetings will imply processing of audio and/or video of you, this will entail the processing of your personal data. We require the effective implementation of online meetings in order to fulfil our business purposes. The legal basis for processing is the GDPR article 6(1)(b).
When you participate as an external instructor
, presenter
or speaker at webinars, podcasts or courses hosted by DHI.
We will process personal data about you when introducing you (name, work email, submitted CV and short biography). Further, DHI may record webinars, podcasts and courses for the purpose of making such recordings available online to participants. DHI may for this purpose use photos and/or videos (or voice recordings) of a course presenter delivering the course content. DHI may publish webinars and courses on YouTube (platform operator: Google Ireland Limited Gordon House, Barrow Street Dublin 4) or Vimeo (platform operator: Vimeo.com Inc., 330 West 34th Street, 10th Floor, New York, New York 10001, USA) and accordingly transfer your personal data to YouTube or Vimeo. Podcasts will be published on a podcast platform. Podcast platforms, YouTube and Vimeo are independent data controllers and will process your personal data in accordance with their privacy policies. DHI may also use the photos and/or audio for marketing purposes externally on social media (LinkedIn, Facebook etc.) and on our website, as well as internally in DHI. For further information on use of personal data as part of our social media presence, please see the section on social media below. You will always be asked and informed before photos are taken and/or video or audio of you is recorded. The legal basis for such processing is the GDPR article 6(1)(b) and/or (f).
When you appear in photos and/or video recordings shot by DHI
. Recordings can be made in various contexts and occasions, e.g., meetings, workshops, receptions, and other events. Such photos and/or video may be used for both commercial and non-commercial purposes, and both internally, e.g., on our intranet, and externally, e.g., on our websites, and on social media as a part of our company page or in individual posts on LinkedIn, Facebook, etc. For further information on use of personal data as part of our social media presence, please see the section on social media below. You will always be informed before photos are taken and/or video of you is recorded, and we will make sure that none of the photos present you negatively. Your personal data, i.e., photos and/or video recordings are collected directly from you (when shooting the photo and/or video), or from group entities when we share photos and/or video recordings of you. Further, photos/and or video recordings may be collected from professional photographers hired to shoot the recordings. When processing personal information in the form of photos and/or recordings, DHI relies on our legitimate interest in using photos and/or video recordings as the purpose of the photos and/or video is not to portray you but DHI as organisation. Accordingly, the processing is carried out in accordance with the GDPR article 6(1)(f), and considering the business purpose of the events, your interest as participant is generally assessed not to override DHI’s interests.
When you interact with us on social media
. DHI is active on various social media platforms, and has profiles on Facebook (platform operator: Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, Merrion Road, Dublin 4, D04 X2K5, Ireland), LinkedIn (platform operator: LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company, Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Ireland), Vimeo (platform operator: Vimeo.com Inc., 330 West 34th Street, 10th Floor, New York, New York 10001, USA), YouTube (platform operator: Google Ireland Limited Gordon House, Barrow Street Dublin 4), X (Twitter International Unlimited Company, One Cumberland Place, Fenian Street, Dublin 2, D02 AX07, Ireland), and other platforms. We collect your personal data when you interact with us on social media, e.g., visit our pages/sites, view content, like, follow, share or mention us etc., and when you communicate with us through social media. We also collect data from the respective social media operator, which is intended to provide us with statistical information about the use of our content and to advertise our content. Our processing is carried out in accordance with the GDPR article 6(1)(f), as social media presence is necessary to pursue our legitimate interest in marketing and to obtain knowledge about users of DHI’s social media, as well as to communicate with users of DHI’s social media.
When you interact with us on social media, the respective platform operator may collect personal data from you, e.g., your IP address, log files, information about you personally (e.g. age, gender, interests), to use for their own purposes. The data collected about you in this context will be processed by the respective platform operator and may be transferred to countries outside the European Union. You can read more about the specific data that the social media platform operator processes about you when you visit our company site on social media in the privacy policies of the relevant third parties:
Facebook:
Facebook Privacy Policy
LinkedIn:
Linkedin Privacy Policy
Vimeo:
Privacy Policy on Vimeo
YouTube:
Google Privacy Policy
X:
X Privacy Policy (twitter.com)
Together with Facebook and LinkedIn, DHI is the joint data controller for the collection of personal data about you when you visit our company’s sites. You can read more in the agreement on joint data responsibility with Facebook
here
, and LinkedIn
here
.
When DHI performs analysis of public satellite images and public data on water levels
for our own databases and/or on behalf of our customers, DHI may potentially process personal data, as the title number/parcel number in the land registry may potentially expose personal data. We note that the satellite images and data on water levels are publicly available and, thus, primarily come from the following source
https://scihub.copernicus.eu
. We may combine these publicly available data with other non-sensitive datasets, whereas our legal basis for such processing is our legitimate interest in accordance with the GDPR article 6(1)(f).
When you are stated as employee emergency contact (next of kin) by an employee with DHI
. We will collect personal data about you (name and contact information) from the DHI employee and process such information to be able to contact you in case of an emergency. The legal basis for such processing is the GDPR article 6(1)(f).
USE OF PERSONAL DATA
We will use personal information only in ways that are compatible with the purposes for which it was collected or subsequently authorised by you. DHI will take reasonable steps to ensure that personal information is relevant to its intended use, accurate, complete, and current.
Please note that we will only use your personal data to send marketing material if you have given your explicit consent unless legislation allows us to contact you without your prior consent.
SHARING AND TRANSFER OF PERSONAL DATA
DHI does not sell or trade your personal data to third parties. We do not transfer your personal data to third parties without your consent, except for what is described in this section.
Entities in the DHI Group
Your personal data may be shared within the DHI Group with all DHI affiliated companies on a need-to-know basis, for example where DHI entities provide services, products etc. to you or your employer, where you in compliance with the above are registered in our CRM-system in relation to marketing activities or where one of the DHI entities provides data processing (marketing, business operations, security, compliance etc.), for one or more other group entities. A list of all affiliated companies may be found on the following link:
https://worldwide.dhigroup.com
.
Business partners, suppliers, etc.
Your personal data may also be disclosed to third parties (partners or suppliers of DHI, for example IT or cloud service providers), for the purposes of operating our business, delivering services for e.g., securing, hosting, analysing and improving our services or solutions, sending marketing material or newsletters and for other purposes, on a legal basis. To the extent these third parties are data processors or sub-processors for DHI, they will only process personal data on behalf of DHI and in accordance with DHI’s instructions, as described in a data processor agreement.
Public authorities, law enforcement authorities and regulators, attorneys, consultants
Under specific circumstances and with reference to legislation, it may be necessary to transfer information to public authorities or the police. For example, information may be disclosed to the police in case of suspicion of theft. Further, data may be shared with third parties in connection with complying with our legal obligations or establishing, exercising or defending rights or claims.
In the case of a reorganisation, full or partial sale of a DHI entity, any disclosure in such connection will be in accordance with current legislation for the processing of personal data.
Transfers to third countries
If your personal data is transferred to data controllers or data processors located in countries outside the EU/EEA not ensuring an adequate level of data protection, such transfers will be adequately safeguarded by DHI, e.g. through the DHI intra-group data processing and transfer agreement, the EU Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses with third parties or as otherwise required under national data protection law. Please contact us if you wish further information.
RETENTION OF PERSONAL DATA
We will delete your personal data when we no longer need to process it in relation to one or more of the purposes set out above. However, the data may be processed and stored for a longer period in anonymised form.
We process and store your personal data based on the following general considerations for retention periods:
as a minimum for the time period in which we deliver a service to you,
in accordance with law, contract, or our legal obligations,
or as long as the data is necessary for the purposes for which it is collected, or longer if it is required by contract, applicable law, or for statistical purposes governed by appropriate security measures.
The retention periods for specific processing activities are stated in the following:
For consultancy services, DHI stores personal data contained in contract material for eight years after termination of the contract. However, the retention period may be prolonged in the event of commercial and legal needs to document cases, processes, decisions, etc. Extension of the retention period may e.g. be necessary due to DHI’s contractual obligations, such as warranties and confidentiality obligations. Correspondingly, the retention period may be abbreviated if required, e.g., under national legislation.
Personal data in relation to the use of DHI websites is deleted depending on the functionalities you choose to use. The retention period is stated by independent terms that are associated with the functionality, e.g. in the DHI Career Centre.
Personal data collected through cookies will be deleted in accordance with the expiry periods listed in our
cookie policy
.
Personal data received in social media inboxes is deleted after no more than one year unless a legitimate interest exists for prolonging storage. Comments, likes and similar public reactions to our profiles and posts are usually not deleted. However, you may delete such reactions yourself. DHI may also delete reactions to the extent they are found abusive or insulting. Data on social media is stored by the social media provider in accordance with their privacy policies. Please refer to the links to these in section 2 above.
If you have registered for one or several of our newsletters, we store your personal data for as long as you wish to receive information from us plus two years.
If you send us a request or submit a contact form, we will store your personal data for up to two years from the date you contacted us.
Personal data in relation to your attendance at an event, seminar, workshop or webinar is retained until you unsubscribe or withdraw your consent, after which they are deleted.
Personal data in relation to an information request is deleted two years after the last action, at the latest.
Personal data in relation to visitors to our offices is anonymised 31 days after registration.
We store your personal data in our CRM-system for as long as it is necessary for the purpose(s) for which it is processed. Generally, data in the CRM-system is stored for 5 years following the termination of the business relationship but under special circumstances such periods may be shorter or longer for the purpose of complying with legal and/or commercial requirements for the deletion or storage of data.
COOKIES
We use cookies on our websites. You can read more about the use of cookies in our
cookie policy
.
SECURITY
DHI works systematically with data, including personal data. We strive to ensure ongoing confidentiality, integrity, availability and resilience when processing your personal data. We have implemented required and relevant technical and organisational measures to protect personal data processed to ensure no data is lost, destroyed, manipulated or made available to unauthorised parties. Measures implemented include specific measures under the following headlines:
Physical access to data processing facilities
Logical access to data
User access & controls
Transmission controls
Organisational controls (policies and procedures)
We conduct annually recurring awareness training and certification of all employees in DHI, including courses in GDPR and Cyber and Information Security. All employees are required to read and confirm having read relevant policies and guidelines.
In the event of physical or technical incidents, we make every effort to restore the availability and access to your personal data in a timely manner. Personal data breaches are always handled in accordance with an internal process and are, in relevant cases, reported to the Danish Data Protection Agency (‘Datatilsynet’) and if relevant, to the individual in accordance with the rules set out in the GDPR.
YOUR RIGHTS
As a data subject, you have certain rights related to DHI’s processing of your personal data. If you wish to exercise any of these rights, please contact the data controller specified in section 1 of this policy. In general, you are entitled to receive information on action taken on a request within one month of receipt of the request.
Subject to the conditions set out in applicable data protection legislation, you have the following rights:
Right of access
You have the right to request access to the personal data DHI processes about you, i.e., ask us for copies of your personal information. Exemptions may apply to this right, implying that you may not always receive a copy of all information DHI processes.
Right to rectification
You have the right to request rectification of your personal information that you think is inaccurate. This also includes completion of incomplete personal data.
Right to erasure (right to be forgotten)
You have the right to ask us to erase your personal data in certain circumstances, e.g., where you withdraw your consent to processing.
Right to restriction
You have the right to ask us to restrict our processing of your personal data in certain circumstances.
Right to data portability
This right only applies to personal information you have provided yourself. You have the right to request a transfer of such personal information to you or directly to another controller. The right only applies if we are processing information based on your consent or under, or in connection with entering into, a contract and the processing is automated. Where these conditions are met, you have the right to receive the personal data concerning you in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format.
Right to object
Legitimate interests
You have the right to object, on grounds relating to your particular situation, at any time to processing of personal data concerning you which is based on DHI’s legitimate interests as legal basis for the processing (as set out in the GDPR article 6(1)(f)). If you object, DHI will no longer process the personal data unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing, which override your interests, rights and freedoms, or if processing is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
Direct marketing purposes
Where your personal data is processed for direct marketing purposes, you have the right to object at any time to processing for such purposes. If you object, DHI will no longer process the personal data for direct marketing purposes.
WITHDRAWAL OF CONSENT
You may, at any time, withdraw any consent you have given, and we will delete your personal data, unless we can continue the processing based on another purpose. If you wish to withdraw your consent, please contact us at
GDPR-security@dhigroup.com
or +45 4516 9200.
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES ETC.
Our websites may contain links to other websites or to integrated sites. We are not responsible for the contents of the websites of other companies or for the practices of such companies regarding the collection of personal data. When you visit other websites, you should read the owners' policies on the protection of personal data and other relevant policies.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to update and amend this privacy policy on an ongoing basis, as it will be necessary to do so. The privacy policy will be updated at least annually. This privacy policy replaces all previous versions.
This privacy policy was last updated June 2024.
COMPLAINTS
If you wish to appeal against the processing of your personal data, please contact us by email, telephone or letter as in section 1 above. You may also file a complaint with your local data protection authorities, a list of which can be found here:
https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_en
.
FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS ONLY
The purpose of this section is to provide information to California residents pursuant to the California Consumer Protection Act of 2018 (CCPA). Personal data also includes any information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a ‘consumer’ or ‘household’ as defined therein. The content of this privacy policy applies also to California residents. You will not be discriminated against for exercising any of your rights under the CCPA, and we do not and will not sell your personal data to third parties. You have an absolute right to opt-out of processing of personal data, and may exercise that right by sending an email to
GDPR-security@dhigroup.com
or writing to us at the following address: DHI A/S, Agern Allé 5, 2970 Hørsholm, Denmark.
ANONYMISED BEHAVIOURAL TRACKING
We also collect and process information on an anonymised basis when you use our websites and/or apps (‘behavioural tracking’). Accordingly, such tracking does not entail processing of personal data.
This applies to the primary DHI websites but also to websites related to our product and services (e.g.,
www.dhigroup.com
,
www.mikepoweredbydhi.com
,
www.worldwide.dhigroup.com
,
www.theacademybydhi.com
,
www.eo.dhigroup.com
,
www.bathymetrics.shop
).
Whether you have accepted cookies or not, we use the open-source, privacy-friendly service Matomo Cloud (‘Matomo’) to provide us with insights on your behaviour when using our websites and apps. We collect, measure, analyse and report user data for purposes of understanding the use of and optimising our websites and apps, such as anonymised IP address, approximate geolocation (country, region, city), date and time, files that were clicked and downloaded, pages visited (including URL and title), page viewed prior to the current page, link clicks to an outside domain, referrer links, the time spent on certain pages, the clickstream and also data about your browser settings (manufacturer of the browser and its version), device used, the screen resolution and the operating system used.
We may also collect and store parts of your IP address and information about the loading speed of our website. From this data, we can only create anonymous usage profiles and extract statistical information.
The Matomo service is provided by InnoCraft Ltd., 150 Willis Street, 6011 Wellington, New Zealand. New Zealand is considered to provide an adequate level of protection for transfers of personal data from the EU under an existing adequacy decision. Matomo data is hosted inGermany. You can find Matomo’s Privacy Policy
here
.
We store the anonymised data for up to two years from the date on which we registered your visit to our websites.
Opt-out of website tracking
You can opt out of being tracked by Matomo below. You may choose to prevent this website from aggregating and analysing the actions you take here. Doing so will protect your privacy but will also prevent DHI from learning from your actions and creating a better experience for you and other users.
If you have any questions about cookies or processing of personal information, please contact us at
GDPR-security@dhigroup.com
Please note that by default, Matomo respects users’ preferences and will not track users who have specified ‘I do not want to be tracked’ in their web browsers (‘Do not track’).