Privacy Policy
1. Scope and purpose
The Focal and Naim brands (collectively referred to as the "
Brands
", "
we
", "
us" and "our
") have joined forces to create the "Focal Powered By Naim", "Focal" and "Naim" websites (hereinafter referred to as the "
Sites
") designed to present the world of their products in the best possible way.
This personal data protection policy (hereinafter referred to as the "
Policy
") describes the framework within which the Brands collect, use, store and share information collected from users of the Site (hereinafter referred to as the "
Users
", the "
User
", "
you
", "
your
").
You will also find our contact details in order to send us your questions and/or exercise your rights under the applicable European data protection regulations.
The Brands pay particular attention to the protection of Users' personal data.
By using the Sites, or by providing information, the User acknowledges having been informed of the Policy and having accepted it.
2. Information and Data collected
Personal data refers to information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (hereinafter the "
Data
"). Examples of Data include your name, address or telephone number.
In the course of our activities, we may collect, directly or indirectly, certain Data from Users. This Data depends on the use made of the Site and the information provided.
We collect three types of information: (1) Data that the User communicates directly; (2) information collected automatically; and (3) information collected from other sources.
(1) Data provided directly by the User
The Data we may collect and process when you use the Sites are as follows:
- To subscribe to our newsletter: e-mail address, surname, first name, country;
- To create an account: e-mail address, surname, first name, country;
- In the account area, you can enter personal information: surname, first name, date of birth, e-mail address, telephone number, city, zip code, country;
- In the account area, you can also register your purchase in order to obtain a warranty extension certificate for eligible products. To do this, you can fill in the purchase invoice, which includes at least your full name, address and place of purchase;
- On the various contact forms, depending on your request, you may be asked to provide your surname, first name, e-mail address, postal address and telephone number;
- To use the Store locator, you may be asked to provide your geolocation.
(2) Information collected automatically when using the Site
When a User visits the Sites for information purposes, the Brands collect certain information automatically. Various third-party technologies are used, including cookies and similar tools. For further information, please consult the
Cookies policy
.
The information collected in an automated manner includes: date and time of visit to the Site, country of consultation of the Site, content of the request (specific page), access status/HTTP status code, volume of data transmitted, website from which the request originated, browser, operating system and desktop, language and version of browser software, state or country of connection, characteristics of hardware or software used, referring and exit URLs, pages consulted and the order in which they are consulted, time spent on certain pages.
This data is nevertheless anonymized.
(3) Information collected from other sources
The Brands may receive information from other sources, such as business partners, marketing services, social networking services or other third parties.
For example, if the Site is accessed via another third-party website, application or social networking platform, the Brands may receive information via that third-party website, application or platform.
This data is nevertheless anonymized.
Anonymization of certain information: Certain information collected is anonymized so that it cannot reasonably be used to identify the User or his or her device. Brands may also collect information that has already been anonymized. The Policy in no way restricts the use or disclosure of anonymized information, which may be used and/or disclosed to third parties for any purpose, without limitation.
3. Legal basis and purposes of data collection
The Brands collect and use Data on one or more of the following legal bases:
- prior consent: in this case, the User has the right to revoke his or her consent at any time ;
- a contractual basis: processing is necessary as part of a contract between the Brands and the User.
The collection and processing of Data has various purposes, which mainly include:
- managing the User's customer account ;
- issuing extended warranty certificates, where applicable;
- responding to a User's questions, requests and suggestions.
4. Data protection
The Brands implement appropriate technical and organizational controls to safeguard Data against unauthorized or unlawful processing and against accidental loss, destruction or damage, in compliance with applicable laws.
5. Data storage
User Data is stored on :
This site is hosted on Amazon Web Services (AWS) infrastructure, in a data center located in France. AWS is an Amazon Web Services Inc. company, headquartered at 410 Terry Avenue North P.O. Box 81226 Seattle, WA 98108-1226 - USA - (206) 266-1000.
The platform on which the data is stored guarantees optimum protection of the Data, in compliance with current legislation.
6. Data transfer
It is possible that certain Data may be transmitted to third parties, within the limits provided for by law or by a decision issued by a judicial/administrative authority.
It is also possible that certain Data may be transmitted subject to the User's consent, in particular to resellers or distributors worldwide.
Data is generally stored and processed within the European Economic Area (EEA). All transfers are carried out in compliance with the rules laid down by the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
In certain situations, Brands are required to transfer Data outside the EEA. The laws of the countries to which your Data is transferred may not present the same level of protection for personal data, but such transfers are carried out with adequate guarantees, in particular contractual guarantees, in accordance with the regulations applicable to the protection of personal data.
If Data is shared with a third party, the Brands will take all necessary measures to ensure that the third party complies with the obligations of confidentiality and respect for Users' privacy.
7. Data retention period
The Brands retain Data for no longer than is necessary for the purposes for which it is processed.
8. User rights
The User has a right of access to the Data. Processed Data may be transmitted to the User in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format.
The User has the right to rectify Data. The User is invited to update their data regularly.
The User also has the right to delete Data. The Brands may nevertheless decide to retain the Data, in compliance with applicable laws and regulations.
If the User does not wish to delete the Data, they may request that its processing be limited.
The User may, at any time, for any reason relating to his or her particular situation, object to the processing of Data where such processing is based on legitimate interests.
The User also has the right to object to the processing of Data for direct marketing purposes.
Some Data processing operations are based on the User's consent. The User has the right to withdraw consent at any time.
Users wishing to exercise one or more of these rights may do so:
- By sending an e-mail to the following address
webmaster@focal.com
;
- By sending a letter to the following address:
Vervent Audio Group
For the attention of the webmaster
108, rue de l'Avenir
42350 La Talaudière
And :
- By providing information enabling the Brands to identify him/her (surname, first name, telephone number, invoice/order number);
- Enclosing proof of identity (copy of ID); and
- By specifying which right they wish to exercise.
It is also possible for Users to contact the French Data Protection Authority (CNIL) to make a complaint if they consider that they are unable to exercise their rights, by following
this link
.
9. Identity and contact details of the data controller
Vervent Audio Group, a one-person simplified joint stock company with capital of 32,422,660 euros, registered under number 801 358 235 in the Saint-Etienne Trade and Companies Register, with its registered office at 108 rue de l'Avenir, 43250 La Talaudière.
10. Third-party services
The Sites enable Users to access applications and links to services operated by third parties. These services fall outside the scope of this Policy. Users agree that the Brands are not responsible for these third-party services.
11. Modifications to the Policy
The content of this Policy may change over time, at the discretion of the Brands. The date of the last update will appear at the top of the Policy. The User is therefore encouraged to visit this page regularly.
12. Applicable law and jurisdiction
The Policy is governed by French law to the exclusion of its conflict of laws rules.
In the event of any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of or in connection with the Policy, including the validity, invalidity, breach or termination thereof, you have the right to have recourse to a conventional mediation procedure or any other alternative dispute resolution procedure.
Any dispute concerning the validity, interpretation or execution of the Policy shall be submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of the competent courts.
JOIN THE COMMUNITY
Receive a sneak preview of the latest audio innovations from Focal and Naim by subscribing to our exclusive newsletters. Be among the first to discover our new products, and receive privileged information straight to your inbox.
Subscribe to newsletter
close
Newsletter
New products and limited editions
Invitations to exclusive events
Benefit from special offers
Email*
Country*
Choose your country
France
Canada
Afghanistan
Aland Islands
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bonaire Sint Eustatius Saba
Bosnia and Herzegowina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
British Virgin Islands
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos Keeling Islands
Columbia
Comoros
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cuba
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Democratic Republic of the Con
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands Malvinas
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island  McDonald Island
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Ivory Coast
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Lybia
Macao
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
North Korea
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestine
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Republic of the Congo
Reunion
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Barthelemy
Saint Helena
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Sint Maarten
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia South Sandwich
South Korea
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunesia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
U S  Virgin Islands
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
United States Minor Outlying I
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatica
Venezuela
Vietnam
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
First name*
Lastname*
I would like to receive the newsletter for the following brand(s):
Focal
Naim
I agree to share my personal data for the purpose of this request and consent to the site's privacy policy.
Subscribe to our newsletter
By submitting this form you agree that Focal/Naim may collect the personal information provided above in order to process your request.