Privacy policy for Weather Office
Last Updated: July 23, 2023
What information does the Application obtain and how is it used?
Weather Office provides weather information for one or more locations as configured by you or by finding the nearest available location using latitude and longitude data.
If you do not want us to use your location for the purposes set forth above, you should turn off the location services for the application located in your account settings or in your device settings and/or within the application.
Automatic Data Collection and Advertising
We may work with analytics companies to help us understand how the Application is being used, such as the frequency and duration of usage. No Personally Identifiable Information is transmitted to or stored directly by X2 Sutdios, Ltd. for analytics.
"Weather Office+" & "Weather Office" for Android and iOS use Google Firebase analytics platforms
Google Privacy Policy
"Weather Office+" & "Weather Office" for tvOS uses Microsoft AppCenter analytics and crash reporting
Microsoft Privacy Statement
.
"Weather Office+" for iOS does not include advertising.
"Weather Office+" for tvOS does not include advertising.
"Weather Office" for android uses Google's Admob as an advertiser.
"Weather Office" for iOS uses Google's Admob as an advertiser.
We work with advertisers and third party advertising networks, who need to know how you interact with advertising provided in the Application which helps us keep the Application free. Advertisers and advertising networks use the unique identification ID of your device, on iOS the Advertising Identifier (IDFA) is used instead.
Advertising Identifier (IDFA): on iOS we will request to use the IDFA. You can change your choice at any time in the Settings.app, or by uninstalling and reinstalling the application.
The Application makes use of interest-based advertising served via the Admob SDK. Google's privacy policy can be found at https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
What are my opt-out rights?
You can stop all collection of information by the Application easily by uninstalling the Application. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your device or via the application marketplace or network.
Changing Your Consent Choices
This application will ask you to manage your consent options when you first use it. To make changes to your choices you will need to uninstall and then reinstall the application.
Data Retention Policy, Managing Your Information
With the exception of standard Apache security, error and access logging; X2 Studios, Ltd. does not retain any data on users of Weather Office.
Application data stored on your device may be deleted by uninstalling the application.
Children
We do not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should contact us at
support@x2studios.com
. We will delete such information from our files within a reasonable time.
Changes
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy at https://www.x2studios.com/weatheroffice/privacy.html. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes.
Your Consent
By using the Application, you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us. "Processing,” means using cookies on a computer/hand held device or using or touching information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information, all of which activities will take place in Canada. If you reside outside Canada your information will be transferred, processed and stored there under Canadian privacy standards.
Contact us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at
support@x2studios.com
.