Read article contents
icon
Increase size
icon
This website is operated by FC Bayern München AG (
„FCB“
or
„we“
). The protection of your personal data is very important to us. In this privacy policy, you will find information about the handling of your personal data when you visit the FC Bayern Munich website.
1. Controller and data protection officer
The party responsible for the processing of personal data on this website (the controller) is:
FC Bayern München AG, Säbener Straße 51-57, D-81547 Munich, Germany
Phone: +49 89 699 31-0
Email:
service@fcbayern.com
If you have any questions regarding data protection, you can also contact our data protection officer at
datenschutz@fcbayern.com
at any time.
2. Collection and use of non-personal data when using the website
If you use this website without transmitting data to us in any other way (e.g. by registration), we only collect technically necessary data that is automatically transmitted to our server by your browser (e.g. browser type/version, operating system used, referrer URL, pages accessed, length of visit, IP address, date and time of request) or that is required by technically necessary or functional cookies.
As far as personal data is concerned, we process this on the basis of our legitimate interest in providing you with a functioning, secure website (Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR). There is no merging of data with other data sources, unless we explicitly describe this elsewhere. We reserve the right to check this data retrospectively if we become aware of specific indications of illegal use.
More information about cookies and similar technologies can be found
here
.
3. Collection and use of personal data
a. Registration (myFCB)
When you register on myFCB, we process the following personal data relating to you: Place of residence, language of communication, email, password for your login and other information that you voluntarily provide to us, e.g. name, date of birth, information about your favourite player and newsletter preferences.
When you use myFCB, we also process the following information, which you make available to us in the registered area at myFCB or which arises during your use. This includes, for example, information about your address, telephone numbers or account or credit card information, licence plate (parking permission), information about your membership with FC Bayern München eV, the Kids Club, the Fan Club, the purchase of tickets or products in the Fan Shop, subscriptions to FC Bayern.tv as well as top-ups of your ArenaCard. You can always view and change the specific data at myFCB.
We process this data in order to offer you the myFCB area, in particular to provide you with exclusive and personalised content, easy participation in competitions and easy access to offers and services (Art. 6(1)(b) GDPR).
We process your personal data until you have deleted your myFCB account and as long as it is necessary for the performance of mutual obligations in connection with myFCB. In addition, we store your personal data only for the assertion of or defence against legal claims or as long as legal obligations to store exist.
For IT security purposes, we also process technical information regarding your use of myFCB, such as your IP address and the time you logged on to myFCB. We process this information on the basis of our legitimate interest. Our legitimate interest is to provide you with a secure website (Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR). We delete this information 18 months after the respective registration on myFCB.
b. Ticket/fan article purchase and other contractual relationships
We only process personal data (e.g. name, delivery and billing address, date of birth, email, content of an order, price) if you have provided it to us in the context of a registration, order of products, and services or enquiries, and only insofar as this is necessary for the establishment, execution or termination of the legal relationship.
We process health data that you provide to us (e.g. your certificate of disability) only with your express consent (Art. 9(2)(a) GDPR) and only for the purposes stated in your respective consent declaration (e.g. provision of discounts when purchasing tickets). We will provide you with further information when we obtain this consent from you. To purchase certain tickets (e.g. arena tours) you will be redirected to the offers of our partners. Please also note the corresponding data protection information of these partner websites.
We process your personal data only as long as it is necessary for the performance of the contract and for the performance of mutual obligations. In addition, we store your personal data only for the assertion of or defence against legal claims or as long as legal obligations to store exist.
c. Sale of merchandise to customers outside the EU/EEA
Without myFCB login: If you have added merchandise in our Global Store shopping cart for delivery to an address outside the European Economic Area (EEA) and wish to complete the order, the FCB will redirect you to the checkout page of our e-commerce partner Global-e NL B.V., Krijn Taconiskade 430, 1087 HW Amsterdam, Netherlands. Global-e will then be your contracting party. FCB transmits data to Global-e regarding the products you wish to order (products in the shopping cart, quantity, price). FCB transfers this data to Global-e on the basis of Art. 6(1)(b) GDPR (necessity for the implementation of pre-contractual measures with Global-e). Global-e is an independent controller for the processing of the personal data that you provide for the purpose of the order. For more information about Global-e's processing of personal data, please refer to Global-e's privacy policy, available at
https://www.global-e.com/consumer-privacy-policy
.
With myFCB login: If you have placed fan articles in our Global Store shopping cart, wish to complete the order and are logged into your myFCB account, FCB also transfers your name, email address and billing adress and delivery address, which are stored in your myFCB account, to Global-e so that Global-e can already fill out the order form on the Global-e order page with this data. FCB transfers this data to Global-e on the basis of a legitimate interest in simplifying the conclusion of the contract with Global-e (Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR). If you do not want FCB to transfer this data to Global-e, you must log out of myFCB during your purchase and purchase as a guest.
After you have completed the order of the fan articles on the Global-e order page, FCB processes the data in connection with your order (name, delivery address, email address, telephone number, ordered products and quantity, price of the ordered products, order number and time of the order) so that the FCB can transfer the ordered products to Global-e and Global-e can deliver the ordered products to you. If you return an item to the FCB, we will notify Global-e of the return so that Global-e can refund you the price. The legal basis for the processing is Art. 6(1)(b) GDPR (contract performance).
We only process your personal data for as long as necessary for the aforementioned purposes. Beyond that, we only store personal data for the purpose of asserting or defending against legal claims or as long as there are legal obligations to store it.
d. Displaying content on the website
We use various service providers and technologies to be able to display the website as well as its essential content such as videos, images or social media posts to you in your internet browser. We may process some of your personal data for this purpose in individual cases. We do this to deliver content to your device, to thank you for your participation in a survey or to find hashtags from social media posts by fans about FC Bayern on the internet and to display the respective posts on the website. The legal basis for the processing is Art. 6(1) (b) GDPR (performance of a contract). In this context, your personal data will only be processed as long as it is necessary to display the content. In addition, we store your personal data only for the assertion of or defence against legal claims or as long as legal obligations to store exist.
Picture / graphic delivery
If necessary, we process information about your browser, operating system, and the URL you previously visited in order to deliver images and graphics optimally to your end device and to ensure the website’s stability. The legal basis for the processing is Art. 6(1)(b) GDPR (performance of a contract). Images or graphics could otherwise not be displayed on the website. We process your personal data for this purpose only as long as it is necessary to deliver the images and graphics to you. In addition, we store your personal data only for the assertion of or defence against legal claims or as long as legal obligations to store exist.
Social media hashtags
We process certain social media posts posted by you with an "FC Bayern Munich" hashtag (e.g. #fcb) on the basis of our legitimate interest (Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR). Our legitimate interest is to display and share posts from fans with an FC Bayern Munich hashtag on our website with other fans.
If you or other persons are depicted in your posts, we process the posts only with your prior consent (Art. 6(1)(a) GDPR), which you give by posting with a corresponding hashtag. You can revoke your consent at any time with effect for the future by sending us a message to
datenschutz@fcbayern.com
. The legality of the data processing carried out by us before revocation remains unaffected.
We process your personal data only until the above-mentioned purposes are fulfilled.  In addition, we store your personal data only for the assertion of or defence against legal claims or as long as legal obligations to store exist.
Further information on the processing of your personal data in this context, in particular also by social networks, can be found below in section 5.
Cookies
Information on the cookies and similar technologies used by us on the website can be found under section 4 below and
here
.
e. Newsletter Service
Newsletter Receipt
At your request, we process your personal data to send you regular newsletters and marketing information you have selected by email, providing information about current events as well as about attractive offers from FC Bayern München (FC Bayern München AG, FC Bayern München Merchandising AG & Co. KG, FC Bayern München Service AG & Co. KG, FC Bayern Munich LLC, FC Bayern Munich Shanghai Co. Ltd, FC Bayern Tours GmbH, Allianz Arena München Stadion GmbH, FC Bayern München e.V., FC Bayern München Basketball GmbH) and its official partners, which you can find
here ('
Newsletter
“).
If you subscribe to Newsletters, we process your email address and information on the newsletter delivery as well as optional details provided by you like country, language, salutation, name, date of birth and favourite player. To document your consent, we process the following data: the selected newsletter type, time of registration and technical data of the double opt-in procedure (‘
Newsletter Subscription Data’
).
A subscription to a Newsletter is only possible with your consent. The legal basis for the processing is Art. 6(1)(a) GDPR. You may unsubscribe from a Newsletter at any time, with effect for the future, via the link at the end of the newsletter, by email to
feedback-newsletter@fcbayern.com
or directly via your user profile in myFCB.
Observation of your interest in the newsletter
The Newsletter contains so-called "pixels". This allows us to observe whether or not you have opened or clicked on the Newsletter.
If we detect that you have not opened the Newsletter for a considerable period of time, we will assume that you are no longer interested in the Newsletter and will remove you from the distribution list. In this way, we do not process your data for an unnecessarily long period and we have an up-to-date distribution list at all times.
We process your data for this purpose on the basis of our legitimate to maintain a user-friendly and secure newsletter system that meets the users’ expectations (Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR).
Newsletter tracking
The Newsletter contains so-called "pixels". When you open the Newsletter, technical information such as information about the browser and your system as well as your IP address, the time of delivery of the Newsletter and your interactions with the Newsletter (opening, clicks on content and links; together: ’
Newsletter Usage Data
’) is processed by us. For the processing of your subsequent activities on our website or in our app, the information described in our cookie banner applies.
We process your Newsletter Usage Data to improve our Newsletter technically, to learn about our subscribers’ reading habits and to adapt the content to their preferences.
We process your Newsletter Usage Data  based on the consent you give us together with the Newsletter registration. The legal basis for the processing is Art. 6(1) (a) GDPR. You may withdraw your consent for the processing of your Newsletter Usage Data together with your consent for the Newsletter receipt at any time with effect for the future via the link at the end of the newsletter, by email to
feedback-newsletter@fcbayern.com
or directly via your user profile in myFCB.
Processing period
We process your personal data for these purposes (i) until you withdraw your consent with effect for the future or (ii) as long as you show interest in our newsletters. Furthermore, we store personal data only for the assertion of or defence against legal claims or as long as legal obligations for retention exist.
f. Personalisation of messages and content
If you have consented in particular in the cookie banner (personalization cookie) and when registering for the Newsletter/app and have not revoked or changed your consent, we will provide you with personalized Newsletters or push notifications as well as personalized content on our website, our apps and digital offers.
Personalization of messages and content
We personalize messages and content for you based on your interests, your behaviour and your input on our website, in Newsletters, in the apps and other digital offers of FC Bayern (in particular of us and of FC Bayern München Basketball GmbH). In particular, we process data stored by personalization cookies when you visit our website or our apps, Newsletter Usage Data and Newsletter Subscription Data (including email address), data on activities on the website or in the app when you are logged in (e.g. shopping cart, abandoned shopping cart, purchases made, shopping cart, abandoned shopping cart, purchases made, goods ordered and prices, date of purchase, returns, tickets, parking tickets), basic data and usage data from your myFCB registration (e.g. user ID, e-mail address, account data, membership number, preferred payment method, membership, interests) as well as data from other services, such as Bayern TV Plus subscriptions, Smart TV app and or the FC Bayern apps, in order to learn about your interests and to address you in a personalized manner.
Personalized messages by our FC Bayern Munich partners
You will also receive personalized messages from FC Bayern München partners (‘
Partners
’). For this purpose, we pass on suitable information about your interests as well as your e-mail address to our Partners. You can find a detailed list of our current Partners
here
.
Legal basis, revocation, adjustment
The legal basis for the personalization of messages and content as well as the sharing of your data with our Partners is your consent (Art. 6(1)(a) GDPR), which you give us in the cookie banner and when registering for the Newsletter. You can revoke or withdraw your consent at any time with effect for the future via the link in the newsletter, in the
Preference Center
in myFCB or via Email. You can also prevent or interrupt the merging of your data by logging out of your myFCB account and/or regularly deleting your personalization cookies. The legality of the data processing carried out by us prior to revocation remains unaffected.
We process your personal data for these purposes until you withdraw your consent with effect for the future. Beyond this, we only store personal data for the assertion of or defense against legal claims or as long as there are legal obligations to store it.
g. Product recommendations by email
Product recommendations for customers
As a customer of our online offer, you regularly receive product recommendations from us by email. You will receive these product recommendations from us irrespective of whether you have subscribed to a newsletter or not. We use the email address you provided as part of a purchase to promote our own goods and/or services that are similar to those, you have purchased from us based on an order you have placed.
The processing of your personal data for this purpose is based on our legitimate interest in direct marketing to existing customers (Art. 6(1) (f) GDPR). You may object to these product recommendations at any time, with effect for the future, by written notification to FC Bayern München AG, Säbener Str. 51-57 in 81547 Munich, using the link provided at the end of the recommendation email or by sending a message to
datenschutz@fcbayern.com
.
Newsletter and product recommendations for business partners
As the point of contact for our business partners, we regularly provide you with information by email about contract-related news, new or related offers that could be relevant for your company, and other information that could be important for the performance of our business relationship. We use the email address provided by you or your company as part of the commercial business relationship for this purpose.
The processing of your personal data for this purpose is based on our legitimate interest in keeping the contact persons of business customers informed about matters relevant to the contract and offers (Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR). You can object to receiving this email at any time with future effect by sending written notification to FC Bayern München AG, Säbener Str. 51-57 in 81547 Munich or at
datenschutz@fcbayern.com
. You can also let us know whether we should send this email to another email address of your company.
Detection of interest in the recommendation emails
The recommendation emails contain so-called "pixels". This allows us to determine whether or not you have opened or clicked on the recommendation emails.
If we detect that you have not opened the recommendation emails for a considerable period of time, we will assume that you are no longer interested in them and will remove you from the distribution list. In this way, we do not process your data for an unnecessarily long period and we have an up-to-date distribution list at any time.
We process your data for this purpose on the basis of our legitimate interest in the use of a user-friendly and secure “newsletter system” that meets the users’ expectations (Art. 6(1) (f) GDPR).
We will process your personal data for this purpose as long as you indicate an interest in our products or until you object to receiving product recommendations. In addition, we store your personal data only for the assertion of or defence against legal claims or as long as legal obligations to store exist.
h. Flyers, catalogues and all advertising delivered by post
We process your name, your address data and your interest in FC Bayern for marketing purposes if we are convinced that we have attractive offers ready for you.
The processing of your personal data for this purpose takes place on the basis of our legitimate interest in advertising by post (Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR).
You can object to the receipt of such direct advertising at any time by sending a written message to FC Bayern München AG, Säbener Str. 51-57, 81547 Munich or by email to
service@fcbayern.com
.
Upon receipt of your objection, we will immediately cease sending you marketing information and will not pass the data on to third parties for marketing purposes.
We process your personal data for this purpose as long as you show an interest in our products or until you object to receiving product recommendations. In addition, we store your personal data only for the assertion of or defence against legal claims or as long as legal obligations to store exist.
i. Contact
Contact form
On our website, you can enter personal data via a contact form. If you use the contact form, we process the data you enter in the input mask (e.g. surname, first name, street, street number, town, postcode, email address, message, time of request and server log data).
The legal basis for the processing is Art. 6(1)(b) GDPR (performance of a contract).
We use the data exclusively in order to process and answer your query.
We process the personal data you provide us to contact you only until we have conclusively answered your enquiry. In addition, we store your personal data only for the assertion of or defence against legal claims or as long as legal obligations to store exist.
Chatfunctionality
You can also use a chatbot on our website to get in touch (‘
Chat Functionality
’). The Chat Functionality is a customer support service that is initially based on the use of artificial intelligence (‘
AI
’) and then – depending on the content – hands over the conversation to one of our service employees. The chatbot runs on our instance, i.e. the data is not shared with third parties.
To provide the Chat Functionality, we store a chat ID, a random user ID, a session ID and the chat history in the local storage of your device. You can find more information about this in our cookie settings.
When you use the Chat Functionality, we process the chat history (e.g. last name, first name, address, email address and other data that you or the service employee enters into the chat) as well as technically required connection data and background information (e.g. URL, random user ID, session ID, user language). We process this data for the purpose of providing the Chat functionality. We also use the chat content (after removing any personal references) to analyse and optimise our Chat Functionality.
The legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR (performance of the contract to provide the Chat Functionality).
We process your connection data and background information until we have finally answered your chat request. We store chat content for up to 30 days. Beyond that, we only store personal data for the purpose of asserting or defending against legal claims or as long as there are legal obligations to store it.
j. Special promotions with partners
From time to time, we conduct special promotions together with certain business partners, during which you can also take advantage of attractive offers from our partners ("
special promotions
"). In order to carry out these special promotions, it may be necessary for us to process your personal data and pass it on to our partners. We will inform you about the details, in particular the identity of the respective partner and the processed personal data (e.g. name, address, email address), in each case in connection with your participation in the special promotion.
The processing of your personal data, including the transmission of your personal data to the respective partner, will only take place with your consent. The legal basis for the processing is Art. 6(1)(a) GDPR (consent). Our partners then process your personal data on receipt at their own responsibility. Therefore, please also note the corresponding data protection information of our partners.
We will only process the personal data you provide to us in connection with special promotions as long as this is necessary to enable you to participate in the special promotion. In addition, we store your personal data only for the assertion of or defence against legal claims or as long as legal obligations to store exist.
k. Accreditations
We process personal data in connection with the creation and use of authorization passes (
"Accreditations"
) for specially authorized visitors with a specific work assignment to FCB events (e.g. matches in the Allianz Arena) or appointments (
"Accredited Persons"
). Registration for an Accreditation can be made by the Accredited Person or by someone else on her/his behalf (e.g. the employer). Our data processing in connection with Accreditations also includes verifying the legitimate use of the Accreditation in accordance with the applicable terms and conditions as well as supplementary guidelines, processing reports of loss of the Accreditation and checking Accreditations in and out.
We process the following data for the above-mentioned purposes, each as required in the individual case: surname, first name, photo, company, position/title, department, address, license plate number, registration data such as email address and password, type of event/appointment and date, barcode on the Accreditation, check-in and check-out times, information on the loss of Accreditations (place, time, circumstances) as well as violations of the applicable terms and related guidelines. If Accredited Persons are authorized to bring along additional persons, we will process the full name, address, type of event/appointment and date of these persons.
The legal basis for the processing of such data is Art. 6(1)(b) GDPR (performance of a contract).
We process the personal data received from you or from authorized third parties for Accreditations only as long as this is necessary for your Accreditation. In addition, we store your personal data only for the assertion of or defence against legal claims or as long as legal obligations to store exist.
We reserve the right to conduct a background check via competent authorities as part of the Accreditation process if there are specific indications that such a check is necessary (e.g. relevant past misconduct). We conduct such procedure and transfer the corresponding data to the authority on the basis of our legitimate interests in ensuring that our events run smoothly and safely (Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR). Should we, in individual cases, be legally obliged to carry out such a background check (Art. 6(1)(c) GDPR), we will inform you in advance about such legal obligation, unless prohibited by law.
For further data processing in connection with your visit to the stadium, the following also apply:
Privacy Policy
of FCB on General Ticket Purchases and Stadium Visits, in particular for data processing in connection with video surveillance and image recording in the stadium and stadium bans; and
(if the Allianz Arena app is used) the
data protection information
for the Allianz Arena app that you can find in the Allianz Arena app menu under “Datenschutz”/”Data Privacy”..
l. Whistleblower System
Information on how FCB processes personal data in connection with the
Whistleblower System
that can be accessed via this website can be found under "
Privacy policy
" on the Whistleblower System page.
4. Cookies and similar technologies
a. What are cookies and similar technologies?
Some of our online services require that we use cookies or similar technologies such as pixels (collectively: "
cookies
"). Cookies, in this sense, are small files or other technologies that allow us to learn how you use the website.
b. What cookies are used on this site and how do I manage them with the cookie opt-in solution?
You can find a list of the cookies we use, descriptions of the purposes of the cookies and further information on the respective cookies
here
in our cookie consent solution.
On your first visit to our website and then at any time in our cookie opt-in solution, you can accept or decline individual cookies or all cookies separately by placing a green tick next to the cookie or removing it and then clicking on "Save settings".
The settings you make in the cookie opt-in solution are stored on your computer or mobile device. You will therefore need to do this again if you delete your browser history or use another device or internet browser.
The descriptions of cookies in this Section 4 also apply to other FC Bayern websites for which FC Bayern München AG is listed as controller in the cookie banner, e.g. https://fcbayern.com/basketball.
5. Integration of social plugins and social embeds
a. Social Plugins
We provide social plugins of the social networks Facebook (operated by Meta Platforms) and Twitter on our website. These are offers from the companies Meta Platforms Ireland Ltd. (4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland) and Twitter International Company (1 Cumberland St S, Fenian St, Dublin 2, D02 AX07, Ireland; Meta Platforms and Twitter together referred to as
"network operators"
). You can recognise these plugins by the respective Facebook and Twitter logos. You can use these plugins to like or to share or to otherwise be active directly on the relevant network.
Before you click on the Facebook "Share" and the Twitter "Tweet" button, only our server address will be transferred to Meta Platforms and to Twitter instead of your IP address and other data. We can achieve this by using a privacy-friendly alternative (Shariff button). You will remain invisible to the respective network operator for as long as you do not click on the social plugin to share content.
We use this privacy-friendly alternative (Shariff button) to prevent social networks from tracking and storing internet behaviour without the user’s active contribution. For more information on the solution used, please visit the following link:
http://www.heise.de/ct/ausgabe/2014-26-Social-Media-Buttons-datenschutzkonform-nutzen-2463330.html
By using the social plugin, you agree to the collection of your personal data by the respective network operator. The network operator will be responsible for the collection and processing of personal data, which subsequently takes place, including processing based on their use of cookies and similar technologies. Specifically, information about which of our websites you have visited and your IP address will then be transferred to the network operator, even if you do not have a profile with the respective social network or are not currently logged in to the network. If you are logged in to the social networks as a member, the network operator will attach the information to your personal user account.
We therefore recommend that you read the privacy policy of the relevant network before using the social plugin:
You will find more information about how your personal data is processed by
Meta Platforms
in the Meta Platforms privacy policy for Facebook at:
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/policy/
You will find more information about how your personal data is processed by
X
in the X  privacy policy at:
https://x.com/en/privacy
.
b. Social Embeds
We provide you with social embeds of the social networks Facebook, Instagram, X, YouTube and LinkedIn on our website. Social embeds are content from social networks that we integrate on our website so that it is not necessary to leave our website. This is called embedding. This involves the integration of posts, videos or other content from the companies Meta Platforms Ireland Ltd. (4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland; however, personal data may also be processed by Meta Platforms Inc, 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA), Instagram LLC (1601 Willow Road Menlo Park, CA 94025, USA; however, Meta Platforms is responsible for Instagram under data protection law, see above), Twitter International Company (One Cumberland Place, Fenian Street, Dublin 2 D02 AX07, Ireland; however, personal data may also be processed by X Corp., 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco CA 94103, USA), YouTube LLC (901 Cherry Ave., San Bruno, CA 94066, USA; however, Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House Barrow Street Dublin 4, D04E5W5, Ireland, is responsible under data protection law and personal data may also be processed by Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA) and LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company (Wilton Plaza, Gardner House 4,5,6, Dublin, Ireland; however, personal data may also be processed by LinkedIn Corporation, 605 W Maude Ave, Sunnyvale, CA 94085, USA) on our website.
You can recognise the social embeds by the respective logos of the companies or networks next to an image, post or other content that is recognisable as external. Once these social embeds have been activated, you will be able to see the content, which we have integrated on our website from the activated social network.
Before clicking on the respective "Show content" button ("
Activation Button
"), our privacy-friendly activation solution prevents your personal data, e.g. your IP address, from being transmitted to the relevant network operator. You will remain invisible to the respective network operator for as long as you do not click on the Activation Button.
We use this privacy-friendly alternative (activation solution) to prevent social networks from tracking and storing internet behaviour without the user’s active contribution.
By clicking the Activation Button, you agree to the collection of your personal data by the respective network operator. Alternatively, you may also enable social embeds via our cookie consent solution. The network operator will be responsible for the collection and processing of personal data that subsequently takes place, including processing based on their use of cookies and similar technologies. You should at least assume the following: Information about which of our websites you have visited and your IP address will then be transferred to the network operator even if you do not have a profile/account with the respective social network or are not currently logged in there. If you are logged in to the social networks as a member, the network operator will attach the information to your personal user account. We will not receive any of this information.
We therefore recommend that you read the privacy policy of the relevant network before clicking the activation button:
Facebook (operated by Meta Platforms):
https://de-de.facebook.com/policy.php
Instagram (operated by Meta Platforms):
https://help.instagram.com/155833707900388
X:
https://x.com/en/privacy
YouTube:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=de
LinkedIn:
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
Using our
cookie consent solution
you can deactivate social embeds in total or for individual providers for the future.
6. Data transfer to processors and other controllers
In some of the data processing described in this privacy policy, we work together with other companies. These other companies are either processors or other controllers. In addition to the information on data recipients made available in this privacy policy or in the cookie consent solution for specific cases, the following applies in this regard:
a. Processors
All personal data that we process in connection with this website is processed by us or so-called processors. Processors are companies that only process your personal data for us strictly in accordance with our instructions, such as IT service providers (e.g., for hosting and maintenance of the website; cookie providers and analytics providers) or advertising agencies. We use processors primarily to (better) provide our services to you. If these processors are located outside the European Economic Area (EEA), section 6. c. below applies additionally. We have carefully selected these service providers and concluded data processing agreements with them.
b. Other controllers
In certain cases, we may disclose your personal data to other controllers who process the personal data for their own purposes rather than in accordance with our instructions. We will then only share your data for specific purposes, to which these other data controllers must adhere. These purposes are:
Contract performance and service provision
Insofar as necessary for contract performance or the provision of services to you, we transfer your personal data to our contractual partners, e.g. in the context of orders for delivery to the parcel delivery company, in the Global store to ship to an address outside of the European economic area (EEA), in connection with your membership to FC Bayern München e.V., in connection with purchases in the Online Shop to FC Bayern München Basketball GmbH, as well as for login to the app and personalization of messages and content of FC Bayern München Basketball GmbH, for the provision of marketing services to cookie providers, or in the case of payments to the payment provider selected by you.
The transfer of your personal data to these other controllers for these purposes takes place on the basis of contract performance(Art. 6 (1)(b)GDPR), or on the basis of our legitimate interest (Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR) in making our business efficient.
Personal Data is transmitted to FC Bayern München Basketball GmbH in connection with myFCB (ticketing, online shop and login to the app) for the purpose of performing a contract (Art. 6(1)(b) GDPR) or on the basis of your consent (Art. 6(1)(a) GDPR), which you have given to FC Bayern München Basketball GmbH (Newsletter) or to us (surfing behaviour in the cookie banner at https://fcbayern.com). If you have not given consent, e.g. for the transmission of cookie data which can be collected without consent, we will only transmit aggregated data to FC Bayern München Basketball GmbH from which your identifiers have been removed on the basis of our legitimate interest (Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR; our interest and the interest of FC Bayern Munich Basketball GmbH in providing a functioning website).
If you request this, we will transfer your contact details (your email address and/or phone number) to parcel delivery companies so that the parcel delivery companies can inform you about details regarding the delivery of your order (e.g. package notifications). The transfer of your personal data to shipping companies for this purpose is based on your consent (Art. 6(1)(a) GDPR). You can withdraw your consent at any time with effect for the future by sending a message to us (datenschutz@fcbayern.com).
These other controllers may only use the transferred data for the purpose for which we transferred it. If these controllers are located outside the EEA, section 6. c. below will apply in addition.
Credit checks
In justified cases (e.g. direct debit procedures), we exchange address and creditworthiness data with credit service companies and credit agencies in Germany for the purpose of credit checks. These companies only receive personal data as necessary for the performance of the respective activity (e.g., name, address, date of birth) from us. The legal basis is our legitimate interest (Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR) in avoiding a credit default risk.
Legal obligation or enforcement of legal claims
Otherwise, we will only disclose your personal data to other controllers if and to the extent required by law, to enforce legal rights, or to investigate or prevent suspected or actual illegal activity. In these cases, we will inform you separately about the respective transfer if and to the extent legally required.
c. Joint controllership with other FC Bayern entities
In connection with myFCB (see section 3. a.), our Newsletter service (see Section 3. e.) and the personalization of messages and content (see section 3.  f.) your personal data will be processed by FC Bayern München Basketball GmbH (
‘FCBB’
) and FC Bayern München eV (
‘FCB eV’
) under joint control with us. We are responsible for the operation of myFCB, the registration and administration of users (website and app),  sending Newsletters (provided these do not exclusively concern FCBB (in particular the FCBB Newsletter with exclusive reference to the FCBB, without the user's consent to the personalisation of addresses and content) or FCB eV), the sale of football tickets and merchandise in the online shop, the personalization of messages and content, processing in connection with the Kids Club and for the creation of blacklists (these include users who have violated our terms and conditions, such as those regarding ticket resales).
Within the scope of joint controllership, FCB e.V. is responsible for the processing of personal data in connection with the administration of the club membership of the data subjects.
Within the scope of joint controllership, FCBB is responsible for the processing of personal data in connection with (i) the administration of personalisation data, marketing preferences, the sending of marketing communications and the personalisation of basketball-related content, and (ii) transactions via the digital platform in the area of basketball ticketing (e.g. purchases via the online shop), in each case if and to the extent that they relate to FCBB.
For the joint controllership relation, we have concluded a joint controllership agreement in accordance with Art. 26 GDPR. Please contact our data protection officer to assert data subject rights in connection with the responsibilities of the FCB mentioned here. You will find the contact details of our data protection officer in section 1 of this privacy policy.
d. Transfer to third countries
If we transfer your personal data to processors or other controllers in countries outside the European Economic Area (EEA) (for example, in the USA), we implement the standards and security mechanisms required by law. We achieve this, for example, by agreeing on the so-called EU standard contract clauses. Please contact us as described in section 1 to learn more about the specific security mechanisms we use.
7. Secure data transmission
All personal data you transmit to us during your visit on the website in general and during the ordering process in particular, are transmitted in encrypted form. We establish a so-called SSL connection for each transaction. SSL (Secure Socket Layer) is a procedure in which your data is encrypted in such a way that it cannot be read by unauthorised persons during transmission on the Internet.
You can recognise the SSL connection by the fact that the Internet address has changed from http:// to https://. In addition, the secure connection is usually indicated by a closed padlock in the status bar of your web browser.
8. Your rights
You have the following legal rights against FC Bayern München AG with regard to your personal data, provided that the respective requirements are met. You can find further information on your rights and the relevant requirements on the EU Commission's website at https://commission.europa.eu/law/law-topic/data-protection/reform/rights-citizens_en.
a. Right of access
As a data subject, you have the right to request confirmation as to whether we process personal data that concerns you. If this is the case, you have the right to information about this personal data, as well as other information, e.g., the processing purposes, the recipients and the planned duration of storage or the criteria for determining the duration.
b. Right to rectification and completion
As a data subject, you have the right to demand the correction of incorrect personal data without delay. Taking into account the purposes of the processing, you have the right to request the completion of incomplete personal data.
c. Right to erasure ("right to be forgotten")
As concerned data subject, you may have the right to the erasure your personal data. For example, if your personal data is no longer necessary for its original purpose, you have revoked your consent, or the personal data has been improperly processed.
d. Right to restriction of processing
As a data subject, you have the right to restrict the processing in the cases prescribed by law.
e. Right to data portability
As a data subject, you have the right, in the cases prescribed by law, to receive the personal data concerning you in a structured, common and machine-readable format.
f. Right of objection
As a data subject, you have the right to object at any time to the processing of certain personal data concerning you for any reason relating to your particular situation.
In the case of direct marketing, as adata subject, you have the right to object at any time to the processing of personal data concerning you for the purpose of such marketing, including profiling insofar as it is linked to such direct marketing.
g. Right to revoke your consent under data protection law
You may revoke your consent to the processing of your personal data at any time with effect for the future. However, the lawfulness of the processing carried out before the revocation is not affected.
h. Right to complain to a data protection authority
You have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the Member State in which you reside, your place of work or the place where the alleged infringement was committed, if you believe that the processing of your personal data violates the GDPR.
The responsible supervisory authority for FC Bayern München AG is the Bayerische Landesaufsicht für Datenschutz (
https://www.lda.bayern.de/de/kontakt.html
).
9. Changes
Our privacy policy and also the descriptions in our cookie consent solution may change from time to time. This also includes further developments due to changes in our business and adjustments due to a changed legal situation and/or due to the implementation of new technologies or services on the website. Any updates to the privacy policy will be published by us on this page. In the event of significant changes, we will point this out accordingly. If you have any further questions that our privacy policy could not answer, please send an email to the following address:
datenschutz@fcbayern.com
Version: March 2025