Privacy Policy
Effective date: July 21, 2019
Decibels ("us", "we", or "our") operates the Decibels mobile application (the
  "Service").
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and
  disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have
  associated with that data. Our Privacy Policy  for Decibels is created with the
  help of the
Free
  Privacy Policy Generator
.
Information Collection And Use
We do not collect any data with the app.
Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites
  that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be
  directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the
  Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and
  assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any
  third party sites or services.
Children's Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age
  of 18 ("Children").
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable
  information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and
  you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Data, please
  contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from
  children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that
  information from our servers.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from
  time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy
  Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a prominent
  notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the
  "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to
  review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy
  Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy,
  please contact us:
By visiting this page on our website:
  http://iphone.bannach.ch/apps/Decibels.html