This Privacy Policy was last modified on February 10, 2025.
Life360 protects and connects your loved ones, pets, and important items to make your life easier and less stressful. We take your privacy as seriously as you do, and we are committed to protecting it.  This Privacy Policy explains our practices regarding the collection, use, disclosure, transfer, storage, and protection of personal information that is collected through our products and services, as well as your choices regarding the same.
As you review our Policy, keep in mind that it applies to Life360, Inc.’s ("Life360", "we", "our", or "us") websites, mobile apps (Life360, Tile, and Jiobit), help center and other associated services we provide (“Services”).  It also applies to Life360 physical devices (e.g., Tile trackers and partner products that have the Tile-finding technology embedded within them) as well as other products such as Labels (“Products”).
Before accessing or using our Products and/or Services, please ensure that you have read this Policy and understand how we collect, store, use, and disclose your personal information as described herein.
Table of Contents
I. INFORMATION WE COLLECT
II. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
III. ADVERTISING ACTIVITIES
IV. DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION
V. YOUR CHOICES ABOUT YOUR INFORMATION
VI. OUR POLICY TOWARDS CHILDREN
VII. HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION
VIII. ADDITIONAL STATE, COUNTRY AND REGION-SPECIFIC PRIVACY TERMS
A. ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURES FOR RESIDENTS OF CERTAIN STATES
B. ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURES FOR THOSE IN EUROPE
C. ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURES FOR THOSE IN AUSTRALIA
IX. LINKS TO OTHER WEB SITES AND SERVICES
X. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
XI. CONTACT US IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS OR CONCERNS
XII. PREVIOUS POLICY
I. INFORMATION WE COLLECT
The information Life360 collects depends on what Life360 Products or Services you use and how you use them.
A. Information You Give Us Directly
When you create or modify a Life360, Tile, or Jiobit account, update your preferences, purchase and/or activate a Product, contact us (including by social media or via our Help Center), participate in an online survey, or otherwise interact with Life360’s Products and Services, we may collect a variety of information, including:
Account Information. Your username, email address, real name, nicknames, date of birth, mobile phone number, password, shipping and billing addresses, and Products activated. You may also choose to provide a photo to associate with your Life360 account, Tile, or Jiobit Products.
Circle Information. When you create a Circle in your Life360 app and invite a friend or family member to join your Circle, we collect their name, email address, mobile phone number, and photo if one is provided.
Identity Verification. In certain circumstances, for instance, depending on the features of our Products and Services you use or based on your age and country of residence, we may take steps to verify that a parent or guardian has consented to use of the Services by a child. We work with an identity verification vendor that may collect information from or an image of a government-issued ID or an image of you (for example, a selfie), which may be used with facial recognition technology. (Note: the digital age of consent may vary by jurisdiction and Life360 may adjust our parental consent process accordingly.) For more information, please click
here
.
Transaction Information. When you place an order for a Product or upgrade to a premium subscription, you will need to provide an email address, a first and last name and/or a shipping address. Any payment information you provide is processed by the relevant billing and/or payment processor. We may also collect information such as which version of the Product or subscription service you are using, the date and time that you activated your account, the duration of your subscription, the data related to any subscription cancellation request, and any in-app purchases you may make.
Optional Account Information. We may collect information when you customize features within our Products or Services (for example, labeling locations on your in-app map within Life360, using "Smart Alert" for a Tile device, or providing emergency information about the wearer of a Jiobit device, such as their, height, weight, gender, ethnicity, race, medications, allergies, and medical conditions including whether the individual is special needs and the category of such special needs, or pet breed in the case of an animal).
Contest Prize and Tax Information. If you are the recipient of a contest or sweepstakes prize that requires tax reporting, we may collect identifiers associated with your government-issued documents (such as a social security number).
Feedback and Social Interactions with Us. We collect information when you provide Life360 with feedback or otherwise interact with us, such as when you comment on a blog post, or when you tag Life360, Tile, or Jiobit on a social media post.
Other Information You Provide to Us. Information you provide in response to surveys about our Products or Services, any information about your friends that you provide us through our referral services, information you provide when seeking help from us, such as your name, email address, telephone number, mailing address and records (including call recordings) and technical information related to the issues you experience.
B. Information We Collect Automatically When You Use or Interact with our Products and Services
We and our service providers may collect other information when you use our Products and Services, such as:
Device Information. This includes information about your device, hardware and software information, such as your mobile device identifiers, operating system, IP address, or browser information (including browser type and language preference), device make/model, Wi-Fi connection, battery status, and advertising identifiers.
Location and Movement Information. With your consent, we collect precise geolocation data (including GPS coordinates and latitude/longitude information) through your mobile device or our Products that transmit precise geolocation data. We also collect information about your location such as city or zip code inferred through your IP address and information through technologies like Wi-Fi and Bluetooth.
Driving Event Information and Motion Activity Information. This information includes information about how and where you are moving such as your speed, altitude, and heading, and is collected from technology embedded in your mobile device, such as gyroscope, accelerometer, compass, and Bluetooth. This information indicates things like whether you are cycling, walking, running, or driving, how fast you are going, and whether you are speeding up or slowing down.
Information Collected via Tracking Technologies. When you use our Products or Services, such as using our apps, visiting our websites, or reading our emails, we and our partners may use a variety of technologies, including cookies, web beacons, pixels, clear GIFs, log files, embedded scripts, SDKs, location-identifying technologies, or other tracking/recording tools (collectively, "Tracking Technologies"), to collect some of the information described in this section and other information about your activity on our Services, such as links you click, features you use and actions you take within our Services, whether you open emails or click on links in emails from us, ads you view or click on, information about your activity on specific pages of our websites, such as mouse movements and keystrokes, and app performance data. We may combine this information with other personal information we collect about you.
C. Messages and Member Content
We collect information when you message other members of your Circle through use of our Services, and any photos or videos you send via the in-app messaging to other members of your Circles. With your permission, we may also access your photo or camera roll on your mobile device.
D. Information Provided to Us by Third Parties
We may receive information about you from other sources. If you connect another account to your Life360 account, we receive information from the companies providing you these services, As an example, when you
link your Tile account to a voice assistant such as Google Assistant or Alexa, we may collect precise geolocation data for all Tiles scanned by the device for members who have linked their account to that service.
E. Information We Derive
We may also derive information or draw inferences based on the other information we collect, including precise geolocation data. For example, we may predict that you would be interested in certain offerings or send you certain reminders based on how you have previously interacted with our Services or your typical movement patterns.
II. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
We use your information to provide, maintain, and improve our Products and Services, to research and develop new products and features, and to promote our Products and Services, as further explained below.
A. To Provide the Life360 Products and Services
We may use information about you to:
Provide the Products and Services to you, including to record the location and movements of devices linked to our Services;
Manage your account with us, including authenticating access, verifying identity, and keeping track of your preferences and choices;
Personalize your experience on our Services, such as to display a personalized browsing history;
Measure interest in Life360’s Products and Services;
Ensure the integrity, security and perform internal quality control and optimization of our Products and Services;
Communicate with you about your account;
For informational, transactional, marketing and operational purposes, such as account management, customer service, or system maintenance;
To process applications, transactions, and payments;
To prevent potentially prohibited, harmful, or illegal activities, including to detect or prevent fraud;
Provide technical support and repair errors or bugs in our Services; and
To enforce our Terms of Service and this Privacy Policy and comply with our legal requirements.
B. Marketing Life360 Products and Services
Life360 may use information to market our Products and Services, such as by sending emails, newsletters, mailings, or making phone calls from us, as allowed by applicable law, for marketing purposes such as to provide you with information related to Life360’s or our business partners’ products and services or upcoming special offers that may be of interest to you. You can opt out of these communications at any time, see
below
for details.
We may also use the information we collect to understand the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns.
C. Research and Development
We may use information we collect in order to:
Understand how users engage with our Products and Services, including to monitor which features are popular, metrics, and trends;
Conduct individual or market research and analytics;
Help us to optimally deliver our existing Products and Services;
To develop new products and services; and
For research and internal analysis.
D. Connecting with Social Media
When you choose to connect or interact with our Services through a Social Network, or if you use social features, the information provided to Life360 via those Social Networks or social features may be used to verify information that you have independently provided to Life360 and to enhance our ability to provide you with information about our business, products, and Services.
These social features are operated solely by the respective Social Networks, and their service providers, and we recommend that you carefully read their privacy policies before you decide to use them. We have no control over or access to the information collected, stored or used by such Social Networks, and the information practices of such Social Networks are not covered by this Privacy Policy.
III. ADVERTISING ACTIVITIES
We engage others to provide analytics services, serve advertisements, and perform related activities within our Services and to advertise our Products and Services to you on non-affiliated sites and services. To do this, Life360 uses the information we collect about you and your activity on our Services. We use this information, sometimes combined with other information we receive from third parties, to select which ads you see on our Services. We also disclose certain information, such as identifiers and activity and device information collected through Tracking Technologies and a hashed version of your email, to advertising partners both to select relevant ads to show you on our Services or to deliver advertising targeted to you on other companies' sites or mobile apps, understand the effectiveness of this advertising, analyze and track data, and better understand your activity. You have control over these practices. On our mobile apps, you may opt out by following the instructions behind the "Your Privacy Choices
" link available in the Privacy & Security section in the settings menu or by using the controls available through your mobile device's operating system. When you use these controls, we will also stop disclosing your information to our business partners for their own use as described
below
. You can learn more about these controls on at the
Limit Information Sharing with Third-Party Partners Through In-App Privacy Settings
information page. To opt out of these practices on your web browser, please follow the instructions behind the "Your Privacy Choices
" link in the footer of our websites. You can learn more by visiting the help article entitled:
To Opt-out of Life360 Sharing Data with Third-parties for Advertising Purposes
.
IV. INFORMATION WE DISCLOSE
We or you may disclose your information to different Life360 Services, our subsidiaries, and to third parties for our or their purposes as described below.
A. Disclosing to Others in Your Life360 Circles, or Friends
You may choose to disclose your personal information to other members of your Life360 Circles (Tiles may be shared with third parties who are not a member of your Circles upon your request, via the in-app “Unlimited Sharing” setting, which may be modified by you at any time), including your:
full name;
email address;
precise geolocation data;
driving event data;
information about your use of our Service with members of your Circles (e.g., whether you have logged in on a new device); and
Tiles.
In addition, other members of your Circles may disclose your personal information in certain circumstances, such as:
if a member of your Circle enables voice actions on services such as Google Assistant-enabled or Alexa-enabled devices, your personal information (including name, Tile name, and last place seen for each Tile) may be displayed to your Circle members on screen or via audio response on any device with the voice action enabled.
To prohibit this data disclosure, you must ask the member of your Circle member to disconnect their account from the voice action-enabled devices, or you can leave the Circle shared with that member.
B. Information Posted to our Blogs, Community Forums or Other Public Websites
Any information or content that you voluntarily submit, or post to the Life360 or Tile websites or blogs, community forums, or comments you post to our Facebook page (or other social media pages) will automatically be available to the public. We may publicly post your reviews and comments online on our website or mobile app or link your reviews to third-party websites.
We are not responsible for any information you choose to provide on social media pages, or for any content or communications you receive as a result of sharing such information.
To request removal of your information from our website or blogs, please contact us at
shareyourstory@life360.com
.
C. Service Providers and Advisors
We may disclose your personal information to our vendors and consultants who help us provide our Services or who perform services on our behalf, such as accounting, managerial, technical, email or chat services, marketing or analytic services, fraud prevention, bot detection, web hosting, and to others that provide services or features to our members on our behalf.
D. Business Partners that Provide Certain Services to You
We may disclose personal information, including contact information and location and movement data (including precise geolocation data), mobile device information (such as information generated by the gyroscope and accelerometer in your device), application analytics (including IP address and device identifiers), technical and analytical data, and driving event data with business partners that provide certain features and services you elect to use through or in connection with our Products or Services. Some examples of these integrated services offered by our business partners include:
Crash Detection and Emergency Dispatch Services
;
Roadside assistance
;
Identity theft protection
; and
Driving analytics services
.
E. Business Partners for Their Own Use
In addition to disclosures of certain personal information for Life360's advertising purposes described
above
, we also disclose certain information, including precise geolocation data, movement data, and other information, about your use of our Services to select business partners for their own uses, including to combine with other information to derive insights and analytics and use for their own and others' advertising and monetization purposes. We do not make available your contact information (e.g. your name, email, phone number) for such purposes. You can opt out of these disclosures by following the instructions behind the link titled "Your Privacy Choices
" in the Privacy & Security section of your app account settings and learn more here:
Limit Information Sharing with Third-Party Partners Through In-App Privacy Settings
.
F. Purchasers and Other Third Parties in Connection with a Business Transaction
We may at any time buy or sell/divest the company, or any portion or combination of its products, services, assets and/or businesses. Personal information such as member names and email addresses, and other member information related to our Services will likely be one of the items transferred in these types of transactions. We may disclose, transfer or assign such information in the course of corporate divestitures, mergers, acquisitions, bankruptcies, dissolutions, or similar transactions or proceedings.
G. Law Enforcement, Regulators, and Other Parties for Legal Reasons
We may disclose personal information to third parties (including but not limited to, law enforcement, other government entities, or civil litigants) when required to do so by law or subpoena, or if we determine (in our sole discretion) that disclosure is necessary to: (a) conform to the law, comply with legal process, or investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected or actual illegal activities; (b) to enforce our
Terms of Service
, this Privacy Policy, to take precautions against liability, to investigate and defend ourselves against any claims or allegations, or to protect the security or integrity of our site; and/or (c) to exercise or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Life360, our employees, members or others.
H. Aggregate Insights
We provide select business partners aggregate information that is deidentified and combined with similar data of other users that cannot reasonably be linked to or used to identify any individual, household, or device, which these partners may use for their own commercial purposes like market analysis or research. We give you controls over this activity, as described
below
.
V. YOUR CHOICES ABOUT YOUR INFORMATION
We believe in transparency and providing you with the opportunity to make important decisions about how your information is used, processed, stored and shared as outlined in this Section V (Your Choices about Your Information).
A. Modifying, Correcting, Accessing, Opting Out, and Deleting Your Information
You may correct or modify your account information or personal information (e.g. name, email address, or phone number), or change your password by logging in to your App, clicking on “Settings” and then “Account” (for Life360) or “Manage Account” (for Tile or Jiobit Apps).
You may request to access or review the information we collect or disclose about you, the categories of sources of such information, the business or commercial purpose for collecting your information, and the categories of third parties with whom we disclose personal information, or request that your information be deleted by submitting a request as described below. Please note that the information provided via the in-app links described in this section does not include technical information or support records. If you would like to request information related to your support records, please contact us directly at
privacy@life360.com
.
In the Life360 app, you may:
Exercise your right to Opt in or Opt out of App-based personal information sales (described
above
) and activities that involve use of personal information for "targeted advertising" (described
above
) by following the instructions provided behind the “Your Privacy Choices
” link in the Privacy & Security section of your app account settings. If you opt out, you will still see ads on our Services, but we will not use third-party data to select these ads.
Request to access or delete your personal information by visiting the “Additional Data Rights” page in the Privacy & Security section of your app account settings and selecting “Request Your Personal Information” or “Delete Your Account” to submit your request. We will process your request and send a confirmation email.
In the Tile and Jiobit apps, you may:
Request deletion of your personal information through the Tile app by clicking on “Settings,” then “Manage Account,” and finally by clicking on “Delete Account” and following the on-screen instructions.
Request deletion of your personal information through the Jiobit app by clicking on “Menu,” then “Account,” then “Manage Account," and finally by clicking on “Delete My Data” and following the on-screen instructions.
To exercise your other rights related to the Tile or Jiobit Products and Services please contact us as further described below with your detailed request.
You may also request the closure and deletion of your account by contacting us at
privacy@life360.com
with your deletion request. Please include your full name, the email address associated with your Account, and the service you are using.
Note:
prior to deletion of your Tile account, you may transfer your Tiles to another Tile customer by following the instructions found in our support pages covering the
Transfer of a Tile
. Tiles may only be transferred from or to active accounts.
For Tile customers: If you delete your account or other personal information, the location information associated with active Tile Products may still be collected anonymously from other Tile Community members who are running the app and are within Bluetooth range of your device. To completely disable this type of information collection we recommend you transfer the Tiles prior to account or data deletion, and remove the battery from or disable your Products.
B. Controlling Aggregate Insights
As described
above
, we provide aggregate information to select business partners for their own use. You may decline to have your information aggregated and used for these purposes by using the choice offered in your account in the Life360 app by clicking “Settings,” the “Privacy & Security,” and finally “Aggregate Insights.”
C. Communications from Life360
We may periodically send you promotional newsletters and emails. You have the ability to opt-out of these by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the emails you receive. Certain communications, such as billing information and Service updates are necessary for you to receive and you will not be able to opt-out of these communications. For more information about the types of communications Life360 may send, and for detailed instructions on how to opt-out please see the following:
Email and Telephone Communications
; and
Mobile Devices and Push Notifications
.
D. Location and Movement Data Collection and Sharing in the Life360 App
We collect, use, and disclose precise geolocation data, driving event, and movement data as described above. You have many options to control this data collection and sharing activity through the App Settings:
Opt out of disclosures of this personal information to advertising and business partners by following the instructions behind the "Your Privacy Choices
" link in the Privacy & Security section of your app account settings;
Opt out of Aggregate Insights as described
above
;
Limit Location Sharing with Your Circle(s)
;
Limit Drive Detection
; and
Disconnect Location Data and Movement Data in Device Settings
.
If you no longer want to continue using the Products and/or Services, uninstalling the Life360, Tile, or Jiobit app (as applicable), removing the battery from or disabling the Products, and logging out from our Service will also stop us from collecting your location.
E. Web-Based Personal Information Sales
You may opt out of the use and sharing of your personal information collected from our websites for purposes of showing targeted advertisements on other online properties by visiting the "Your Privacy Choice" link in the footer of the website and adjust the toggles as applicable.
Please note these settings must be completed for each browser on each device you use and for each of our websites (
Life360.com
,
Tile.com,
and
Jio.com
) separately, and will not affect App-based settings. If you clear your cookies or your browser is set to do so, you will have to exercise the choice again.
VI. OUR POLICY TOWARDS CHILDREN
Life360 takes special precautions to protect the privacy of our younger members. Life360 does not knowingly collect personal information from children who do not meet applicable minimum age requirements without verifiable consent of a parent or guardian, and our Services are only intended to be used by children with significant parental or guardian involvement and approval.
If Life360 learns that we have inadvertently collected personal information of a child without parental consent as required by law, we will take appropriate steps to delete this information. If you are a parent or guardian and discover that your child has a registered account with our Services or is using our Products without your consent, please alert us immediately by emailing
privacy@life360.com
.
As a parent or guardian, by enabling your child to create a member account and/or permitting your child to use the Products or Services, you expressly agree to the practices described in this Privacy Policy and you consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of your child’s personal information as described herein.
A. Setting up a Child Account
If a parent wishes to add a member who is a child to our Services, we request the parent provide verifiable consent, through one of several methods, such as by verifying the parent’s driver’s license during sign up, or by submitting a parental consent form (available
here
) via mail or email. The child will then be able to participate in most aspects of the Life360 Services. In some instances, our Products are intended to be worn and used by children and pets. By providing the Products to a child, you represent and warrant to Life360 that you consent to such child’s use of our Products and Services and further consent as a parent to enable and permit Life360’s collection and use of the information from the Products and Services used by the child as stated in this Privacy Policy and the
Terms of Service
.
B. Personal Information We Collect about Children
We take special precautions to collect only as much information as is reasonably necessary for the child to use our Products and Services.
C. Information Disclosures about Children
Life360 may disclose a child’s personal information to our third-party vendors, service providers, and business partners that offer integrated services as described in this Privacy Policy. We do not share or sell personal information of members we know to be children, nor do we show ads  in child accounts. Profile and location information for children using the Service may be shared with other members of any Circle the child joins. Please note the child may exchange messages with those Circle members. You are responsible for monitoring your child’s account and location-sharing activity through our Products and Services and for blocking or permitting location-sharing features.
D. Contact Us Regarding your Child’s Account or Information
The parent or legal guardian has a right to request to review or have deleted the child’s personal information and may withdraw consent for our Products and Services to collect any further personal information from the child. Please contact us at
privacy@life360.com
to request to review and/or delete any personal information we may have collected from the child, or to withdraw permission for Life360 to collect any additional information from the child. We will require the parent or guardian to provide us with sufficient identification before providing access to, or acting upon, such personal information, or acting upon such request.
VII. HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION
Life360 cares about the security of your information. The actions we take to protect your personal information are described below.
A. Security
We have implemented appropriate standards to reduce the risk of unauthorized or unlawful access of your personal information. No security system is impenetrable and we cannot absolutely guarantee the security of our systems and your information.
We will never send you unsolicited messages or contact you by phone to request sensitive information, such as your account ID, password, payment, or national ID numbers. Please note that the e-mails and other communications you send to us are not encrypted, and we strongly advise you not to share any sensitive information through these means.
If any information under our control is compromised as a result of a breach of security, we will take reasonable steps to investigate the situation and where appropriate, notify any impacted individuals and take steps in accordance with any applicable laws and regulations.
B. Accuracy and Confidentiality of Your Email Address and Password
You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your password and ensuring the email address associated with your account(s) is accurate. We use your email address to contact you about service updates, changes to our policies, and account activities such as requests for your information. We recommend using a strong password unique to this service. If you believe your account has been compromised, change your password immediately via the applicable app or website.
Life360 is not responsible for information or data transmitted to a third party as a result of a member providing an incorrect phone number or email address.
C. Jiobit Device Security
Jiobit devices use unique hardware to deliver strong security and encryption. Our devices include a dedicated security chip required to communicate with our secure servers and are intrusion resistant. Unlike most other connected devices, it cannot be reprogrammed - part of the circuit board is physically burned away during manufacturing. Jiobit location data is encrypted at rest and while in transit.
D. Fraud Prevention
To prevent the misuse of our Services by bots or other nefarious means, we use anti-bot services to ensure the integrity of our service, for more information click
here
.
E. Data Retention
Life360 retains the information we receive as described in this Privacy Policy for as long as you use our Products or Services or as otherwise necessary to fulfill the purpose(s) for which it was collected, to resolve disputes, establish legal defenses, conduct audits, pursue legitimate business interests, enforce our agreements, and to comply with applicable laws. The purposes for which we process information may dictate different retention periods for the same types of information.
VIII. ADDITIONAL STATE, COUNTRY, AND REGION-SPECIFIC PRIVACY TERMS
A. Additional Information for Residents of Certain U.S. States & California Notice at Collection
Some U.S. states have enacted privacy laws that grant their residents certain rights and require specific disclosures ("State Privacy Laws"). If you reside in California, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Iowa, Montana, Nebraska, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Oregon, Texas, Utah, or Virginia, this section applies to you.
This section also serves as our California notice at collection.
Additional Disclosures
Above we explain how we
collect
,
use
, and
disclose
information about you, as well as our
advertising practices
. As required by certain State Privacy Laws, we use the tables below to explain this same information.
Use and Disclosure of Personal Information for Business Purposes
Category
of Personal Information
Categories of Recipients
Use of Personal Information
Identifiers such as your name, user name, account name, mobile phone number, email address, shipping address, online identifiers, device identifiers, IP address, mobile device identifiers, and mobile advertising identifiers. We also collect certain identifiers, such as email address and mobile phone number of individuals you choose to add to your Circle.
Commercial information, such as Products activated, subscriptions purchased, date and time you activated your account, duration of the subscription, data related to any subscription cancellation request, and in-app purchases. Any payment information provided is processed by the relevant billing and/or payment processor.
Internet or Electronic Network Activity information such as information about you activity on our Services, links you click, features you use and actions you take within our Services, whether you open emails or click on links in emails from us, ads you view or click on, app performance data, and device information such as browser type and language preferences, device make/model, and Wi-Fi connection).
Geolocation and movement information, including precise geolocation data (which is “sensitive” personal information under certain State Privacy Laws) as well as broad location and motion information such as altitude, heading, and speed.
Driving event and motion activity information collected through technology embedded in your mobile device, including gyroscope, accelerometer, compass, and Bluetooth, and includes information related to your motion activity (such as cycling, walking, running, or driving) and information about your speed, acceleration, and deceleration.
Inferences (such as consumer preferences drawn from other information we collect).
Demographic information, such as your age and gender, in connection with your account setup or if you use one of our Tile or Jiobit Products.
Attributes that may be considered “sensitive” under State Privacy Laws, including information about your race, ethnicity, religion, or health conditions, if you choose to provide it in connection with certain Services we offer, such as emergency assistance.
Other content and information you choose to provide to us, such as customer support messages and feedback.
Other members of your Life360 Circles with whom you choose to share personal information and non-Circle members with whom you have requested to share Tiles via the in-app “Unlimited Sharing” setting.
Service providers and advisors, such as vendors that assist us with accounting, managerial, technical, email or chat services, marketing or analytic services, fraud prevention, bot detection, and web hosting.
Business partners that provide certain features and services you elect to use through or in connection with our Products or Service, such as Crash Detection and Emergency Dispatch Services, roadside assistance, identity theft protection; and driving analytics services.
Government agencies, regulators, and others as necessary for legal purposes.
Recipients in connection with business transfers.
Others with your consent or otherwise at your direction.
To provide the Products and Service to you, including to record the location and movements of devices linked to our Services;
To manage your account with us, including authenticating access, verifying identity, and keeping track of your preferences and choices;
To personalize your experience on our Services, such as to display a personalized browsing history;
To measure interest in Life360’s Products and Services;
To ensure the integrity, security and perform internal quality control and optimization of our Products and Service;
To communicate with you about your Account;
For informational, transactional, marketing and operational purposes, such as account management, customer service, or system maintenance;
To process applications, transactions, and payments;
To prevent potentially prohibited, harmful, or illegal activities, including to detect or prevent fraud;
To provide technical support and repair errors or bugs in our Services;
To enforce our Terms of Service and this Privacy Policy and comply with our legal obligations.
To market Life360 Products and Services.
To understand how users engage with our Products and Services, including to monitor which features are popular, metrics, and trends;
To conduct individual or market research and analytics;
To help us optimally deliver our existing Products and Services;
To develop new products and services; and
For research and internal analysis.
Certain information we process is considered "sensitive" under State Privacy Laws, such as precise geolocation data, personal information of children, and, if you select to use certain features within our Products and Services, such as emergency assistance, you may provide us information about health conditions and your race, ethnicity, or religion. We process such sensitive information only with your consent, or, in the case of children, with the consent of the child's parent or legal guardian.
As described in the
Information We Collect
section above, we collect personal information from various sources, including directly from you, automatically when you use or interact with our Products or Services, and from third-party sources.
We retain personal information as described in the
Data Retention
subsection above.
Sales, Sharing, and Targeted Advertising Activities
TEXAS NOTICE: We may sell your sensitive personal data.
We engage in activities which may be considered "sales," "sharing," or use of personal information for "targeted advertising" under State Privacy Laws:
As described
above
, we license certain information, including precise geolocation data (which is "sensitive" personal data under certain State Privacy Laws) to select business partners for their own advertising and monetization purposes.
As described
above
, we also disclose certain categories of personal information to third parties to engage in targeted advertising, including to promote our Products and Services on third-party websites and to inform the targeted ads shown to you on our Services.
The table below provides more information about the information we disclose and the nature of third parties that receive it for such purposes.
Category of Personal Information
Category of Third Parties
Identifiers (such as pseudonymous cookie IDs, IP address, device IDs, advertising IDs, and hashed email address).
Internet or Electronic Network Activity information (such as information about you activity on our Services, links you click, features you use and actions you take within our Services, ads you view or click on, app performance data, and device information such as browser type and language preferences, device make/model, and Wi-Fi connection).
Inferences (such as predictions about your interests based on other information we collect).
Advertising and marketing partners and networks;
Social Networks; and
Select business partners that engage in advertising, marketing, research, and analytics.
Geolocation and movement information, including precise geolocation data (which is “sensitive” personal information under certain State Privacy Laws) as well as broad location and motion information such as altitude, heading, and speed.
Driving event and motion activity information collected through technology embedded in your mobile device, including gyroscope, accelerometer, compass, and Bluetooth, and includes information related to your motion activity (such as cycling, walking, running, or driving) and information about your speed, acceleration, and deceleration.
Select business partners that engage in advertising, marketing, research, and analytics.
We do not engage in sales, sharing, or targeted advertising using personal information about anyone we know to be under the age of 18.
Your Rights Under State Privacy Laws
Opt Out of Sales, Sharing, and Targeted Advertising
You may opt out of activities that we engage in that may constitute "targeted advertising," "sharing," or "sales" of personal information, including precise geolocation data, under the State Privacy Laws. To opt out:
Follow the instructions behind the "Your Privacy Choices
" link in the footer of each of our websites to opt out of disclosures for such purposes via Tracking Technologies on our websites. Your opt-out choice will be linked to your browser only; therefore, you will need to renew your opt-out choice if you visit our website from a new device or browser, or if you clear your browser’s cookies. You can also opt out by visiting our websites with a legally recognized universal opt-out signal enabled, such as the Global Privacy Control.
Follow the instructions behind the "Your Privacy Choices
" link available behind the “Privacy & Security” option in the settings menu of our apps to opt your account out of disclosures by Life360 of your information—including a hashed version of your email address—for such purposes and Life360’s use of third-party information to inform the ads you are shown on our Services. We will also treat your account as opted out of these activities if you use controls available through your mobile device’s operating system.
Use these tools to opt out will also direct us to limit our use and disclosure of precise geolocation data, which we considered "sensitive" under certain State Privacy Laws.
Access, Correction, and Deletion
You have the right to (1) request to know more about and access your personal information, including in a portable format, (2) request deletion of your personal information, and (3) request correction of inaccurate personal information. If you would like to submit a request to exercise your rights, please follow the instructions set forth
above
.
Alternatively, you may submit a request to exercise your rights under State Privacy Laws via email by contacting us at
privacy@life360.com
and including your account name and mobile telephone number as well as the consumer right you would like to exercise. To protect your privacy and security, we take reasonable steps such as verifying your email address and specific information to verify your identity and request. For faster response time, we recommend members submit all requests through the in-app Privacy & Security Settings.
Nondiscrimination
We do not discriminate against you for exercising any of your privacy rights. Note that we may need certain information in order to provide our Services to you; if you ask us to delete your account, for example, we will no longer be able to provide Services to you.
Appeals
If we deny your request, you may appeal our decision by contacting us at
privacy@life360.com
. If you have concerns about the result of your appeal, you may contact the attorney general in the state where you reside.
Authorized Agents
If you reside in California, you may also designate an authorized agent to submit an access, deletion, or correction request on your behalf. Authorized agents must submit the request via email to
privacy@life360.com
and include a signed letter from the Life360 member confirming the agent has permission to submit the request on the member's behalf. In certain circumstances, we may need to request additional information to verify the identity of the member about whom the request is being made and/or to verify that the member has provided the authorized agent permission to submit the request. We may deny a request in the event we are not able to verify the authorized agent's authority to act on your behalf.
If you are an authorized agent seeking to make a request to opt out of sales, sharing, or targeted advertising on behalf of a consumer, please contact us at
privacy@life360.com
.
Annual Request Metrics
California law requires us to compile metrics for the previous calendar year regarding consumer requests and responses. Below are certain metrics for requests we receive from all individuals (including California residents) between January 1, 2023, and December 31, 2023.
Request Type
Number of Requests Received
Number of Requests Denied (Due to No Verification)
Number of Requests Verified and Processed
Mean Number of Days for Processing Verified Requests
Know/Access
(requests to know/access)
38,162
135
38,027
8.14
Delete
(requests to delete)
1,474,093
0
1,433,043
23.5
Request Type
Number of Requests Received
Mean Number of Days for Processing Verified Requests
Opt-Out
(request to opt-out of sales of personal information)
Verified: 1,466,302
Unverified: 6,633*
1-2 days
Limit
(requests to limit the sharing of sensitive personal information)
Life360 does not differentiate between regular Opt-Outs and Requests to Limit Sharing - they are treated the same way.
*Unverified requests are requests received from automated tools and Life360 is unable to verify both the authenticity and the member making such requests. Life360 takes no action for requests that cannot be verified.
B. International Transfer
You agree that all information collected via or by Life360 may be transferred, processed, and stored anywhere in the world, including but not limited to, the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union, in the cloud, on our servers, on the servers of our affiliates or the servers of our service providers. Your information may be accessible to law enforcement or other authorities pursuant to a lawful request. By providing information to Life360, you explicitly consent to the storage of your information in these locations, this may mean that your personal information will be stored in a jurisdiction that offers a level of protection that may, in certain instances, be less protective of your personal information than the jurisdiction you are typically resident in. We will implement appropriate safeguards to ensure that your personal information is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), UK, or Switzerland, we will protect your personal information when it is transferred outside your jurisdiction by: (i) processing it in compliance with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework as described
below
; and/or (ii) implementing appropriate safeguards to protect your personal information, such as entering into appropriate data transfer agreements based on the Standard Contractual Clauses, or another lawful and approved transfer mechanism. If you wish to enquire further about the safeguards used, please contact us using the details set out at the end of this privacy notice.
Except in some cases where we may rely on an exception under the Australian Privacy Act 1988 (Cth), we will take reasonable steps to ensure that such overseas recipients do not breach the Australian Privacy Principles in the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) in relation to such information.
C. Individuals in Europe
If you are located in Europe, the following section applies to you.
i. Legal Basis for Processing
Our legal basis for processing your personal information varies depending on the type of information we collect and the context in which we collect it as well as our records of your country of residence. Depending on where you reside, we may rely on different legal bases to process your information.
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area or in a jurisdiction where similar legal requirements may apply such as Switzerland, and the United Kingdom, we rely on a number of legal bases to process information about you. We will process information about you where we have your consent, where we have a legitimate interest to do so, where the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you, and/or where we have a legal obligation to process your information. For example we typically rely on:
Necessity to meet an actual contractual obligation when you create a Life360, Tile or Jiobit account to enable us to provide you with our Products and Services.
Consent when placing cookies on your device on the web (through our cookie consent manager), to send you email marketing, or to deliver third-party targeted advertising to you related to our Products and Services. Note that when consent is the legal basis for our processing of your personal information, you may withdraw such consent at any time.
Our legitimate interests to process your information when providing you with customer service support, to serve targeted marketing of our Products and Services, for fraud prevention and security purposes.
To fulfill our contractual obligations.
Necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject.
ii. Data Subject Requests
You have the right to (1) access your personal information, including in a portable format, (2) request erasure of your personal information, and (3) request correction of inaccurate personal information. In addition, you may have the right to object to certain processing or request we restrict certain processing. You may exercise these rights by following the instructions in the
Your Choices About Your Information
section above. Alternatively, you may submit a request to exercise your rights via email by contacting us at
privacy@life360.com
. We may ask for additional information from you to clarify your request and verify that you are authorized to make your request. We will respond to requests to exercise privacy rights according to applicable laws.
If you have concerns about our processing of personal information, we encourage you to contact us in the first instance. However, if we are unable to resolve it, you have the right to lodge a complaint with your local Data Protection Authority. We are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission ("FTC"), and a list of supervisory authorities in the EEA, UK, and Switzerland and their respective contact details are available behind the links below:
EEA:
https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_en
United Kingdom:
https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/
Switzerland:
https://www.edoeb.admin.ch/edoeb/en/home/the-fdpic/contact.html
iii. Data Privacy Framework
Life360 and Tile, Inc. (collectively, the "Life360 Companies") comply with the requirements of the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“EU-U.S. DPF”) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“Swiss-U.S. DPF”) (collectively “DPF”), as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce, regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Economic Area (“EEA”) and the United Kingdom (“UK”) and Switzerland to the United States. The Life360 Companies have certified to the Department of Commerce that they adhere to the DPF Principles with respect to personal information transferred to them in reliance on the DPF. To the extent that the DPF applies to your information, if there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the DPF Principles, the DPF Principles shall govern. The Life360 Companies are subject to the investigatory powers of the FTC with respect to their DPF compliance. To learn more about the DPF program, and to view the Life360 Companies' certifications, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/
. The Life360 Companies may also protect information through other legally valid methods, including international data transfer agreements.
If you are an EEA or UK or Swiss citizen you may be able to exercise certain choices under the DPF regarding how some of your personal data is used and disclosed, and may access, correct or delete certain personal data by following the instructions in
Section V (Your Choices About Your Information)
and
Section VIII(C)(ii) (Data Subject Requests)
in this Privacy Policy.
You may also have the right to opt out of the Life360 Companies' use or disclosure of personal data received or transferred pursuant to the DPF, if the Life360 Companies will (i) use such personal data for a new purpose that is materially different from the purposes for which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized, or (ii) disclose such personal data to a non-agent third party in a manner not specified in this Privacy Policy. Requests to opt out of such uses or disclosures of personal data should be done according to the process described in
Section III
. If the person data is "sensitive" (such as information about health conditions, race, ethnicity, or religion), the Life360 Companies will not process such sensitive personal data as described in (i) or (ii) above without your opt-in consent.
When the Life360 Companies receive personal information under the DPF and then transfer it to a third-party service provider acting as their agent on their behalf, the Life360 Companies remain liable under the DPF if both (a) the agent processes the information in a manner inconsistent with the DPF and (b) the Life360 Companies are responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
If you are an EEA or UK or Swiss citizen and feel that the Life360 Companies are not abiding by the terms of this Privacy Policy, or are not in compliance with the DPF Principles, please contact the Life360 Companies at the contact information provided in
Section IX (Contact Us If You Have Questions or Concerns), below.
If the Life360 Companies are unable to resolve your concerns, they have agreed, in compliance with DPF, to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the DPF to JAMS
, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.
If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF-related complaint from the Life30 Companies, or if they have not addressed your DPF-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolution
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of JAMS are provided at no cost to you.
If any request remains unresolved, you may contact the national data protection authority for your jurisdiction of residence. Under certain conditions, if your DPF complaint has not been resolved after raising it with the Life360 Companies or by following the JAMS procedure above, you may invoke binding arbitration to resolve complaints with respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the DPF, as described in Annex I of the DPF, available here:
https://go.adr.org/dpfeufiling.html.
C. Individuals in Australia
Use and Disclosure of Personal Information
In Australia, we will only use and disclose your personal information for the purposes of marketing Life360 Products and Services or the services of third-party organizations where you have consented to us doing so, or as otherwise permitted by law.
Security Liability for Australian Members
Except to the extent liability cannot be excluded due to the operation of statute, we exclude all liability (including in negligence) for the consequences of any unauthorized access to, disclosure of, misuse of, or loss or corruption of your personal information. Nothing in this Privacy Policy restricts, excludes, or modifies, or purports to restrict, exclude or modify any statutory consumer rights under any applicable law including the Competition and Consumer Act 2010 (Cth).
IX. LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES AND SERVICES
Our Services may contain links to websites and services that are owned or operated by third parties. Any information that you provide on or to a third-party service, or that is collected by a third-party service, is provided directly to the owner or operator of the third-party service and is subject to the owner’s or operator’s privacy policy. Please remember that when you use a link to go from the Life360, Tile, or Jiobit Services to another website or app, or engage with a third-party service, our Privacy Policy does not apply to those third-party websites or services. Your browsing and interaction, on any third-party website or service, including those that have a link on our website, are subject to that third party’s own rules and policies, and Life360 is not responsible for the practices employed by those apps, websites, or services, nor the information or content contained therein.
X. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time, so please review it frequently. If we are required by applicable data protection laws to give you enhanced notice or seek out consent to any such changes, we will do so. Otherwise, changes to this Policy will be effective when posted.
If you object to any of the changes to this Privacy Policy, you must cease using our Products and/or Services, and may request us to erase your personal information. Any information that is collected through your use of our Products or Services is covered by the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is collected.
XI. CONTACT US IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS OR CONCERNS
If you have any questions about our privacy practices, this Privacy Policy, our Products, or Services, please contact us at
privacy@life360.com
or by postal mail:
Life360, Inc.
ATTN: Privacy
1900 S. Norfolk Street, #310
San Mateo, CA 94403
United States
XII. PREVIOUS POLICY
Previous Privacy Policy
Korean Personal Data Processing Policy (Privacy Policy) Addendum
Return to top