Bring Joy. Make Music.
Audience
Music Producers
DJs & Producers
Songwriters
Composers
Educators
Daycare Educators
After-School Caregivers
Elementary School Teachers
Sekundarstufenlehrer
Special Educators
Music (High) Schools
Music Professors
Music School Directors
Music Students
Music Theory Teachers
Elementary Music Educators
Church Musicians
Cantors
Worship Leaders
Pastors
Organists
Therapists & Caregivers
Music Therapists
Occupational Therapists
Geriatric Nurses
Social Workers
Families & Seniors
Parents & Children
Teens
Seniors
Blind People
Instrumentalists
Piano Players
Guitar Players
Organists
Violinists
Flutists
Trombone Players
History
1989 Discovery of the Symmetry Tone
1996 High School Software Project
2004 Diploma Thesis David Gatzsche
2009 Dissertation at Fraunhofer IDMT
2010 Audanika GmbH & SoundPrism
2011 Thuringian Innovation Award
2014 Audiobus Platform
2017 Liquidation Audanika GmbH
2020 Foundation Grace Cloud GmbH
2021 Audanika App
2022 Bach Statt Krach
Team
Dr. Gabriel Gatzsche
Jonas Lepper
German
English
Chinese
General
Below you will find the privacy policy of Grace Cloud GmbH, Roter Hügel 7c, 99331 Geratal, e-mail: info@grace.cloud, UmStNr.: DE338714854, HRB: 517475, Local Court Jena
Person responsible for data protection: Dr. Gabriel Gatzsche, Roter Hügel 7c, 99331 Geratal OT Geschwenda
You have the following rights concerning your personal data: Right to information, right to correction or deletion, the right to restrict processing, the right to object to processing against the processing, right to data portability.
You have the right to complain about the data processing to the data protection supervisory authority responsible for you.
Website
Logging on Our Web Server
The web servers that run our websites collect and store information about each request received in an event log.
This data collection is anonymous and is only assigned to the IP address of the accessing computer. The following data is stored:
Browser type and browser version, the user's operating system.
Screen size of the user device used
Allocation characteristics of mobile devices
Name of the requesting provider
HTTP status code of the request,
Name and path of the requested website
Referrer URL (the website from which you came to us),
Date and time of the retrieval and the amount of data transferred.
Linking from Social Media and Cloud Platforms
Our websites link to various social media and cloud platforms, including Facebook, YouTube, Instagram, Tiktok, Twitter, Medium and Telegram.
Follow the respective privacy statements of these platforms. Read our privacy statements in the "Social Media" section below.
Use of MyFonts for the Display of Fonts
Your IP address; date and time of retrieval; the amount of data transferred; requesting provider
Scope and purposes of the data processing: Due to the licensing conditions on the use of fonts on our website, so-called page-view tracking is carried out.
Page-View-Tracking is carried out by counting the number of visits to the website for statistical purposes and transmitted to MyFonts. The data is transmitted, if necessary, through the activation of Javascript code in your browser.
Data transmission/reception: the recipient of the data is MyFonts Inc, 500 Unicorn Park Drive, Woburn, MA 01801 in the USA.
Storage period: the data is stored until the purpose is achieved.
Legal basis of the processing: The data processing is carried out based on our interest in using MyFonts fonts on our website. This legitimate interest is not outweighed by any overriding interests or interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of data subjects (Art. 6 para. 1 cont. DSGVO). Upon request, we will provide you with further information about our weighing of interests.
Right to object: You have the right to object to this processing at any time on grounds relating to your particular situation. We will then no longer process this data for these purposes unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing that override your interests, rights and freedoms, or the processing serves the assertion, exercise or defense of legal claims. You can submit your objection to us using the contact details provided above. To prevent the execution of Javascript code from MyFonts altogether, you can install a Javascript blocker, for example at
http://www.noscript.net
. For more information about MyFonts Counter, please see MyFonts' privacy policy at
https://www.monotype.com/legal/privacy-policy
.
Apps
Audanika
Audanika app does not collect data.
However, it is developed based on Flutter, which comes from Google.
Audanika is available in Apple's App Store. The privacy policy of the App Store can be found
here
.
Audanika is available in Google's Play Store. The privacy policy of the Play Store can be found
here
.
SoundPrism
The SoundPrism Apps (Standard, Pro, Link Edition, Electro) periodically download a configuration as well as a list of current in-app purchases for the store from our web server.
See the section above on logging to our web server.
SoundPrism is available in Apple's App Store. The App Store privacy policy can be found
here
.
SoundPrism displays YouTube videos in the app. Please note the privacy policy for videos of the platform "YouTube" of the third-party provider Google Inc, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. You can find it
here.
Social Media Channels
We offer social media channels on the following platforms:
Facebook
Facebook Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square Grand Harbour, Dubli 2, Ireland
YouTube
Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Irland
TikTok
TikTok Technology Limited, 10 Earlsfort Terrace, Dublin, D02 T380, Irland,
Twitter
Twitter International Company, One Cumberland Place, Fenian Street, Dublin 2, D02 AX07, Irland
Medium
VeraSafe Ireland Ltd., Unit 3D North Point House, North Point Business Park, New Mallow Road Cork T23AT2P, Ireland |    | Telegram  | Telegram UK Holdings Ltd (71-75 Shelton Street, Covent Garden, London, England, WC2H 9JQ)
Telegram
Telegram UK Holdings Ltd (71-75 Shelton Street, Covent Garden, London, England, WC2H 9JQ)
We would like to point out that you use our social media channels and their functions on your responsibility. This applies in particular to the use of the interactive functions (e.g., commenting, sharing, rating). 3.
when you visit our social media channels, the respective platforms collect, among other things. Your IP address and other information in the form of cookies available on your PC. This information is used to provide us, as operators of the social media channels, with statistical information about the use of the social media channels.
The data collected about you in this context will be processed by the respective platforms and may be transferred to countries transferred outside the European Union. What information the providers of the social media platforms used by us and how they are used, you will find in general form in the respective data protection guidelines. There you will also find information about the respective provider's contact options and the settings for advertisements. The data usage policies of the providers we use for social media platforms are available under the following links:
Facebook
https://de-de.facebook.com/full_data_use_policy
YouTube
https://policies.google.com/privacy
TikTok
https://www.tiktok.com/legal/privacy-policy
Twitter
https://twitter.com/en/privacy
Medium
https://policy.medium.com/medium-privacy-policy-f03bf92035c9
Telegram
https://telegram.org/privacy
The way in which the respective providers use the data from a visit to our social media channels for their own purposes, the extent to which activities on the social media channels are assigned to individual users, how this data is stored and whether data from a visit to the social media channels is passed on to third parties is not conclusively and clearly defined by all platforms and is not known to us in all cases.
When you access a social media channel, the IP address assigned to your end is transmitted to the respective provider. With Facebook, for example, this IP address is anonymized (for 'German" IP addresses). The providers also store information about the end devices of their users (e.g., as part of the "login notification" function); Where applicable, this makes it possible to assign IP addresses to individual users.
If you are currently registered as a user with one or more of these providers, cookies with your ID will be placed on your terminal device. This enables the respective providers to track that you have visited this page and how you have used it. Via buttons embedded in websites, it is possible for the platforms to record your visits to our website and assign them to your Facebook profile.
This allows you to use our social media channels without revealing your identifier. When you access interactive functions of the respective channels such as like, comment, share or news, a login screen will then appear. After any login, you will again be recognizable to the respective provider as a specific user. For information on how to manage or delete the information available about you, please refer to the privacy statements of the respective providers listed above.
As a provider of social media channels, we do not collect and process any further data from your use of our service.
×
Newsletter
We use your email address to send you regular tips about using Audanika. This may also include commercial offers. You can cancel your subscription at any time.
Email address
Subscribe
We use rapidmail to send our newsletter. When you subscribe, you consent to the entered data being forwarded to rapidmail. Please also see the
GTC
and
data privacy statement
.
Audanika is a brand licensed to Grace Cloud GmbH, Roter Hügel 7c, 99331 Geratal, UstId: DE335250940, https://audanika.com, Managing Owner: Dr. Gabriel Gatzsche
Thank you for your subscription!
We have sent you an email - please confirm your email address by clicking the activation link in it.
Audanika is a brand licensed to Grace Cloud GmbH, Roter Hügel 7c, 99331 Geratal, UstId: DE335250940, https://audanika.com, Managing Owner: Dr. Gabriel Gatzsche