Home
Shop
Sounds
Contact
download
download app
Privacy Policy
iHUNTCALLS
iHunt.com Privacy Policy
Effective Date: October 1, 2018
We at iHunt are committed to the responsible use of your personal information and the protection of your privacy. This privacy policy applies to all the products and services described on our web site.
iHunt, LLC (hereinafter “iHunt”) is a limited liability company organized under the laws of the State of Michigan. iHunt is the owner and provider of the IHunt.com Website & Apps and their associated services (hereinafter “Website & Apps”). iHunt has adopted this privacy policy (hereinafter “Privacy Policy”) in order to inform you of its practices related to the collection of personal and personally identifiable information through your use of the Website & Apps and your registration and use of a Member Account.
iHunt reserves the right to modify or replace this Privacy Policy at any time and in its sole discretion. In the event iHunt modifies or replaces this Privacy Policy, the Effective Date, located above, will change. Your use of the Website & Apps after a change in its Effective Date constitutes your agreement to any changes made to this Privacy Policy.
Collection and Use of Personal Information
iHunt may collect personal or personally identifiable information from you when you use the Website & Apps or register a Member Account with the Website & Apps, including but not limited to your first and last name, your sex, your age, your email address, your PayPal username and account information, your digital audio file preferences, your species preferences, your IP address, your originating Website & Apps, your geographical location, and other information concerning your preferences and choices when using the Website & Apps (hereinafter “Personal Information”). This Personal Information may be collected through cookies, pixel tags, web beacons, voluntary disclosure, the Google Advertising ID, the Apple Advertising ID, Tapstream advertising ID or other commercially reasonable means.
iHunt may use your email address, however obtained, to contact you, to provide you with notice concerning changes or updates to the Website & Apps, or to inform you of additional products or services offered by iHunt. iHunt will not sell, rent, lease, or transfer your Personal Information to third parties except to: (i) comply with a subpoena or court order; (ii) to protect iHunt, its directors, officers, employees, agents, affiliates, or independent contractors; (iii) to aid you in completing a transaction; (iv) to enforce the iHunt Terms of Use Agreement; or (v) to comply with any applicable law, regulation, ordinance, treaty, or statute.
From time to time, iHunt may purchase or sell business units or subsidiaries. In the event iHunt purchases or sells a business unit or subsidiary, including but not limited to the sale of iHunt or the Website & Apps, iHunt may transfer your Personal Information to a third party. In the event your Personal Information is transferred to a third party, your Personal Information will continue to be maintained consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Our web site is not designed nor directed at anyone under the age of 18, and we do not knowingly accept personal information from persons under the age of 18. If we become aware a person under the age of 18 has provided us personal information, we will discontinue the use of such information and remove it from our active systems.
You understand that the Website & Apps may contain links to third party Website & Apps that are not owned or controlled by iHunt. iHunt’s Privacy Policy does not apply to third party Website & Apps that it does not own or control, and you are encouraged to read the privacy policies of those respective Website & Apps.
Storing and Processing of Personal Information
iHunt may provide you with the ability to create a Member Account. In the event iHunt provides you with a Member Account, you will have the ability to edit and update your Personal Information through your Member Account control panel. In the event you wish to cancel or delete your Member Account, you may do so within your Member Account control panel. iHunt will not share your Member Account information with a third party unless otherwise provided for under this Privacy Policy or its associated Terms of Use Agreement. You acknowledge and agree that you are solely responsible for protecting your Member Account username and password. You further acknowledge and agree that you are solely responsible for any unauthorized use of or access to your Member Account. All Member Account pages are protected with commercially standard and commercially reasonable encryption to ensure, to the extent possible, that your Personal Information is protected from interception or disclosure.
iHunt works to ensure that your Personal Information is accurate, current, and complete. You acknowledge and agree that you have an ongoing duty to ensure that your Personal Information is accurate, current, and complete. You agree to update your Personal Information as changes arise and to update your Member Account to reflect any such changes.
We take reasonable measures to identify and prevent unauthorized access to our systems and disclosure of your personal information. We also restrict access to your personal information to only those persons who need to know the information in order to perform the services we offer. Your personal information may be stored on computers systems maintained by an agent or service provider of our company, each of which will be bound by agreement to protect the confidentiality of your personal information. Our computer systems are located in the United States of America, but the computer systems of our service providers may be located in another country. Your submission of personal information constitutes your consent to the transfer and storage of your information across international borders.
Your California Privacy Rights
California residents have the right to receive information that identifies any third-party companies or individuals that Practice Catapult has shared your personal or personally identifiable information with in the previous calendar year, as well as a description of the categories of personal or personally identifiable information disclosed to that third party. You may obtain this information once a year and free of charge by contacting iHunt at
support@ihuntcalls.com
.
Notices or Concerns
Any notices or questions concerning this Privacy Policy may be submitted in writing to iHunt at:
iHunt, LLC
401 N East Silver Lake Rd.
Traverse City, Michigan 49685
Join more than 50,000 active users per month
Privacy Policy