OR
Murka Games is an international game development company that has been successfully producing social casino and casual games for over a decade. For several years in a row, Murka’s titles were called the most innovative in the category and ranked among top European companies:
• Top Publishers Award of App Annie’s 2021
• EGR Global North America Awards 2021
• Top 15 Social Casino Game Publishers by EKG
In 2019, Murka Games was acquired by the Blackstone Group, one of the world’s largest private equity firms.
Murka Games brings fun and joy to 5 million monthly players in more than 200 countries worldwide.
With ambitious creation plans in the mobile gaming industry, we are actively looking for new talents to join our team.
Infinity Slots
Launch year 2015
Slots Journey
Launch year 2020
ARK Casino
Launch year 2021
Scatter Slots
Launch year 2015
Slots Era
Launch year 2016
Scatter Hold’em Poker
Launch year 2016
Solitaire Play
Launch year 2020
Wordelicious
Launch year 2021
Braindoku
Launch year 2021
Your browser does not support the video tag.
Send Message
Game Product Analyst
Remote
Java Backend Developer
Remote
Marketing Data Analyst
Poland
​Mobile User Acquisition Manager
Remote
Junior Slot Mathematician
Remote
Affiliate Lead
Remote
Senior Unity Software Engineer
Remote
Team Lead VIP Account Manager
Remote
Middle QA Engineer
Remote
Oct 25, 2023
@Murka
Anouncement
Oct 25, 2023
@Skybound
Murka has released Chronicles of Amber slot in partnership with Skybound
PRESS RELEASE
Founder & Chairman of the Board Anton Krasnyy Steps Down
[26.10.23] – Murka Games (“Murka” or “the Company”), the international social and
        casual game development company, today announced that after 14 years Anton
        Krasnyy has decided to step down from his role as Chairman of the Board
        effective immediately.
Since Anton founded Murka in 2009, the Company has grown from a small
        Ukraine-based start-up to a top 10 force in Social Casino with titles including
        Scatter Slots, Slots Era, Infinity Slots and Scatter Poker, successfully expanding
        its   Casual   Gaming   franchise   and   internationalizing   the   business   with
        headquarters   in   Cyprus.   In   2019,   funds   managed   by   Blackstone   Tactical
        Opportunities   acquired   a   majority   stake   in   Murka   to   support   this   growth
        trajectory. Today, Murka has over 400 employees, and c.2 million monthly active
        users.
In January 2021, Anton transitioned from Chief Executive Officer to Chairman of
        the Board, with Chief Operating Officer Barak David appointed Chief Executive
        Officer.
Anton Krasnyy, Founder and Outgoing Chairman of Murka, said
: “Since
        founding Murka 14 years ago, I have seen the Company grow beyond what I
        could have imagined. I am very proud of everything we have achieved and would
        like to thank the management team and all our incredible colleagues who have
        supported me and worked very hard to deliver exciting games to our player
        community. I leave my position knowing Murka is in very capable hands and look
        forward to following the Company’s progress in the years to come.”
Barak David, Chief Executive Officer of Murka, said:
“On behalf of the
        Board and our employees, I would like to thank Anton for his guidance and
        wisdom over many years. I have had the honour to work closely alongside Anton,
        whose   product   vision   and   leadership   have   shaped   the   strength   of   the
        organisation and of Murka’s top titles today. Anton leaves Murka in a strong
        position with huge opportunities ahead, and we wish him every success going
        forward.”
Topic. Choose from the list:
Support
Support
Business
Join Murka
Marketing
Say hi
Position. Choose from the list:
.Net developer
.Net developer
2d Artist
2D Promo Animator
Analyst (Data QA)
BI developer
Business Analyst
CRM Specialist
Data Scientist
Front-end developer
Game designer
Linux Administrator
PHP developer
Project Manager
Promo Designer
QA Automation
QA Engineer
Researcher
Support Specialist
UA manager
UI designer
Unity Animator
Unity Developer (Unity 3d Developer)
Unity Integrator
Other (type your option)
Attach File
Send Message
Please wait for a second...
Your message was sent!
Something went wrong :(
Try again later
DO NOT SELL MY PERSONAL INFORMATION
The “Do Not Sell My Personal Information” option is a provision of the CCPA that allows
        California residents to opt-out of the sales of their personal data.
This "Do Not Sell My Personal Information" page only covers California residents.
As described in our CCPA notice Murka does not "sell" Personal Information about our consumers as most people
        would typically understand that term. However, we do allow certain third-party advertising partners to collect
        information about consumers through our games and our website for purposes of serving ads that are more
        relevant,
        for ad campaign measurement and analytics, and for ad fraud detection and reporting. To the extent this practice
        may be interpreted to constitutea "sale" under the CCPA, please see below how you can submit your request to
        opt-out of sale.
You may submit your request through the following methods:
By contacting us at
privacy@murka.com
and providing the Required
          Information as indicated below in the form or
By submitting the form below.
FORM TO SUBMIT REQUEST TO OPT-OUT OF SALE
*Required Information
Is your primary residence in the state of California* (YES / NO)?*
Your valid California residence address:
Example format:
(234) 567-7890
Are you requesting on behalf of another person (YES/NO)*?
Any individual submitting this "Do Not Sell My Personal Information" request on
          behalf of someone other than
          themselves should include proof that they are authorized to make the request. This may be in the form of a
          written authorization signed by the person whom the individual is acting on behalf of or a valid power of
          attorney.
If you are an authorized agent of a California consumer, please attach the applicable authorization
          documents to this request by uploading them using the tool below:
Attach File
The information you provide here will only be used to process your opt-out of sale
          request.
By submitting this form, you agree that Murka may contact you and collect
          additional information regarding your request, to confirm your email address, and/or to verify your identity.
Penalty of Perjury Declaration*
I declare under penalty of perjury under the laws of the United
            States of America that the foregoing is true and correct and that I have the authority to execute this
            request.
Send Message
Once you make an opt-out request, you may change your mind and revoke your opt-out request any time by
        contacting us at
privacy@murka.com
.
If you do not want to receive interest-based in-application advertisements on your mobile device, you may also
        adjust the ad tracking settings on your device (such as turning on “Limit Ad Tracking”). You can also reset the
        “Advertising Identifier” (such as an IDFA) from your mobile device’s settings page, which will prevent
        continued use of existing behavioral data tied to your previous “Advertising Identifier.” To Limit Ad tracking
        on
        iOS Devices please follow the link
Limit Ad
          Tracking
. To
        opt out of personalized ads on Android devices follow the link
Opt-out of Personalized
          Ads.
To prevent third parties from delivering tailored web and mobile web advertising, you may also visit the
        opt-out tools provided by the
Network
          Advertising Alliance
and the
Digital Advertising Alliance
, or download apps, such
        as the Digital Advertising Alliance’s “AppChoices” app, that offer to provide you with controls regarding the
        collection and use of cross-app data for behavioral advertising.
These opt-out tools are provided by third parties, not Murka. Murka does not control or operate these tools or
        the choices that advertisers and others provide through these tools.
Please wait for a second...
Your message was sent!
Something went wrong :(
Try again later
Page is not found! You can find all information on our
Home Page!
Or, would you like to play some Slots instead?
Score:
0
Show pay table
SPIN
250
200
150
100
75
50
40
30
CLOSE
Contact Us
Partnership
Career
Life style
Games
About us
Copyright © 2011-2025. All rights reserved.
Murka Games Limited.
Privacy policy
&
Terms of service
&
Ambassador Club 2019
&
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
About us
Games
Life style
Career
Partnership
Contact Us
Do Not Sell My Info
Privacy Policy
Murka Games Limited (“Murka”) is committed to protecting the privacy of its users (“users” or “you”). In this Privacy Policy, “Murka” refers to Murka Games Limited and its “Affiliates”, which shall mean subsidiaries, parent companies, joint ventures and other corporate entities under common ownership. We may also refer to Murka as “we” or “us”. This Privacy Policy has been created to inform you about how Murka, as the controller of your personal data, manages, makes decision in relation to, collects, stores, uses and protects the personal data you provide. This Privacy Policy applies whenever you use our “Services,” which means our games and applications, products, services, content, websites operated by Murka. Also, this Privacy Policy describes how you can access and update that personal data. Please note that, unless stated otherwise, the scope of this Privacy Policy is limited only to the personal data collected by Murka through your use of the Services. By using the Services, you acknowledge the use of your personal data as outlined in this Privacy Policy. Murka may amend the Privacy Policy from time to time. Murka Games Limited acquired substantially all of the business assets of Murka Limited on June 18th, 2019 and on that date became the new controller of any personal data that you had already provided Murka Limited. If you have any questions regarding how this acquisition affects the use of your personal data please contact
privacy@murka.com
.
Information Collected
Murka's primary objective in collecting user information is to provide and enhance its Services, and to enable users to enjoy its Services. When you install any of its Services, Murka may collect and record the information you provide to Murka, whether through the Services themselves, or through social networks or other third party services ("Account Information"). We may collect information about you directly from you and from third parties, as well as automatically through your use of our Websites, Applications or Services.
Information We Collect Directly From You and As You Play Our Games and Information We Collect About You From Facebook, or Google or other platform.
You have choices about the data we collect. When you are asked to provide personal data, you may decline. But if you choose not to provide the data that is necessary to provide a product or feature, you may not be able to use that product or feature. The data we collect depends on the context of your interactions with Murka, the choices you make, including your privacy settings, and the products and features you use. When you log into our mobile application through your relevant account, you will be asked to enter your relevant email address and password. Facebook or Google controls the information collected from you during the log-in process; Murka does not control the information that Facebook or Google collects from you. When you use any of our Applications (whether our mobile application or if you access our Facebook or Google application), we will collect the following information: (i) your Facebook or Google basic information (this includes your name, profile picture, gender, networks, user IDs, list of friends, date of birth, email address, and any other information you have set to public on your Facebook or Google account); (ii) your email address; (iii) posts to your Wall; (iv) posts in your news feed; and (v) other Facebook or Google data at any time even if you are not using Facebook or Google. Please note, if you allow Murka to have access to this information, then Murka will have access to this information even if you have chosen not to make that information public. For information about how Facebook or Google or other platforms may disclose your information, including any information you make public, please consult the Facebook or Google or other platform Privacy Policy. We have no control over how Facebook or Google or other platforms use or disclose the personal data you provide to it. We store the information that we receive from Facebook or Google, or other platforms along with other information that we collect from you or receive about you. We also collect information you provide to us and the content of messages you send to us, such as the feedback and product reviews you write, or questions and information you provide for customer support. When you contact us, such as for customer support, phone conversations or chat sessions with our representatives may be monitored and recorded.
Information We Collect Automatically. Cookies.
Like many websites, Murka may use "cookies" to collect information. A cookie is a small data file that is transferred to your computer’s hard disk or your mobile device for record-keeping purposes. The Services may send cookies to a computer or a mobile device when a user accesses or views the Services. Information contained in a cookie may be linked to personal data for purposes such as improving the quality of Murka's service, tailoring recommendations to interests, and making the Services easier to use. Third party advertisers on the Services may also place or read cookies or other technologies on your browser, and those practices are subject to their own policies. We and our service providers may also employ other technologies including (i) web beacons, which allow us to know if a certain page was visited or whether an e-mail was opened; (ii) tracking pixels, which allow us or our advertising partners to advertise more efficiently and effectively by excluding our current users from certain promotional messages, identifying the source of a new installation or delivering ads to you on other websites; and (iii) local shared objects also known as flash cookies, which help us to reduce fraud, remember your in-game preferences and speed up load times.
Murka uses Google Analytics to recognize and count the number of website visitors and see how they move around the website. We do this only to better understand how you use the website and the Services, with a view to offering improvements; and to tailor our business and marketing activities accordingly, both generally and specifically to you. For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the
Google Privacy & Terms web page
. To opt-out of Google Analytics -
Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on
.
For more information on how to limit the types of cookies you allow, please see “Opting out of Cookie Tracking” section.
The information types collected in accordance with the Services
may vary depending on the activity, and may include:
Your name;
Your social network or third party service user identification number;
Your mobile device’s unique identifier (UDID);
Transaction identifiers for purchases;
Your email address;
Your profile picture;
Your phone number; or
Any other relevant information included in your application, social network or other online profile. Additionally, Murka may acquire information from you through:
Your access and participation in message boards on a Service;
The contents of your Customer Support requests and messages; or
Your purchase of a virtual product of any type. Please note that because a third party site manages the purchases of virtual goods offered by the Services, Murka does not have access to your credit card details or any other billing information.
Murka may collect information about your use of its Services both in the course of game play and software usage. Murka may also invite you to share information about yourself, which may include but is not limited to:
Your age or date of birth;
Your gender;
Information about the hardware you may own;
Your favorite websites, friend information and fan pages; or
Any other information included in your application, social network or other online profile.
Other information Murka may collect includes your language, zip code, area code, location, and the time zone where the Services are used, as well as information about your computer, mobile device, software, platform, incident data, Internet Protocol (IP) address, network Media Access Control (MAC) address and connection, browser type, browser language, referring pages, exit pages and URLs, number of clicks, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed and the order of those pages, the amount of time spent on particular pages, and the date and time of this activity, so that Murka can better understand customer behavior and improve its products, services, and advertising. The Service may also record game play information such as your game session duration or your high scores. In addition to the information collected as described above, you may choose to share additional information about yourself throughout the Service, such as on message boards and in games. Any actions you perform with other players are considered public, and are solely at your discretion. If non-personal data is collected for an activity that also requires personal data, Murka may combine your non-personal data with your personal data in an attempt to provide you with a better user experience, to improve the value and quality of the Services, and to analyze how its Services are used. Murka may also receive either non-personal or public information from third parties in connection with market and demographic studies and/or data that Murka may use to supplement personal data provided directly by you.
Payment Information
For Murka's policy regarding the purchase of “virtual items”, “coins” or other “virtual currency”, please see Murka's
Terms of Service
. When you play Murka’s games or access any of our other Services on connected third-party applications or platforms (like Facebook, Apple, Google, etc), any purchases you make will be processed by that third-party application and subject to that third-party application’s terms of service and privacy policy. For these purchases, Murka does not receive your financial information, but may receive non-financial information related to your purchases, like your name, approximate physical location, and the items purchased. The information Murka receives depends on the Murka game you’re playing and the third-party application.
When you play Murka’s games or access any of our other Service on our website
infinityslots.com
, we are using third-party payment processor for processing payments. For more details please visit:
https://www.safecharge.com/privacy-policy/
. Murka may change such third-party payment processor in its sole discretion at any time. If such third-party payment processor is modified, Murka will update this provision when applicable. Our third-party payment processor will collect the billing and financial information it needs to process your charges. This may include your postal address, e-mail address and financial information. Murka does not collect or store your financial information, like credit card numbers. However, Murka’s payment processors may share non-financial information with us related to your purchases, like your name, billing address and the items purchased in order to fulfil your order.
Customer Support Correspondence
When you ask for help from our Customer Support team, we may collect and store the contact information you give them (i.e, your name and e-mail address, phone number), information about your game play or activity on our Services, and your social network or service user identification number (if any). We will also store the communications you have with our Customer Support team and any additional information in those communications in order to provide support and improve the Services.
How Murka Uses Your Information
Murka uses your information to fulfill your specific requests, purchase orders, and to send you purchase confirmation and other account-related information. In carrying out these purposes, we combine the data we collect to give you a more personalized experience. However, to enhance privacy, we have built in technological and procedural safeguards designed to prevent certain data combinations. For example, we store data we collect from you when you are unauthenticated (not signed in) separately from any account information that directly identifies you, such as your name, email address or phone number. In addition, the personal data you provide will allow Murka to send you messages regarding, amongst other things, new products, features, enhancements, special offers, upgrade opportunities, contests and events of interest. You may opt out of these communications at any time. Murka may also use personal and non-personal data, both individually and combined together, to better understand the behavior and preferences of its customers, to troubleshoot technical problems, to serve static and dynamic advertising, to enforce its Terms of Service, to ensure proper functioning of its products and services, as well as to help improve Services and their content. In addition, Murka may combine non-personal data with personal data, such as an email address, to administer loyalty programs, tailor its offerings, web pages or game play experience to you. By use of friend finder tools, whether directly through the Service or through a social network or gaming service, you acknowledge that use of these friend finder tools will help you find your contacts and will also allow your contacts to associate your Service account (and related gaming entitlements, including games played, spins and coins) with your social networking profile and/or email address. Your resulting friends’ list will be subject to this Privacy Policy. If you choose to use a referral service to "tell a friend" about the Services, Murka may ask you for your friend’s name and email address. Murka will send your friend an email on your behalf or a text message inviting him or her to visit the relevant site or check out the Services. Murka stores your friend's name and email for a short period for the sole purpose of sending this email, and for redundancy checking, to be sure that your friend does not receive multiple copies of the same email message. Murka does not keep or use this information for any other purpose. If you enter into a sweepstake, contest, or similar promotion, Murka may use the information you provide to administer those programs. Your participation in tournaments or other online gaming events is conditional upon you granting Murka permission to collect, use, store, transmit and publicly display statistical data, such as your scores, rankings and achievements, generated through your participation. In all cases of data access and collection, the information you provide will not be disclosed, rented, loaned, leased, sold, or otherwise voluntarily distributed to unaffiliated third parties other than in the circumstances described in this Privacy Policy, and will be used solely for the purpose of providing you with and improving the Services and for any other purpose stated herein. Murka will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. If you wish to cancel your account or request that Murka no longer uses your information, contact Murka at the email address provided in the Contact Us section below. Note that there may be instances where Murka is legally required to retain your information.
We will only collect, use and share your personal data where we are satisfied that we have an appropriate legal basis to do this. This may be because:
you have provided your consent to us using the personal data;
our use of your personal data is in our legitimate interest as a business - in these cases we will look after your information at all times in a way that is proportionate and respects your privacy rights and you have a right to object to processing as explained in "Your rights" section below;
our use of your personal data is necessary to perform a contract or take steps to enter into a contract with you, including the terms and conditions which apply to your use of the Services;
our use of your personal data is necessary to comply with a relevant legal or regulatory obligation.
To process your payments
Performance of a Contract
To allow you to play our games and otherwise make use of our Service
Performance of a Contract
To provide customer support
Legitimate Interest in assisting users to make the most of our Services
To communicate with you about the Services you’re using
Legitimate Interest in assisting users to make the most of our Services
To analyse and personalise your use of our website
Legitimate Interest in understanding how our website is used to improve it for all users, or tailor it to specific user preferences
To provide you with targeted advertising
Legitimate Interest to promote our Service and the products and services on third parties on the website
To send you marketing communications by email
Where permitted by law, Legitimate Interest in promoting our Service subject to providing users with the ability to opt-out at the point of collecting contact details and subsequently; otherwise, Consent
To carry out customer / user research
Legitimate Interest in understanding our user base to better tailor our Service
To protect the website and monitor and defend against security threats
Legitimate Interest in safeguarding the security of the site for the benefit of Murka and its users
To make disclosures to law enforcement, government bodies, courts or regulators
Comply with a Legal Obligation; or, otherwise Legitimate Interest in complying with a lawful request from one of these bodies which Murka judges to be in the public interest
To establish, exercise or defend our legal rights
Legitimate Interest in protecting the commercial interests and/or reputation of Murka by defending legal claims, or pursuing legal claims against users who have acted in breach of contract or unlawfully
Legitimate Interests, you may object to that processing by contacting us (see "Your rights" section below).
Access through Social Network Services or Mobile Devices or Platforms
By accessing the Services through a social network, mobile device or other third party platform or service, or by connecting to such a third party network, platform or service via the Services, you are acknowledging that Murka will collect, store, and use in accordance with this Privacy Policy any and all information that you agreed that the social network, mobile device or other third party platform could provide to Murka through the social network/mobile device/third party platform Application Programming Interface (API) based on your settings on the third party social network, mobile device or platform. Your acknowledgment commences when you connect with the third party network, platform or service via the Services, and/or when you connect with the Services, or “accept” or “allow” (or similar terms) the Services to access your information through a social network, mobile device or other third party platform or service. Murka may also collect or receive information about you from other Service users who choose to upload their email contacts. This information will be stored by Murka and used primarily to help you and your friends connect. If you play Murka’s games on your mobile device, in addition to your device identifiers, we may also collect:
the name you have associated with your device;
your telephone number;
your country;
your specific geolocation;
your mobile contacts;
information about Murka and other third-party apps you have on your device.
If you want to remove your contacts stored by us, follow the instructions provided in the game to request that we remove them from our systems. If you need to enter a password to allow us to access your address book, we will not store that password.
Third Party Service Providers
Murka may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate its Services, to provide the Services on its behalf, to perform tasks (e.g., without limitation, maintenance services, database management, web analytics and improvement of the Services, etc.), or to assist Murka in analyzing how its Services are used. From time to time, Murka employs third party contractors to collect personal data on its behalf to provide email delivery, product, prize or promotional fulfillment, contest administration, or other services through the Service. When requesting these services, you may be asked to supply your name, mailing address, telephone number and email address to its contractors. Murka may ask some third-party contractors, such as credit agencies, data analytics or market research firms, to supplement the personal data that you provide to Murka for its own marketing and demographic studies, so that Murka can consistently improve its sites and related advertising to better meet its visitors' needs and preferences. To enrich its understanding of individual customers, Murka may tie this information to the information you provide to it. If you access our Services from a third-party application or connect our Services to a third-party application, you should also read that third-party application’s terms of service and privacy policy.
Message Boards and Chat Rooms
Note that certain information you post and communicate through the Services or a third party site or service is public information for which you have no expectation of privacy. You may choose to disclose information about yourself in the course of contributing user generated content to Murka sites or Services or in its chat rooms, blogs, message boards, user “profiles” for public view, or in similar forums on its sites through mobile services and/or through third party sites or services. Information that you disclose in any of these forums is public information, and there is no expectation of privacy or confidentiality. You should be aware that any personally identifiable information you submit in the course of these public activities can be read, collected, or used by other users of these forums, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. Please see Murka’s Terms of Service or the Application End User License Agreement at Terms of Service (as applicable) on this point, and for other guidelines about posting content through any Service.
Information You Generate Using Our Communication Channels
You may be able to take part in certain activities on our Services that let you communicate or share information not just with Murka, but also with other Murka’s players. These include:
participating in player forums and message boards;
posting public comments to other players' profiles or gameboards;
sending private messages or invitations to other players, either directly on our websites or to their e-mail accounts;
chatting with other players;
You acknowledge that we may access in real-time, record, remove and/or store archives of these communications, comments, photos and drawings on Murka's servers to make use of them to protect the safety and well-being of our players and Murka's rights and property in connection with Murka’s Services; to conduct research; to operate, improve, personalize and optimize our Services and our players' experiences, including through the use of analytics; and to manage and deliver contextual advertising.
Browser Use
Note that in the ordinary course of Internet activity, certain information may be sent from your browser to third parties such as advertising networks and analytics companies. Murka has no control over the information sent from your browser to those networks or other third parties and recommends that you ensure that your browser settings prevent the disclosure of information you would not like to share.
Reasons We Share Personal Data
We share your personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy to complete any transaction or provide any product you have requested or authorized. When you provide payment data to make a purchase, we will share the payment data with banks and other entities that process payment transactions or provide other financial services, and for fraud prevention and credit risk reduction. In addition, we share personal data among Murka-controlled affiliates and subsidiaries. We also share personal data with vendors or agents working on our behalf for the purposes described “Third Party Service Providers” section. For example, companies we have hired to provide customer service support or assist in protecting and securing our systems and services may need access to personal data to provide those functions. In such cases, these companies must abide by our data privacy and security requirements and are not allowed to use personal data they receive from us for any other purpose. Additionally, Murka may sell, transfer or otherwise share some or all of its assets, including your Personal data, in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets or in the event of bankruptcy. In the event that Murka undergoes a business transition, like a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or part its assets (like selling a game), we may transfer all of your information, including personal data, to the successor organization in the transition. We will make reasonable efforts to let you and other players know of the business transition before transferring your personal data. Finally, we will access, transfer, disclose, and preserve personal data, when we have a good faith belief that doing so is necessary to:
comply with applicable law or respond to a valid legal process, including from law enforcement or other government agencies;
protect our customers, for example to prevent spam or attempts to defraud users of our products, or to help prevent the loss of life or serious injury of anyone;
operate and maintain the security of our products, including to prevent or stop an attack on our computer systems or networks;
establish, exercise or defend legal rights and claims.
Please note that some of our products include links to products of third parties whose privacy practices differ from Murka's. If you provide personal data to any of those products, your data is governed by their privacy statements.
Your Consent
Where personal data is processed on the basis of your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us or otherwise using other mechanisms provided to you. The effect of withdrawing your consent will be that your information will no longer be used for the purpose which was previously based on consent. Withdrawing your consent does not affect the lawfulness of processing carried out prior to the withdrawal of your consent.
Friends and Other Players
The Services support and often encourage you to interact with other players. If you play through a social network or register through a social network, your social network friends will see your name, profile photo and descriptions of your game activity. Similarly, other players, regardless of whether they are your social network friends or not, will be able to see descriptions of your game activity, communicate with you within our Services, and view your game profile, which may include your name or a “game name” and your profile photo. Other players may also be able to send you game requests or even friend requests.
Third Party Advertising Including Tailored Advertising and Analytics
We do not actively share personal data with third party advertisers for their direct marketing purposes unless we notify you to the contrary prior to such disclosure. When advertisers or ad networks place ads in our Services, they may collect or we may share the following types of information from within our Services:
performance data (e.g. number of clicks on an advertisement);
information about you and other players collectively that is not intended to specifically identify you (like players between the ages of 25 and 30 living in Los Angeles);
certain technical information (for example, IP addresses);
your social network ID;
and other contextual data about your game play (for instance, your level). The information collected may be used to:
offer targeted advertising (behavioural advertising), and/or
undertake web analytics. Advertisers or ad networks may collect this information through the use of tracking technologies like browser cookies and web beacons, and they may use a single tracking technology or multiple tracking technologies at the same time. Please note, after clicking on a third party advertisement, you may no longer be on a site hosted by Murka or the social network through which you are playing Murka’s games. If you do not want to receive tailored in-application advertisements from third parties, please see "Your rights" section.
Third Parties Operating Under Their Own Policies
We may share collected information with third parties operating under their own policies for the purposes of developing and delivering our Services, displaying advertisements, conducting analysis or research and for measuring advertising campaign performance.
For example, some of Murka’s games or applications may be made with Unity software and/or using Unity services. If that is the case, Unity may access and operate information about you and your use of our Services (e.g. “Monetization Services Data” as it is defined in the Unity Terms of Monetization Services) as contemplated in the terms and conditions for Unity services (available at
https://unity3d.com/legal
) and as set out in the Unity Privacy Policy (available at
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
). Please review terms and conditions for Unity services and Unity Privacy Policy to learn more about its data processing practices, use of cookies, opt-out instructions for their services and other similar procedures.
Also some of our applications may use Pollfish SDK. Pollfish is an online survey platform, through which,   anyone may conduct surveys.   Pollfish collaborates with   Publishers of applications for smartphones in order to have access to users of such applications and address survey questionnaires to them.   When a user connects to this app, a  specific set of user’s device data (including Advertising ID, Device ID, other available electronic identifiers and further response meta-data is automatically sent, via our app, to Pollfish servers, in order forPollfish to discern whether the user is eligible for a survey. For a full list of data received by Pollfish through this app,   please read carefully the   Pollfish respondent terms located at
https://www.pollfish.com/terms/respondent
. These data will be associated with your answers to the questionnaires whenever Pollfish sends such questionnaires to eligible users. Pollfishmay share such data with third parties,   clients and business partners,   for commercial purposes. By downloading the application, you accept this privacy policy document and you hereby give your consent for the processing by   Pollfish of the aforementioned data. Furthermore, you are informed that you may disable Pollfish operation at any time by visiting the following link
https://www.pollfish.com/respondent/opt-out
.  We once more invite you to check the Pollfish respondent’s terms of use, if you wish to have more detailed view of the way Pollfish works and with whom Pollfish may further share your data.
Also some of our applications may use RTB House technology. Please review RTB House privacy policy available at
https://www.rtbhouse.com/privacy-center/services-privacy-policy/
to learn more about its data processing practices.
We may work with AppLovin to deliver ads in our mobile applications. For more information about AppLovin’s collection and use of your information visit:
https://www.applovin.com/privacy/
Some of our applications may also use Yahoo technologies, such as Yahoo Code which means Yahoo pixel or other code on our websites or mobile apps and/or custom audiences to enable analytical, optimization, retargeting, and other tools available. For more information, please follow the links:
https://legal.yahoo.com/ie/en/yahoo/privacy/index.html
and/or
https://legal.yahoo.com/us/en/yahoo/privacy/index.html
Your Rights
Subject to certain exemptions, and in some cases dependent on the legal basis which we rely upon for the relevant processing activity (see “How Murka Uses Your Information” section), you have certain rights in relation to your personal data. If you wish to exercise any of these rights, please contact Murka at
privacy@murka.com
. In some cases, Murka may ask you to submit additional information (for example, your first name, last name, your social network ID for the social network from which you access our Services, etc.) in order to identify you as the user of Murka’s Services and data subject before responding to your requests. We reserve the right to charge a fee or refuse to comply with a request where permitted by law, for example if your request is manifestly unfounded or excessive. To the extent permitted by applicable data protection laws, the response period to your request may be extended where necessary, taking into account the complexity and number of the requests.
Access and Correction
You can receive confirmation from us if about whether we are holding personal data about you and can receive access to a copy of the information. You can also correct and complete incorrect information.
Deletion and Restriction
You can request that we temporarily or permanently stop processing all or some of your personal data or demand the deletion of your personal data (subject to certain exemptions). You can request the deletion of your Account Information by dissociating or removing the Murka application from your social network or third party service account in accordance with the instructions provided by the social network or third party service.
Delete Your App Account
To initiate the deletion of your Google Play’s app account and its associated data, please send a request to
privacy@murka.com
. Ensure that your email contains the subject: “Delete Google Play’s app account” and the following information:
The game for which you wish to delete your Google Play’s app account.
Your complete first and last name.
Your email address (kindly ask you to provide email address linked to your app account).
Your User ID (while this is optional, it will assist us in efficiently verifying your identity and processing your request).
Any additional details you may deem relevant (if applicable).
This comprehensive information will enable us to promptly and accurately address your request.
Please be aware that we can initiate the deletion process only upon receiving all the necessary information and successfully verifying your account. We may reach out to you to gather additional details in order to confirm your email address or verify your identity and account. We will complete your request as soon as possible, adhering to relevant legal timeframes.
To initiate the deletion of your app account on iOS, kindly utilize the in-game functionality designed for this purpose. Please refer to the game's settings for instructions on account deletion.
Once the deletion process is completed, all your game progress, virtual items paid for and/or earned will be removed and not recoverable. We are not required to provide refunds, benefits, or other compensation for unused virtual items if you request deletion of your account.
Data Portability
You have the right to request a copy of your personal data in electronic format and the right to transmit that personal data for use in another party’s service, but only in relation to personal data used on the basis of consent or the performance of a contract (see “How Murka Uses Your Information” section).
Right to Object
You can withdraw your consent at any time and also have the right to object to our reliance on our legitimate interests as the basis of our processing of your personal data that impacts your rights. Right to complain to supervisory authority You have a right to lodge a complaint with your local supervisory authority for data protection if you have concerns about how we are processing your personal data.
We ask that you please attempt to resolve any issues with us first, although you have a right to contact your supervisory authority at any time.
Manage Information We Get from a Third-Party Application
To manage the information Murka receives about you from a third-party application or platform where you play our games, like Facebook, Google, Apple etc. you will need to follow the instructions for the third-party application for updating your information and changing your privacy settings. To review and update information associated with your Murka game profile in certain games, visit the “settings” page in that game. You also can manage some aspects of information collection and use by visiting the “settings” page of your mobile device and reviewing the permissions of each application or “app.” Once Murka receives your information from a third-party application or your mobile device, that information is stored and used by Murka in accordance with this Privacy Policy. You may access and update that information as described herein.
Opting Out of Geolocation
If you have previously allowed us to access your geolocation data, you can stop making geolocation available to us by visiting your mobile device's settings for the relevant application or the “settings” page for the relevant game.
Opting Out of Promotional Emails from Murka
If you want to stop receiving promotional e-mails from Murka, click on the "unsubscribe" link in any promotional email from Murka. Please note that once we receive your request, it may take an additional period of time for your opt-out to become effective.
Opting Out of Other Communications
When you install our apps on your mobile device you can choose to receive push notifications, which are messages an app sends you on your mobile device even when the app is not on. You can turn off notifications by visiting your mobile device’s “settings” page.
Opting Out of Third-Party Tailored Advertising
If you are interested in more information about tailored advertising and your choices to prevent third parties from delivering tailored web and mobile web advertising, you may visit the following websites:
Network Advertising Initiative Consumer Opt-Out Page
or
the Digital Advertising Alliance Opt-Out Page for U.S.-based advertising
; and
Your Online Choices UK website for EU-based advertising
.
These opt-out tools are provided by third parties, not Murka. Murka does not control or operate these tools or the choices that advertisers and others provide through these tools. In addition, if you do not want to receive tailored in-application advertisements from third parties that relate to your interests in apps on your mobile device, you may opt-out by adjusting the ad tracking settings on your device. You can also reset the “Advertising Identifier” (like an IDFA) from your mobile device’s settings page, which will prevent continued use of existing behavioral data tied to the previous “Advertising Identifier.” Further, depending on the platform provider (such as Apple or Google), you may be able to download apps, such as the Digital Advertising Alliance’s “AppChoices” app, that offer to provide you with control regarding the collection and use of cross-app data for tailored advertising. Like the opt-out tools mentioned above for web, these mobile opt-out tools are provided by third parties, not Murka. Murka does not control or operate these tools or the choices that advertisers and others provide through these tools. Please note that you may still receive advertisements from third parties within Murka’s games even if you opt out of tailored advertising but they will not be based on your activity across unrelated web sites or apps.
Opting Out of Cookie Tracking
You can set your web browser to warn you about attempts to place cookies on your computer or limit the type of cookies you allow. Most internet browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser settings to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to reject cookies, while you can still use Murka Services, your access to some functionality and areas of our Services may be restricted and you may lose some of the features and functionality of our Services because Murka cookies are necessary to track and enhance your game activities. You can find further information on managing or rejecting cookies for different web-browsers on
www.aboutcookies.org
or the settings of popular Internet browsers:
Cookie settings in Chrome
Cookie settings in Firefox
Cookie settings in Opera
Cookie settings in Internet Explorer
Cookie settings in Safari web
and
iOS
.
Flash cookies operate differently than browser cookies and cookie management tools available in a web browser may not remove flash cookies. To learn more about and manage flash cookies you can visit the
Adobe website
and make changes at the
Global Privacy Settings Panel
.
Do Not Track. Currently we do not process or respond to web browsers’ “do not track” signals or other similar transmissions.
Your California Rights
If you are a California resident please review our California Consumer Privacy Act Notice below, which is incorporated as part of this Privacy Policy for California residents only.
Links
The Services may contain links to other websites or applications. The fact that the Services links to a website or application, or presents a banner ad or other type of advertisement does not mean that Murka endorses or authorizes that third party, nor is it a representation of any affiliation with that third party. If you click on a link to a third-party site or application, including on an advertisement, you will leave the Murka site you are visiting or application you are running, and will go to the site or application linked to. These third party websites and applications may place their own cookies or other files on your computer or mobile device, and may collect data or solicit personal data from you. Other sites and applications follow different rules regarding the use or disclosure of the personal data you submit to them. Because Murka cannot control the activities of third parties, it cannot accept responsibility for any use of your personal data by such third parties, and it cannot guarantee that they will adhere to the same privacy and security practices as Murka. You are therefore encouraged to read the privacy policies or statements of other websites and applications you visit before providing any personal data.
Security
Murka has made reasonable technical and organizational measures designed to secure your personal data from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration or disclosure. However, Murka cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to overcome those measures or use your personal data for improper purposes. Also please note that email and messaging systems are not considered secure, so Murka discourages you from sending Murka personal data through these media. Data breaches which may pose a risk to individuals will be notified to the DPA (competent data protection authority) within 72 hours, and to affected individuals without undue delay where they pose a high risk to individuals, or otherwise in our discretion.
International Operations and Transfers Out of the EEA
IMPORTANT: When you use Our Services, your data may be transferred outside of the country in which you reside, including to countries outside of the European Economic Area ("EEA"). Murka is part of a global group of companies. Consequently, your personal data may be transferred to and stored in countries where our Affiliates (which means subsidiaries, parent companies, joint ventures and other corporate entities under common ownership with Murka Games Limited) are based (for example, the British Virgin Islands and the Ukraine), for the purposes of providing you with the Services, or otherwise using your information for the purposes described in “How Murka Uses Your Information” section.
Murka also uses third party suppliers (such as IT service providers, data hosting providers and marketing automation or advertising platforms) based internationally, in particular (but without limitation) in the United States of America. We will take appropriate steps to ensure that transfers of personal data are made in accordance with applicable law and carefully managed to protect your privacy rights and interests. Transfers are limited to countries which are recognized as providing an adequate level of legal protection or where we can be satisfied that alternative arrangement are in place to protect your privacy rights. These include contractual protections approved by the European Commission (or another relevant supervisory authority), or certification schemes such as the EU - US Privacy Shield. You have a right to contact us for more information about the safeguards we have put in place. If we provide you with a copy of a contract under which your personal data is transferred, it may be redacted for reasons of commercial confidentiality If you are a resident in a jurisdiction - which for these purposes does
not
include the EU, EEA or any member state of the EU or EEA - where transfer of your personal data to another jurisdiction requires your consent, then you provide us your express and unambiguous consent to such transfer for us to provide you with our Services.
Children Policy
Unless written otherwise, you may not use our Services if you are under 13 years of age (or under 16 years of age, if you are located in the EEA and Switzerland, or under the age of majority where you are located) (collectively, “Children”), in which case you must not use any of our Services, or submit personal data in the Services or to Murka (for example, your name, address, telephone number, or email address). Murka does not knowingly collect personal data from Children. Children may not register for an account or provide any personal data to Murka. Murka respects the privacy of parents and Children, and is committed to complying with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act ("COPPA"). If a parent believes that his or her Child has submitted personal data to Murka, he or she can contact us via email:
privacy@murka.com
If Murka learns that a Child has provided it with personal data, Murka will take steps to delete such information as soon as possible. We recognize the importance of safeguarding the privacy of Children, and encourage parents to check and monitor their children's use of online activities regularly. By using our Services, you represent and warrant that you are a person who is over the minimum legal age to consent to the collection and processing of personal data under applicable law where you are located or whose parent or legal guardian have acknowledged and understood our
Terms of Service
and
Privacy Policy
. You agree that you will not knowingly allow any Child to use or access the Services without a parent or legal guardian supervising him or her.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions, comments or concerns regarding our Privacy Policy and/or practices, please send an e-mail to
privacy@murka.com
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
This Privacy Policy shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Cyprus. Disputes arising in connection with this Privacy Policy shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Cyprus Courts although Murka retains the right to bring proceedings against you for breach of this Privacy Policy in your country of residence or any other relevant country.
The Oval
Street Krinou, 3
Agios Athanasios Municipality, Limassol, 4103 Cyprus
California Consumer Privacy Act Notice
Effective January 1, 2020
Last amended July 1, 2020
Scope of Notice
This California Consumer Privacy Act Notice ("Notice") supplements the information contained in our
Privacy Policy
. The provisions contained in this Notice provide additional information to our
Privacy Policy
about how we collect, use, disclose and otherwise process personal information of our users ("consumers", "players" or "you") who are individual residents of the State of California, either online or offline, within the scope of the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 ("CCPA"). For such consumers, provisions of this Notice supersede any other possibly divergent or conflicting provisions contained in our
Privacy Policy
.
Unless otherwise expressly stated, all terms in this Notice have the same meaning as defined in our
Privacy Policy
or as otherwise defined in the CCPA. This Notice is in compliance with the CCPA.
Categories of Personal Information Collected
"Personal Information" in this Notice, as in the CCPA, refers to any information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a certain consumer or household.
In particular, the following categories of Personal Information we collected within the last twelve (12) months, the sources of collection, and the business purposes for collection are indicated in the list below.
Category of Personal Information
Categories of Sources
Identifiers
, such as name, account name, device ID, email address, IP address, online identifiers etc.
Players
Players' Devices
Service Providers including Internet Service Providers, Data Analytics Providers, Advertising Networks, Operating Systems and Platforms
Social Networks
California Customer Records
(Cal. Civ. Code 1798.80(e)) such as address, name, telephone number.
Players
Service Providers
Social Networks
Protected Classification Characteristics
, such as age and gender.
Players
Service Providers
Social Networks
Commercial Information
, such as products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Players
Service Providers including Data Analytics Providers, Operating Systems and Platforms
Social Networks
Internet/Network Information
, such as website or application or advertisement browsing history, information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an internet website, application, or advertisement.
Players
Players' Devices
Service Providers including Internet Service Providers, Data Analytics Providers, Advertising Networks, Operating Systems and Platforms
Geolocation Data
, IP address, device shared location, and Wi-Fi connection location.
Players
Players' Devices
Service Providers including Internet Service Providers, Data Analytics Providers, Advertising Networks, Operating Systems and Platforms
Inferences
such as derivation of information, data, assumptions, or conclusions from any of the above categories of personal information..
Players
Players' Devices
Service Providers including Internet Service Providers, Data Analytics Providers, Advertising Networks, Operating Systems and Platforms
Social Networks
We may use and/or disclose the Personal Information we collect for one or more of the following business or commercial purposes:
Customer service
Payments processing
Operate our business and games
Internal analytics and reporting
Customer support
Internal research
Game mechanics or functionality
Facilitate players' social interactions
Debugging existing intended functionality
Product development/improvement
Maintaining and enhancing service
Auditing Player interaction & transactions
Marketing, including direct marketing (email, etc.)
Advertising
Detecting/Protecting against security events
Player acquisition.
Disclosure of Personal Information
In the last twelve (12) months we have disclosed the following categories of Personal Information: Identifiers, California Customer Records (Cal. Civ. Code 1798.80(e)), Protected Classification Characteristics, Commercial Information, Internet/Network Information, Geolocation Data, Inferences.
As described in the
Privacy Policy
, we share Personal Information within Murka group of companies and with a variety of recipients for business and commercial purposes. In addition to the categories of recipients identified in the
Privacy Policy
, we disclose Personal Information to, or allow access to Personal Information by, the following categories of recipients:
Customer Service Vendors;
Cloud Storage Providers;
Payment and Auditing Processors;
Security Safety Vendors and Service Providers;
Social Media Services;
Advertising and Marketing Partners.
We also may share Personal Information with your social network friends and other users, and successor organization in the transition of Murka’s sale, merger, acquisition, etc.
Murka does not "sell" Personal Information about our players as most people would typically understand that term. However, we may allow certain third-party advertising partners to collect information about consumers through our games and our website for purposes of serving ads that are more relevant, for ad campaign measurement and analytics, and for ad fraud detection and reporting. To the extent this practice may be interpreted to constitute a "sale" under the CCPA, please see our Opt-Out section below for more information (Right to Opt-Out of Sale of Personal Information – Do Not Sell My Info)
Online Advertising
The following describes the categories of Personal Information we may sell for business purposes. These are also the categories of information we might have sold in the past twelve (12) months.
When we serve you personalized video ads, we may sell identifiers such as resettable identifiers provided by your mobile device’s operating system with ad networks, social media companies and other third-party businesses in the ad ecosystem. The typical resettable advertising IDs are GAID (Android) and IDFA (Apple) and they are considered Personal Information under the CCPA. These third parties may use your Personal Information:
to serve relevant ads on our site, on other websites or mobile apps, or on other devices a player may use;
to personalize content; and
to perform other advertising-related services such as reporting, attribution, analytics and market research.
These third parties may use this Personal Information for their own commercial purposes in accordance with their own privacy policies, which may include providing this information to additional third parties, including other advertising networks.
Financial Incentives
In each of the following financial incentives, which we offer on some, but not all games, we may grant you virtual currency or other virtual items across the variety of our games that you play. Such items and currency are virtual and have no monetary or cash value and cannot be used outside of the applicable game. For further details, refer to section “Virtual Items” of the
Terms of Service
.
Financial Incentive
Categories of Personal Information Collected
How to Opt-In to the Financial Incentive
In-game ads
Identifiers, Internet or other electronic network activity information, Commercial information, Location Data, Inferences drawn
Watch in-game video ads that may be presented to you
Facebook connect or Sign in with Apple
Identifiers, Internet or other electronic network activity information, Commercial information, Location Data, Inferences drawn
Connect to our games through Facebook account or Apple ID
Mailing list
Identifiers, such as email address
Subscribe to our mailing list or share with us your email address
You have a right to withdraw from the financial incentive at any time. For example, you may choose not to watch in-game advertisements or disconnect Facebook account or Apple ID through user settings. Also you may submit a consumer request as described below.
Your California Privacy Rights
Right to Know
You have the right to request the disclosure of certain information to you about our collection and use of your Personal Information over the twelve (12) months preceding your request. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will disclose to you:
The categories of Personal Information we have collected about you;
The categories of sources from which the Personal Information is collected;
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting Personal Information;
The categories of third parties with whom we share, sell Personal Information, if any; and
The specific pieces of Personal Information we have collected about you.
Right to Deletion
Subject to certain exceptions set out below, on receipt of a verifiable request from you, we will:
Delete your Personal Information from our records; and
Direct any service providers to delete your Personal Information from their records.
Please note that we may not delete your Personal Information if it is necessary to:
Complete the transaction for which the Personal Information was collected, fulfill the terms of a written warranty or product recall conducted in accordance with federal law, provide a good or service requested by you, or reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform a contract between you and us;
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity; or prosecute those responsible for that activity;
Debug to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality;
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise his or her right of free speech, or exercise another right provided for by law;
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act;
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when our deletion of the information is likely to render impossible or seriously impair the achievement of such research, provided we have obtained your informed consent;
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with your expectations based on your relationship with us;
Comply with an existing legal obligation; or
Otherwise use your Personal Information, internally, in a lawful manner that is compatible with the context in which you provided the information.
Right to Opt-Out of Sale of Personal Information – Do Not Sell My Info
You have the right to opt-out of sale of your Personal Information. As described above we do not "sell" Personal Information about our players as most people would typically understand that term. But given that some practices may be interpreted to constitute a "sale" under the CCPA, you have the rights as described below.
To exercise your right to opt-out, please submit a request by clicking the following link:
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
or by contacting us at
privacy@murka.com
.
Once you make an opt-out request, you may change your mind and revoke your opt-out request any time by contacting us at
privacy@murka.com
.
If you do not want to receive interest-based in-application advertisements on your mobile device, you may adjust the ad tracking settings on your device (such as turning on “Limit Ad Tracking”). You can also reset the “Advertising Identifier” (such as an IDFA) from your mobile device’s settings page, which will prevent continued use of existing behavioral data tied to your previous “Advertising Identifier.” To Limit Ad tracking on iOS Devices please follow the link
Limit Ad Tracking
. To opt out of personalized ads on Android devices follow the link
Opt-out of Personalized Ads
.
To prevent third parties from delivering tailored web and mobile web advertising, you may also visit the opt-out tools provided by the
Network Advertising Alliance
and the
Digital Advertising Alliance
, or download apps, such as the Digital Advertising Alliance’s “AppChoices” app, that offer to provide you with controls regarding the collection and use of cross-app data for behavioral advertising.
These opt-out tools are provided by third parties, not Murka. Murka does not control or operate these tools or the choices that advertisers and others provide through these tools.
Right to Non-Discrimination for the Exercise of Your Privacy Rights
You have the right to not be discriminated against by us because you exercised any of your rights under the CCPA. This means we cannot, among other things:
Deny goods or services to you;
Charge different prices or rates for goods or services, including through the use of discounts or other benefits or imposing penalties;
Provide a different level or quality of goods or services to you; or
Suggest that you will receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
Please note that we may charge a different price or rate or provide a different level or quality of goods and/or services to you, if that difference is reasonably related to the value provided to our business by your Personal Information.
Right to Designate an Authorized Agent to Submit CCPA Requests on Your Behalf
You may also designate an authorized agent to exercise these rights on their behalf. To do so, you need to provide the authorized agent written permission to do so and the agent will need to submit to us proof that they have been authorized by you. We will also require that you verify your own identity, as explained below.
How to Exercise Your Rights under CCPA
You may make a verifiable consumer request to exercise your right to know and right to deletion under the CCPA by:
contacting us at
privacy@murka.com
with the subject line "California Rights Request"; or
submitting your request via Support or Contact us section within the game.
The verifiable consumer request must:
provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected Personal Information or an authorized representative; and
describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We will verify your request by attempting to match two or three identifying pieces of information you provide us in connection with the request you make, to Personal Information we already maintain about you. We may ask to verify your request through the account's existing authentication methods (if applicable). We will take all reasonable precautions to verify your identity in connection with fulfilling our responsibilities under the CCPA. We will evaluate each request based on the individual submitting the request and the category of information related to the request. We cannot respond to your request or provide you with Personal Information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm Personal Information relates to you. Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. Although we try to limit the Personal Information collected in connection with a request to exercise the right to know and the right to deletion to that Personal Information, certain requests may require us to obtain additional Personal Information from you. We may use verification by email or other methods to verify your identity and request.
We will confirm receipt of your verifiable request within ten (10) business days and provide information about how we will process your request. We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within forty-five (45) calendar days of its receipt. If we require more time, we will inform you of the reason and extension period. Any disclosures we provide will only cover the twelve (12) month period preceding the verifiable consumer request receipt. The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
Minors Under Age 16
We do not sell Personal Information of players we know to be less than sixteen (16) years of age, unless we receive affirmative authorization (the "Right to Opt-In") from either the minor who is between thirteen (13) and sixteen (16) years of age, or the parent or guardian of a minor less than thirteen (13) years of age.
Shine the Light
You may request information once per calendar year about our disclosures of certain categories of Personal Information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. Such requests must be submitted to us using the methods described above.
Updates
We may update this Notice from time to time. When we make changes to this Notice, we will change the date at the beginning of this Notice. If we make material changes to this Notice, we may notify you by email to your registered email address, by prominent posting on our online services, or through other relevant communication channels. All changes shall be effective from the date of publication unless otherwise provided in the notification. You are responsible for periodically checking this Notice for any changes.
Contact Us
If you have any questions, comments or concerns regarding this Notice, our
Privacy Policy
and/or practices, please send an e-mail to
privacy@murka.com
. For all other matters, please contact our support.
This document can be printed for reference by using the print command in the settings of most common browsers.