This document is modeled after the
Creative Commons Privacy Policy
from
Automattic
. That's why it sounds like it was written by some fancy lawyer.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, iBurn collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. iBurn’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how iBurn’s visitors use its website. From time to time, iBurn may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
To protect your privacy, we recommend using a browser plugin to block 3rd party tracking services, such as
Ghostery
.
Mobile Apps
We use Parse Analytics to track how the app is used, with the goal of helping us provide you a more awesome iBurn experience. We do not collect any personally identifying information. Other data that can be submitted to a 3rd party is our opt-in, anonymized crash report data, provided by the open source crash reporting SDK from
HockeyApp
.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to iBurn’s websites choose to interact with iBurn in ways that require iBurn to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that iBurn gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. In each case, iBurn collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with iBurn. iBurn does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
iBurn may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. iBurn may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, iBurn does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
iBurn discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on iBurn’s behalf or to provide services available at iBurn’s websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using iBurn’s websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. iBurn will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, iBurn discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when iBurn believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of iBurn, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an iBurn website and have supplied your email address, iBurn may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with iBurn and our products. We primarily use our various product blogs to communicate this type of information, so we expect to keep this type of email to a minimum. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. iBurn takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. iBurn uses cookies to help iBurn identify and track visitors, their usage of iBurn website, and their website access preferences. iBurn visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using iBurn’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of iBurn’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Analytics & Social Sharing Widgets
iBurn uses Google Analytics on iburnapp.com to help us monitor the number of people who visit the site. We also include social sharing widgets that are bundled with our blogging theme. We recommend using a browser plugin like
Ghostery
to opt-out.
Business Transfers
If iBurn, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that iBurn goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of iBurn may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, iBurn may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in iBurn’s sole discretion. iBurn encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Change log:
August 12, 2015:  Initial privacy policy, modeled after Automattic’s.