Mobile Games
Privacy Policy for iOS Games
This Privacy Policy concerns the iOS Games (in the following: "apps") developed by Johannes Fieres under the label tlogic.de (in the following: "we", "us", "our").
1. What data do we collect and for what purpose?
The apps connect to our web server in order to provide 
certain functionalities, specifically, to  enable you: to create and share new levels,
 to play levels created by other users, 
to rate or comment on user-created levels, 
to browse user-created levels by popularity,
and to post high scores.
The web server stores data necessary to provide these
functionalities to the user. 
However,  we do not identify
individual users. In particular, we do not collect or store any
personal data, e.g. in form of a user account. Rather, we identify
individual app installations by a random number created when the
app starts the first time. As a result, it is not possible for us to
identify individual users or individual devices used.  
Be aware, however, that you might reveal personal data through screen names or comments you 
provide.
We use the Google Admob service to serve ads in the apps. 
This service uses the advertising ID of your  device (an anonymous identifier) 
for the purpose of collecting usage data and serving relevant ads. Please refer to
"How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services"
for all details.
In some ad-supported apps, we use Apple's in-app purchase technology to give you the chance to 
make the app ad-free. The in-app purchases are processed using your 
Apple account. We do not intercept any personal information related to your Apple account.
Please refer to
Apple's privacy policies
to learn how Apple collects and stores personal data.
2. Sharing of data to third parties
The data stored on our servers is only shared with other users of the apps
in the course of using the functionalities mentioned in section 1. 
We do not share any data stored on our server with further  parties, 
unless it will be required by applicable law.
3. Data security
We take commonly accepted electronic and procedural precautions to protect any data on our server from unauthorized access.
4. Issue handling
We take user issues serious. If you have any questions or 
concerns regarding privacy, please contact us at support @ tlogic.de.
Home
|
Apps
|
Privacy Policy
|
Contact
Copyright © Johannes Fieres