Privacy policy
This privacy policy ("Policy")
describes how the App ("we", "us" or "our")
collects, protects and uses the personally identifiable information
("Personal Information") you ("User", "you"
or "your") may provide while using the App. It also
describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your
personal information and how you can access and update this
information. This Policy does not apply to the practices of companies
that we do not own or control, or to individuals that we do not
employ or manage.
Owner and Data Controller
Volker Vöcking
Alte
Jakobstraße 77c
10179
Berlin
Germany
privacy@vvse.com
https://www.vvse.com/contact.html
Types of Data collected
Among the types of Personal Data that this
App collects, by itself, there are: Location Data.
Complete
details on each type of Personal Data collected are provided in the
dedicated sections of this privacy policy or by specific explanation
texts displayed prior to the Data collection.
The Personal
Data may be freely provided by the User, or, in case of Usage Data,
collected automatically when using this App.
In cases where this
App specifically states that some Data is not mandatory, Users are
free not to communicate this Data without any consequences on the
availability or the functioning of the service.
Users who are
uncertain about which Personal Data is mandatory are welcome to
contact the Owner.
Mode and place of processing the Data
Methods of processing
The Data is processed by the App and stored
on the device.
Place
The Data is processed on the User's device.
It is not automatically transferred to the Owner or any third
party.
If the User decides to transfer data to the Owner then
processing and handling of that data takes place at the Data
Controller's operating offices and in any other places where the
parties involved with the processing are located. For further
information, please contact the Data Controller. Retention time The
Data is kept for the time necessary to provide the service requested
by the User, or stated by the purposes outlined in this document, and
the User can always request that the Data Controller suspend or
remove the data.
The use of the collected Data
The Data concerning the User is collected to
allow the Owner to provide its services.
The Personal Data used
for each purpose is outlined in the specific sections of this
document.
Detailed information on the processing of
Personal Data
Personal Data is collected for the following
purposes:
Calculation of information
about sun and moon
With your permission, the app can access
your location. Your location is used to calculate the information
about the sun and moon. It is also saved so that the information for
the current day can be calculated the next time the app is started
without further user interaction.
Keeping a list of favorite locations
You can save selected locations in a
location list. This list is stored on your device and will not be
transferred to us or to any third party.
Third-party Services used by the App
Apple Maps
The
map
is
provided by Apple (
Apple
Inc.,
1
In
fi
nite
Loop,Cupertino, CA 95014, USA
).
This will let Apple know your IP address and - if you have enabled it
for the app - your location.
For
detailed information about iOS privacy and tracking services, please
visit Apple's website at
https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT203033
For
more information on how Apple handles user data, please see Apple's
Privacy Policy:
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/
Google Maps
The
map is provided by Google (Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway
Mountain View, CA 94043, USA). To use the functions of Google Maps it
is necessary to save your IP address. This information is usually
transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there.
General
information on the handling of user data can be found in Google's
data protection
declaration:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en&gl=de
Additional information about Data collection and
processing
Legal action
The User's Personal Data may be used for
legal purposes by the Data Controller, in Court or in the stages
leading to possible legal action arising from improper use of this
App or the related services. The User declares to be aware that the
Data Controller may be required to reveal personal data upon request
of public authorities.
Additional information
about User's Personal Data
In addition to the information contained in
this privacy policy, this App may provide the User with additional
and contextual information concerning particular services or the
collection and processing of Personal Data upon request.
System logs and maintenance
For operation and maintenance purposes, this
App and any third-party services may collect files that record
interaction with this App (System logs) use other Personal Data (such
as the IP Address) for this purpose.
Information not contained
in this policy
More details concerning the collection or
processing of Personal Data may be requested from the Data Controller
at any time. Please see the contact information at the beginning of
this document.
The rights of Users
Users have the right, at any time, to know
whether their Personal Data has been stored and can consult the Data
Controller to learn about their contents and origin, to verify their
accuracy or to ask for them to be supplemented, cancelled, updated or
corrected, or for their transformation into anonymous format or to
block any data held in violation of the law, as well as to oppose
their treatment for any and all legitimate reasons. Requests should
be sent to the Data Controller at the contact information set out
above. This App does not support “Do Not Track” requests. To
determine whether any of the third-party services it uses honor the
“Do Not Track” requests, please read their privacy policies.
Changes to this privacy
policy
The Data Controller reserves the right to
make changes to this privacy policy at any time by giving notice to
its Users on this page. It is strongly recommended to check this page
often, referring to the date of the last modification listed at the
bottom. If a User objects to any of the changes to the Policy, the
User must cease using this App and can request that the Data
Controller remove the Personal Data. Unless stated otherwise, the
then-current privacy policy applies to all Personal Data the Data
Controller has about Users.
Information about this
privacy policy
The Data Controller is responsible for this
privacy policy.
Definitions and legal references
Personal Data (or Data)
Any information regarding a natural person,
a legal person, an institution or an association, which is, or can
be, identified, even indirectly, by reference to any other
information, including a personal identification number.
Usage Data
Information collected automatically through
this Application (or third-party services employed in this
Application), which can include: the IP addresses or domain names of
the computers utilized by the Users who use this Application, the URI
addresses (Uniform Resource Identifier), the time of the request, the
method utilized to submit the request to the server, the size of the
file received in response, the numerical code indicating the status
of the server's answer (successful outcome, error, etc.), the country
of origin, the features of the browser and the operating system
utilized by the User, the various time details per visit (e.g., the
time spent on each page within the Application) and the details about
the path followed within the Application with special reference to
the sequence of pages visited, and other parameters about the device
operating system and/or the User's IT environment. User The
individual using this Application, which must coincide with or be
authorized by the Data Subject, to whom the Personal Data refers.
Data Subject
The legal or natural person to whom the
Personal Data refers.
Data Processor (or Data
Supervisor)
The natural person, legal person, public
administration or any other body, association or organization
authorized by the Data Controller to process the Personal Data in
compliance with this privacy policy.
Data Controller (or Owner)
The natural person, legal person, public
administration or any other body, association or organization with
the right, also jointly with another Data Controller, to make
decisions regarding the purposes, and the methods of processing of
Personal Data and the means used, including the security measures
concerning the operation and use of this Application. The Data
Controller, unless otherwise specified, is the Owner of this
Application.
This App
The means by which the Personal Data of the
User is collected.
Legal information
Notice to European Users: this privacy
statement has been prepared in fulfillment of the obligations under
Art. 10 of EC Directive n. 95/46/EC, and under the provisions of
Directive 2002/58/EC, as revised by Directive 2009/136/EC, on the
subject of Cookies.
This privacy policy relates solely to this
App.