Returns
30-Day Return Policy
International
Used Item Return Policy
Shipping
Free Shipping
Order Status
Shipping & Delivery
Shipping Estimates
Store Pickup
International
Store Info
Hours of Operation
Store Pickup
NYC SuperStore
Directions & Parking
Payment
Payment Options
Payboo Credit Card
B&H Gift Card
Rewards Program
Price Match
Price Match
Price Adjustment on Prior Purchase
Student Discounts
Business Leasing
International
Sales Tax/Tax Exemptions
Sales Tax
Tax Exemptions
Filmmaker Tax Exemptions
International
Where We Ship
Policies & Pricing
Customs, Taxes, & Other Fees
Foreign Currency
Canada
Shipping
Policies
Warranties & Manufacturers
Pricing Policy
USA Grey Market
Privacy & Security
User Agreement & Disclaimer
Update Email Subscription
Become a B&H Vendor
Product Reviews / Q&A
Used Department
Used Item Return Policy
Used Item Terms of Warranty
Sell Your Gear
FAQ
Student & EDU Advantage
Approval Process
Eligibility Requirements
Becoming A Member
Resources
Explora
EDU Advantage
Corporate Sales
Event Space
Contact the Manufacturer
Become a B&H Vendor
About B&H
The B&H Story
Career Opportunities
Imaging Partners
B&H Podcast
Warranties & Manufacturers
All items sold by B&H are warranted solely by the manufacturer/distributor, except "No USA Warranty" (NUW) items. All items requiring repair (other than NUW) should be sent to the manufacturer/distributor directly for service. We are not liable if the manufacturer/distributor fails to perform warranty service. For NUW items only, B&H provides a warranty identical to the provisions and limitations of the manufacturer's warranty for such items, with the exception of the time period, which is equal to the term of the manufacturer's warranty or one (1) year, whichever is less. Your warranty card and/or sales slip must accompany all items. Used equipment is covered under a 90-day parts and labor warranty.
There is no implied warranty of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose on any item sold by B&H.
B&H will not be responsible for any consequential or incidental damage resulting from the sale or use of any merchandise purchased from us. B&H's liability is limited to the monetary value of the merchandise.
Limited 90-Day Parts & Labor Warranty on Used Items
All used items B&H sells carry a limited 90-day parts & labor warranty that covers all operational/functional defects encountered in normal use of the product and is subject to certain
conditions
.
Brand & Manufacturer Contact Information
Canon
(800) 652-2666
(800) 828-4040
http://www.usa.canon.com/
Fujifilm
(800) 800-3854
http://www.fujifilmusa.com/
Allstate
877-629-0421
https://www.allstateprotectionplans.com
San Disk
(866) 726-3475
http://www.sandisk.com/
support@sandisk.com
Sony
239.245.6358
http://www.sony.com/
Panasonic
800.211.7262
http://www.panasonic.com/
Epson
(800) 463-7766
http://www.epson.com/
Manfrotto
(201) 818-9500
480-940-1103 repairs
http://www.manfrotto.com/
Nikon
(800) 645-6678
(800) 645-6689
http://www.nikonusa.com/
Olympus
800.622.6372
888.553.4448
https://www.getolympus.com/
HP
(800) 334-5144
http://www.hp.com/
Kodak
888.978.0806
http://www.kodak.com/
Samsung
(800) 726-7864
http://www.samsung.com/
Pentax
800.877.0155
https://us.ricoh-imaging.com/
gopro
800-272-7281
https://gopro.com/help/ContactUs
Apple
800-275-2273
http://www.apple.com/
No results found
{{filteredContacts.length}}
result
s
{{ contact.name }}
Distributed By - {{ contact.distributer }}
Tel: {{ contact.tel }}
or {{ contact.tel2 }}
Website
{{ contact.url }}
Email
{{ contact.email }}
Supplier Diversity Program
B&H started as the quintessential small business—a mom and pop shop—and even though we have grown into an industry leader, we still adhere to the precepts our success was built on: customer service, education (for salespeople as well as consumers), extensive inventory and amazing prices.
What's more, we are committed to the ongoing success of small businesses everywhere. We are enthusiastically dedicated to establishing associations with vendors of all sizes and stripes, including:
Women-owned small businesses
HUBZone small businesses
Small disadvantaged businesses
Veteran-owned small businesses
Service-disabled veteran-owned small businesses
If your company is a supplier offering products or services that you believe would be beneficial to B&H and our customers, we'd love to hear from you. Feel free to contact our small business liaison office at
smallbusiness@bhphoto.com
.
Pricing Policy
Why No Price?
From time to time, we enter into Minimum Advertised Price (MAP) agreements with select suppliers in order to pass along certain benefits to our customers. According to these agreements (details vary from vendor to vendor) we can sell an item for any price, but we may not advertise that item for an amount less than the Minimum Advertised Price, which is set by the supplier. In exchange, we get advance notice about newly released products and early shipments, as well as favored status with the world's best brands. While we abide by our MAP agreements, we always ensure that you pay the lowest price.
Payment Verification
Occasionally we may ask you to verify that you're the card owner or that order and ship-to information are legitimate. This verification process is for your protection, rarely delays an order, and generally requires either a simple phone call (which can be done after business hours) or fax communication.
If your order requires verification, we will advise you by phone or email. This is why it's important that you provide multiple contact phone numbers when ordering and that you keep your information current.
It is also important that you understand what we mean by bill-to information on the checkout process. The bill-to address is the address to which your bank mails your monthly credit card statement. The bill-to address you give us must agree with the address that the card-issuing bank has on file. Please be sure you provide the correct information, even if the items are to be shipped to a different location. We regret that they are even occasionally necessary, but these steps are designed to safeguard against credit card fraud and identity theft.
Sales Tax
Local Sales Tax: When an order is shipped within New York State, the law requires that local sales tax be added to the order total, including any shipping charges.
Purchases in our store are subject to an 8.875% local sales tax. This tax is not a VAT and cannot be recovered by non-USA visitors when returning home.
If your order is shipping to an address in a state which requires local sales tax collection on remote purchases, or is being picked up in our Manhattan SuperStore, local sales tax will be automatically collected unless the account is registered as tax-exempt. In some cases, we may provide an estimated sales tax amount until your exact location is finalized prior to order completion.
Important information for residents of Puerto Rico: we are legally required to report certain purchases to local taxation departments. Please check with your local government to see if your purchases are subject to a use tax.
Tax Exemptions
Government, education, nonprofit organizations, public charities, churches and other religious organizations usually qualify for tax-exempt purchases. Once approved, customers may make tax-exempt purchases on behalf of their organizations online. To apply for a tax-exempt account,
click here
.
Apply for Tax Exempt Status
Click here for information about Sales Tax / Tax Exemptions
B&H Warranty/Imported/Grey Market Products
What is a B&H Warranty item?
Items labeled with a B&H Warranty are imported or grey market products that are being sold outside of the manufacturer's intended sales region. Products obtained from sources other than the manufacturer or its licensed importer are "grey market" products. Grey market is not illegal, not factory seconds, not demo merchandise, not cheaper or inferior quality. In fact, in almost every instance, a grey market product is absolutely identical to its USA-warranted counterpart. Grey market and USA-warranted products are manufactured in the same factories, from the same components and sub-assemblies, to the same specs and tolerances, and by the same workers. In terms of the items themselves, there is no difference at all. For example: a grey market Nikon 50mm f/1.4 D-AF lens is exactly the same in every possible way as a USA-warranted version. You may see such items also described as "Imported" or "Grey Market" or "International."
Why does B&H sell Imported items?
Product availability — by selling Imported items, we're able to offer items that may currently be unavailable directly from manufacturers.
What are the key differences between Imported and Regular items?
Imported items are not warranted by the manufacturer and, instead, come with a limited warranty from B&H. Additionally, these items are not eligible for Rebates or promotional offers from the manufacturer.
Are grey market items eligible for manufacturer repair if damaged and out of warranty period?
While each manufacturer is different, many manufacturers do not provide an option for repair on items that are labelled as grey market merchandise.
Are there any other differences?
Typically, there are no other major differences in how the items function. There may be some slight changes to how the menu system is organized, which languages are set as default, or the literature included with the item. Functionally, the items are the same.
What are B&H's warranty terms?
We cover all manufacturing defects. Duration varies based on the item. Please see the product page and locate the "In the Box" section for duration of coverage. Typically this will match the manufacturer's standard warranty.
Who do I contact for warranty service?
Contact B&H customer service for any service questions.
Can I purchase an extended warranty on grey market items that come with a B&H warranty?
Yes. Customers can purchase an extended warranty in the exact same way as they would with an item with a standard manufacturer's warranty.
Privacy & Security
B&H Foto & Electronics Corp - Web Privacy Policy. Version Effective September 26, 2023
A. Who we are
B & H Foto & Electronics Corp ("B&H") is the largest non-chain photo, video and consumer electronics store in the United States. The business operates a retail store on 34th St. and 9th Avenue in New York City, along with their main website (
www.bhphotovideo.com
), mobile application and content delivery site, "B&H Explora" (
www.bhphotovideo.com/explora
).
Due to the nature of the retail and eCommerce business, B&H is often required to obtain Personal Information from our consumers, organizational sales customers, affiliates and vendors to successfully operate. B&H recognizes the need to maintain the confidentiality of private, highly confidential and proprietary information. This Data Privacy Policy ("Policy") will offer a transparent breakdown of how B&H and our strategic partners protect the confidentiality of the information collected by B&H.
B&H is a "Data Controller", a legal term which means we make decisions regarding how and why we collect and use your Personal Information. As the "Data Controller", we are responsible for ensuring that your Personal Information is only used for the purposes for which it was originally collected and in compliance with all applicable data protection laws. We are also responsible for ensuring that any third party that we authorize to process the data on our behalf, known as "Data Processors", also follow these standards and use the data only for these same reasons.
If you have concerns or questions regarding this privacy policy, the use and collection of your Personal Information by B&H, or if you require more details on how we collect, store or use your Personal Information, you can email
privacy@bhphoto.com
.
You may also write to us at the following address:
Privacy Team, Legal Department
B & H Foto & Electronics Corp.
420 Ninth Avenue
New York, NY 10001
800-606-6969 or 212-444-6615
This Policy should be read in conjunction with all the
B&H Website Terms and Conditions.
B. Changes to B&H Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy. When we make changes, the updated policy will be posted here and the revision date will be updated. You are encouraged to refer back to ensure you are familiar with our most recent policy updates.
C. Purpose of this policy
This Policy covers B&H and its affiliated Partners. It explains the Legal Basis that B&H has in processing your Personal Information, how and what data we collect about you and what we do with that data. This policy will also inform you of your data privacy rights and how you can exercise those rights.
In this policy, when we talk about "Personal Information", we are referring to any information that relates to you, such as your name, email address, mailing address, telephone number, etc.
When we talk about the B&H Platform we mean the B&H
websites,
www.bhphotovideo.com
and
www.bhphotovideo.com/explora
, 
and the B&H mobile application.
For specific information about  the EU-US Data Privacy Framework Program, See Section L below.
D. The data we collect from you and how we collect that data
We collect Personal Information directly from you and from any devices, including mobile devices, that you use when you use our Platform, register for an account with us, provide us with information on a web form, update or add information to your account, participate in a community board discussion chat, or when you otherwise correspond with us.
The provision of Personal Information is voluntary but may be necessary in order to use our Services, such as setting up an account, conducting a transaction, commenting on a blog post or reviewing a product.
1. Personal Information you give us when you use our Services or register for an account with us
Account Registration:
Identifying information such as your name, addresses, telephone numbers or email addresses when you register for an account with us.
Purchases:
Name, telephone number, email address, mailing address, billing and other information used to process an order and send you the items you purchased. If needed, information required to clear customs (such as Tax ID or other identification numbers) and relevant postage information (such as tracking numbers and tracking updates) may be collected as well.
Communicating with Us:
You may also provide us with additional information through a web form, by updating or adding information to your account, through your participation in blog posts, community discussions, and chats, or when you otherwise communicate with us regarding our Services.
Events:
You may provide us with your name and contact information when you register for an event on our website or in our store.
Authentication:
Additional information we are required or authorized by applicable national laws to collect and process in order to authenticate or identify you or to verify the information we have collected.
Used Item Sales:
When selling a used item to B&H, it is required that B&H collect a copy of a valid government issued ID.
B&H does not collect credit card or other financial information from you; that information is collected directly by our trusted third party payment processing partners. On occasion, for some international customers B&H will require bank account information.
If you give us Personal Information about someone else, including pictures of them, their name, their e-mail address, etc., on our social media Platforms, e-views and comments on our websites, you must do so only if you have that person's consent to provide us with that information. You should direct them to this policy so that they are informed about how we collect, use, disclose, and retain their Personal Information. Please see our website
user agreement
for how we may use and retain any content submitted to us.
2. Personal Information we collect automatically when you use our Services or register for an account with us
Advertising:
We collect information about your interaction with our Services, your advertising preferences and your communications with us. This is information we receive from devices (including mobile devices) you use when you access our Services. This information could include the following: Device ID or unique identifier, device type, ID for advertising and a unique device token.
Advertising Analytics:
Computer and connection information such as statistics on your page views, traffic to and from the sites, referral URL, ad data, your IP address, your browsing activity, history and your web log information.
3. Personal Information we collect using cookies and similar technologies
We use cookies, web beacons, unique identifiers and similar technologies to collect information about the pages you view, the links you click on and other actions you take when using our Services, within our advertising or email content.
For more information about our use of these technologies, and how to control them, see section on Cookies (Section I).
4. Personal Information we collect from third parties
Marketing:
On occasion we might collect Personal Information from third parties such as tradeshows or email lists to market our products and services to you. This information is usually limited to name, email address and, rarely, mailing addresses.
5. Linking to External Websites
B&H sites such as Explora can contain links to external sites and social media pages, including those of photographers, artists, and other contributors. B&H does not assume responsibility and is not liable for your data privacy on any external sites. Please consult the privacy policy of the site/s.
E. EEA Your personal data rights
Under the GDPR, residents and nationals of the EEA have the following data rights:
Right to be informed:
You have a right to know what Personal Information we collect from you, how we collect it and what we use it for. You will find that information in this policy.
Right to request access:
You have the right to request access to the Personal Information held about you, to obtain confirmation that it is being processed, and to obtain certain prescribed information about how we process it.
Right to object:
applies to the processing of your Personal Information where it is based on Legitimate Interests and where your data is processed for direct marketing or processed for the purposes of collating statistical information.
Right to restrict processing:
or 'block' the use of your Personal Information, for instance where you believe your Personal Information is not accurate (until the accuracy can be verified).
Right to Erasure:
The right to have your Personal Information erased, also known as the "right to be forgotten" 
	enables you to request the deletion or removal of Personal Information where there is no compelling reason for its continued use. Requests for erasure may be
	refused in some circumstances, such as where the Personal Information must be retained to comply with a legal obligation or to exercise or defend legal claims.
Right to rectification:
You have the right to request to have your Personal Information corrected if it is inaccurate and to have incomplete Personal Information completed in certain circumstances.
The right to data portability
allows you to obtain and reuse your Personal Information for your own purposes across
	different services; to move copy or transfer your Personal Information easily from one environment to another in a safe and secure way without hindrance to usability.
You may exercise your rights in relation to
automated decision making
in circumstances which have a legal effect or otherwise significantly affects you. This right allows individuals in certain circumstances to access certain safeguards 
    against the risk that a potentially damaging decision is taken solely without human intervention. In specific instances, you have the right to request human
	intervention and an explanation of the automated decision, and you may be able to challenge that decision.
If you are a resident or national of the European Economic Area (EEA) and would like to exercise your individual data subject access rights, 
please call toll free
800.947.9915
or email
privacy@bhphoto.com
.
To make a data-privacy related request, please call toll free
800.947.9915
or email
privacy@bhphoto.com
. You can also reach our Data Protection Officer at
dpo@bhphoto.com
for any other inquiries related to our handling of your personal information.
F. California Privacy Notice
California Personal Information Rights:
Under the California Consumer Protection Act, California residents have the following data rights:
Right to know about personal information collected, disclosed, or sold:
You have the right to request a list of the categories of your
   	personal information we have collected and used within the last 12 months. You are also entitled to receive a) information identifying all third-party
    companies to whom B&H may have disclosed, within the last 12 months, personal information pertaining to you and your family; and b) a description of the
    categories of personal information disclosed. You can also find a list of the categories of information we collect and disclose about you elsewhere in our
    privacy policy. To request a list of the information we collect about you, email
privacy@bhphoto.com
. 
    Once the request has been received, you may be asked to provide additional personal information for verification purposes, including your name, email address, telephone number, physical address and previous order history before your request can be accommodated. For requests involving specific pieces of information, 
    we may also require you to sign a declaration under penalty of perjury that you are the consumer whose personal information is the subject of the request.
Right to request deletion of personal information
: You have the right to request that we
  	delete any personal information we have collected about you provided we do not need to retain the information 
  	for legitimate business or legal reasons. To request that your information be deleted from our system, please email
privacy@bhphoto.com
with your request. Once the 
  	request has been received, you may be asked to provide additional identifying information for 
  	verification purposes, including your name, email address, telephone number, physical address and previous order history before your request can be accommodated.
Right to opt-out of the sale of personal information:
As a California resident, you have the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information by a business to a third party. 
  B&H does not sell customer information to third parties.
Right to non-discrimination for the exercise of your privacy rights
: B&H respects and values the privacy rights of our consumers, and we do not 
  	discriminate against customers who exercise their privacy rights under California law or any other law.
Authorized Agent:
As a California consumer, you have the right to have someone else make requests for you under the CCPA. For requests made by an authorized agent, we may require you to provide written proof of authorization and to verify your own identity directly with us (as described above).
For more general information on our privacy policies and business practices, please see the rest of our privacy policy or email
legal@bhphoto.com
.
How to Make a Request:
To make a data privacy related request, please call toll free
800.947.9915
or email
privacy@bhphoto.com
. Once the request has been received, you may be asked to provide additional personal information for verification purposes before your request can be accommodated, including a combination of two or more of the following: email address, telephone number, billing address, previous purchase history and order information.  If you would like an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf, in addition to the information above, we will need written authorization from you identifying the authorized agent by name and email address and directing us to respond to the request the authorized agent is making on your behalf.
The "Legal Categories" of Personal Information We Collect About You:
California law requires us to tell you about the Personal Information we collect about you in a certain way - specifically, we need to tie it back to the "legal categories" of Personal Information that are listed in the law.  To do this, we bundled up the information we gave you in Section D of this policy and matched the different types of Personal Information we collect about you with the legal category.  To make things easier to understand, we've put this information in a
California Privacy Chart
at the end of this California Privacy Notice section.
Sharing Your Personal Information
This section will tell you about how we share your Personal Information with others.  First, we will tell you how we use and share your Personal Information for marketing purposes.  Then, you'll learn about how we share your information for business purposes.  We use the
California Privacy Chart
at the end of this California Privacy Notice section to match the "legal categories" of Personal Information with what we share, why we share it, and who we share it with.
Marketing.
Once you've made a purchase with us or registered for an account with us, we may use your name, email address, mailing address, and purchase history to contact you with information, special offers, or new products that we think you might be interested in.  We might also collect this Personal Information from third parties such as tradeshows or email lists to market our products and services to you. This information is usually limited to name, email address and, rarely, mailing addresses.  We may share this Personal Information with our Partners to provide you with special offers related to B&H.
Sharing for Business Purposes.
Except for marketing, we only share your information for our business purposes.  In other words, we only share your information to operate our business and for the purposes we've described in this privacy policy.  The list below tells you when we share your Personal Information for a business purpose and who we share it with.
Service Providers
: Other companies sometimes provide services to us or on our behalf.  For example, we may use other companies for IT support, order fulfillment, warranties, shipping and tracking, technology solutions, maintaining our website, fraud prevention, verification, and government policy compliance.
Third Parties with Whom You Ask Us to Share Your Personal Information
: If you ask us to share your Personal Information with a third party, we will only share the information that is needed to complete your request.  This can apply to any request you make, like warranty claims, store credit cards, manufacturers or suppliers, and other requests you might make.
Compliance with Legal Obligations
: We may need to disclose certain information to auditors, government authorities, law enforcement, regulatory agencies, our legal counsel, third-party litigants and their counsel, or other authorized individuals to comply with laws that apply to us, subpoenas, discovery requests, or other legal obligations such as contractual requirements.  This can include things like customs and used item sales.
Changes in Business Structure or Ownership
: We may disclose or transfer your Personal Information to a third party in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, acquisition, joint venture, assignment, transfer, or other disposition of all or any portion of B&H's business, assets, or ownership interest (including through bankruptcy or similar proceedings).
B&H does not sell consumers' Personal Information to anyone.  The law also requires us to explicitly tell you that we do not sell the Personal Information of minors under 16 years old.
California Privacy Chart:
Legal Category*
Types of Information Collected
Purpose for Collection and Use
Sharing for Business Purposes+
A. Identifiers.
Real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, driver's license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers.
Account Registration
Purchases
Communicating with Us
Events
Authentication
Used Item Sales
Advertising
Advertising Analytics
Marketing
Service Providers
Third Parties
Compliance with Legal Obligations
Changes in Business Structure/Ownership
B. Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
Name, signature, address, telephone number, passport number, driver's license or state identification card number, bank account number, or any other financial information.
Some personal information in this category may overlap with other categories.
Account Registration
Purchases
Communicating with Us
Events
Authentication
Used Item Sales
Advertising
Advertising Analytics
Marketing
Service Providers
Third Parties
Compliance with Legal Obligations
Changes in Business Structure/Ownership
C. Commercial information
Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Advertising
Advertising Analytics
Marketing
Service Providers
Third Parties
Compliance with Legal Obligations
Changes in Business Structure/Ownership
D. Internet or other similar network activity.
Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer's interaction with a website, application, or advertisement.
Advertising
Advertising Analytics
Marketing
Service Providers
Third Parties
Compliance with Legal Obligations
Changes in Business Structure/Ownership
E. Geolocation data.
Physical location or movements.
Advertising
Advertising Analytics
Marketing
Service Providers
Third Parties
Compliance with Legal Obligations
Changes in Business Structure/Ownership
F. Inferences drawn from other personal information.
Profile reflecting a person's preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
Advertising
Advertising Analytics
Marketing
Service Providers
Third Parties
Compliance with Legal Obligations
Changes in Business Structure/Ownership
* We may also collect your information to comply with laws or regulations or with legal requests that don't fit into one of the categories we've described for you.
†
We share the following categories of information about you for business purposes:
Identifiers
California Customer Records Categories
Commercial Information
Internet and Network Activity
Geolocation Data
Inferences and Profiling
G. Legal basis for collecting and processing data
As part of our GDPR compliance program, we would like to inform our customers of the legal reasons for which we collect your Personal and Sensitive information. We collect and process your Personal Information for a range of different business and legal purposes. The following are details of how and according to which Legal Basis we use your Personal Information.
1. Processing necessary to fulfill a sales order/contract and provision of services
We use your Personal Information to fulfill sales and provide you with our Services. This includes the following:
To manage your registration as a user on the B&H Platform. This helps us identify you as a Platform user, and offers you access to different functionalities and a better experience.
To complete business transactions and fulfill orders (online or in our store), including providing your Personal Information to our partners for shipping and tracking requirements.
To process payments. We do not store or capture any credit card information. This information is collected directly by our payment processing partners. Since this information is collected from our site and from you, our customer, we would like to inform you about its collection.
To provide you with the best quality of customer service via our chat, email and phone lines.
To provide you with services related to the warranty of your purchase, usually provided through our warranty partners or sometimes directly from the manufacturer of your purchased product.
To provide you with important information about your purchased product including any updates or other manufacturer notices.
To ask you to review your purchase, your experience on our Platform and review us as a company.
To update, confirm and inform you about events you may have registered for, held in our stores, event spaces or virtually on our websites.
To detect, prevent, mitigate and investigate fraud or other criminal or potentially prohibited activities.
2. Processing necessary for us to comply with our legal obligations:
We may use your Personal Information to comply with our local laws and regulations, including:
To comply with all relevant tax and financial reporting requirements and regulations.
To comply with all legal proceedings.
To deal with requests from you to exercise your Data Subject access rights.
To process information regarding a crime or offence and support associated proceedings.
To monitor activities and safeguard your welfare on our Platform and premises.
To protect you, ourselves and our employees through appropriate legal action against third parties who have committed a criminal act or are in breach of their legal obligations.
3. Processing based on our Legitimate Interests:
We may use your Personal Information to pursue our Legitimate Interests where your rights and freedoms do not outweigh those interests. We have implemented controls to balance our interests with your rights. Our use of your Personal Information for our Legitimate Interest includes:
Improving our services; for example, reviewing information associated with nonfunctioning pages or links, so that we can fix them and give you a frustration free experience on our Platform.
Personalizing, measuring and improving our advertising based on your activities on our Platform.
Contacting you via email, push notifications on your browser and mobile app, and by SMS/text message to offer you information about your purchased products, our products, sales, offers and services.
Measuring the performance of our marketing campaigns; for example, analyzing the open and click rates of an email campaign.
To serve you better, we may combine the information you provide to us online, in our superstore and through our catalogs to improve your overall shopping experience; for example, analyzing browsing behavior to create a better navigation menu so that you need less clicks to get to your product of choice.
To improve the content on our website; for example, we may use cookies to find out which parts of our site or our products are visited most often.
Contacting you by email, telephone or SMS, or other equivalent forms of electronic communication, such as push notifications etc., regarding updates or informative communications related to the functionalities, products or contracted services, including Platform security updates, when necessary or reasonable for their implementation.
To respond to your posts and comments and provide customer service on our Platform and other social media platforms, including, but not limited to, Twitter, Facebook, and Instagram.
Providing customer service to you via chat and email.
Measuring the performance of our customer service associates.
Verifying product and customer experience reviews left on the B&H website to provide a truthful assessment of our services and merchandise.
For the internal management and audit of business operations and financials.
We use CCTV monitoring in our physical locations including our Superstore to prevent criminal activity and protect you, our customer.
Direct marketing, in which communication (by whatever means) of any advertising or marketing material is directed to individuals.
Where reasonably appropriate for the purposes of ensuring network and information security, i.e. the ability of a network or an information system to prevent accidental events or unlawful actions that compromise the confidentiality, integrity and availability of stored or transmitted personal data.
4. Processing based on Consent
With your consent, we may use your Personal Information to:
Provide you with marketing via email, SMS/Text message and push notifications on your browser and through our mobile application.
Provide you with targeted advertisements from other parties while you are experiencing our Platform.
Provide you with targeted advertisements on third party websites, including our advertisements and those of third parties.
Send you printed mailings.
Allow select partners to profile your activities on our Platform so that you can have a better experience on our, their and other third party websites.
Host educational, demonstrations and other events in our event spaces, store and online on our website.
Our partners may use automated profiling technologies for the purpose of serving you more relevant ads and improving your browsing experience.
H. How and when you can withdraw consent
Data Subjects who are residents and nationals of EEA region are covered by GDPR, and can withdraw consent from B&H at any time.
1. Email Marketing
For email marketing and communications, please visit our
Email preferences page
in your profile which can be accessed from the 'My Account' menu on the top of any page on our Platform. You can also unsubscribe using the links at the bottom of any of our emails to you.
2. Advertising
At this time only customers accessing our Platform from EEA regions can withdraw consent.
If you do not wish to participate in our advertising personalization programs, you can opt out by unchecking the appropriate cookies on our
Cookie preferences page
. We do not allow third parties to track or collect your Personal Information on our sites for their own advertising purposes without your consent.
Please note that you can disable all cookies from your browser settings. However, our websites require cookies to function and disabling all cookies will limit functionality of the site, including actions like adding products to a cart, etc.
3. Push Notifications
You can configure settings for Push Notifications in your web browser settings for the websites and on the application settings for the mobile app.
You can also
contact us
should you have a question or need more information.
I. B&H cookies
When you visit our Platform, we or our authorized service providers may use cookies, web beacons, and other similar technologies for storing information to help provide you with a better, faster, and safer experience for advertising purposes.
1. What is a Cookie
A Cookie is a small text file that a website stores on your PC, telephone or any other device, with information
	  	about your navigation on that website. Cookies are necessary to facilitate browsing and to make it more user-friendly. They do not damage your
	  	computer and are never used to store your sensitive Personal Information.
The purpose of using cookies is to improve your web browsing experience, enhance site security, and for marketing
		and promotional purposes. Cookies allow us to remember your preferences (like preferred language and country), estimate patterns of use, and provide improved
		search results. We also collect certain technical information from your computer, like your IP address and the address of a referring web site, if any.
		This information will allow us to enhance our site to match your preferences. This information is used only for the benefit of B&H, our authorized
		Partners and you, our customer.
You can visit our site without cookies if you choose to do so. However, please be aware that some features of
		the site may not function properly or may be slower if you refuse cookies. To visit our site without cookies, you can configure your web browser settings.
		Please check the browser's help menu to learn how to change your cookie preferences.
2. Types of Cookies on our Platform
There are several types of cookies that we may use on our site. These are constantly changing while we monitor and upgrade our site.
First Party Cookies:
These Cookies are set exclusively by us. We use both session and persistent Cookies.
Third Party Cookies:
These Cookies are set by our service providers at our request while on our Platform. They may be Session or Persistent cookies. These are cookies that sit out on 
	 			our Platform and are managed by third parties at our request, to provide services and improve the customer browsing experience. They may also be
			used to detect and prevent fraudulent activity. These cookies collect data about your activities while on our Platform and may be used to enhance the
			setting party's datasets. They can be used to serve advertising to you on our Platform and other websites.
We do not permit any third-party content on our Platform with the exception of our authorized
			service providers. If you have a concern about our, or our authorized third-party service providers Personal Information collection, please
contact us
.
3. Purposes for our Cookies:
We use cookies for the following purposes:
Essential Website Operations:
these technologies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available on our Platform and to use its features, such as adding products to a cart, 
					form submissions, video playback, etc. Turning these off would result in limited functionality being available on our Platform.
Performance and Functionality:
these technologies are used to enhance the functionality of our Platform but are not critical to their use. We recommend you use them, since that would give 
					you the best experience of our Platform.
Analytics:
these Cookies collect information that is used in aggregate form to help us understand how our
					websites are being used and to help us improve our Platform and provide you with a better experience.
Advertising:
these are technologies which help us make advertising messages more relevant to you. They collect behavioral information about your activities on our Platform 
					and perform functions like preventing the same ad from continuously appearing, ensuring ads are properly displayed and, in some cases, relevant to your interests. 
					These cookies may be used to serve ads for our products or products of third parties on our, or third party websites.
4. Managing your Cookie consent and preferences
At this time only customers accessing our Platform from EEA regions can update their cookie preferences
You have the ability to opt out of the use of our Cookies. Please visit our
Cookie
			Preferences Page
where you can manage your preferences for the types of Cookies listed above.
Should you wish to turn off all Cookies, you may do so in your browser's settings.
J. Relationships and Sharing Information
B&H maintains special relationships with a select number of authorized business partners. For your security or benefit, we may share information about you and your transactions with other companies for many reasons, including verification, fraud prevention, government policy compliance, order fulfilment and warranty purposes. We also may be required to disclose an individual's Personal Information in response to a lawful request by public authorities, including meeting national security or law enforcement requirements.
With your consent, B&H shares your information with our marketing partners who serve advertising, send emails and push notifications, and distribute catalogs on our behalf.
For more information about the companies with whom B&H shares customer information, please
contact us
using the details at the top of this policy.
K. How We Protect Your Information
We implement and maintain appropriate technical, and administrative security measures designed to safeguard your Personal Information against unauthorized access, destruction, loss, alteration, or misuse. We evaluate and update these measures on an ongoing basis and ensure reasonable security measures are deployed consistent with industry standards. However, no Personal Information system can be 100% secure, so we cannot guarantee the absolute security of your Personal Information.
We retain your Personal Information for as long as we have a relationship with you or for as long as legally required. When deciding how long to keep your Personal Information after our relationship with you has ended, we consider our legal and regulatory obligations and internal Personal Information management policies. For example, we may retain records to investigate or defend against potential legal claims or where required by law. Where we retain data, we do so in accordance with any limitation periods and records retention obligations that are imposed by applicable law.
Our employees are trained to understand and comply with these security measures and we communicate our Privacy Notice, practices and guidelines to our employees.
L. International Transfers of Information
While B&H has global reach offering products through our website, we do not transfer or store Personal Information across geographical borders, unless it is requested by you, required for the fulfillment of a sale, the provision of services, or requested by a governing authority.
M. The Data Privacy Frameworks
B&H complies with the EU-US Data Privacy (DPF) Framework, the UK Extension to the EU-US DPF and the Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework as set forth by the US Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from European Union member countries, the United Kingdom and Switzerland to the United States in reliance on the DPF. B&H has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Data Privacy Framework Principles with respect to such data. If there is any conflict between the policies in this privacy policy and data subject rights under the Data Privacy Framework Principles, the DPF Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework Program, and to view our certification page, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/
.
With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Data Privacy Framework, B&H is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission.
Pursuant to the Data Privacy Frameworks, EU and Swiss individuals have the right to obtain our confirmation of whether we maintain personal information relating to you in the United States. Upon request, we will provide you with access to the personal information that we hold about you. You may also correct, amend, or delete the personal information we hold about you. An individual who seeks access to, or who seeks to correct, amend, or delete inaccurate data transferred to the United States under the DPF, should direct their query
here
. If requested to remove data, we will respond within a reasonable timeframe.
We will also provide an individual opt-out or opt-in choice before we share your data with third parties other than our agents, or before we use it for a purpose other than for which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized. To request to limit the use and disclosure of your personal information, please submit a written request
here
.
B&H's accountability for personal data that it receives in the United States under the Data Privacy Framework and subsequently transfers to a third party is described in the Privacy Shield Principles. In particular, B&H remains responsible and liable under the DPF Principles if third-party agents that it engages to process the personal data on its behalf do so in a manner inconsistent with the Principles, unless B&H proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
In compliance with the Data Privacy Principles, B&H commits to resolving complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information transferred to the United States pursuant to the Data Privacy Frameworks. European Union, United Kingdom, and Swiss individuals with Privacy Shield inquiries or complaints should first contact B&H at:
Legal Department
B & H Foto & Electronics Corp.
440 Ninth Avenue
New York, New York 10001
Phone: 212-239-7500
Email:
compliance@bhphoto.com
Web:
www.bhphotovideo.com
B&H has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the Data Privacy Framework Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism, Data Privacy Framework Services, operated by BBB National Programs. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, please visit
https://bbbprograms.org/programs/all-programs/dpf-consumers/ProcessForConsumers
for more information and to file a complaint. This service is provided free of charge to you.
If your Data Privacy Framework complaint cannot be resolved through the above channels, under certain conditions, you may invoke binding arbitration for some residual claims not resolved by other redress mechanisms. See
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/article/G-Arbitration-Procedures-dpf?tabset-35584=2
.
User Agreement & Disclaimer / Terms of Use
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS SITE.
Access to and use of this site are subject to the following terms and conditions and all applicable laws. Please review these terms and conditions on a periodic basis, as they are subject to modification, alteration, or update at any time and at the sole discretion of B&H. If you do not agree to any term or condition, you should not use this site.
I. COPYRIGHT NOTICE:
This World Wide Web site and all of its content, including but not limited to the text and images used herein and their arrangement, is copyright ©1997 - 2025 B&H Foto and Electronics Corp.
II. TRADEMARKS NOTICE:
B&HPhoto-Video.com, B&H, B&H Photo-Video, B&H Photo-Video Pro-Audio, The Professional's Source and all other B&H names, businesses, and products referenced herein are trademarks or registered trademarks. All other products and company names referenced herein, if any, may be the trademarks of their respective owners. B&H does not authorize the use of any trade name, trademark, registered trademark, logo, or any copyrighted material referenced herein for any purpose whatsoever, including non-commercial applications.
III. RESTRICTIONS ON USE:
In consideration of being allowed to use the website, you agree that the following actions shall constitute a material breach:
Collecting information about the website or users of the website without our written consent;
Modifying, framing, rendering (or re-rendering), mirroring, truncating, injecting, filtering or changing any content or information contained in the website without our written consent.
Using any deep-link, page-scrape, robot, crawl, index, spider, click spam, macro programs, Internet agent, or other automatic device, program, algorithm or methodology which does the same things, to use, access, copy, acquire information, generate impressions or clicks, input information, store information, search, generate searches, or monitor the website or any portion thereof;
Accessing or using the site for competitive purposes or for commercial purposes other than the transaction of business with B&H.
Disguising the origin of information transmitted to, from, or through the website.
Impersonating another person;
Distributing viruses or other harmful computer code;
Allowing any other person or entity to impersonate you to access or use the website;
Using the website for any purpose in violation of local, state, national or international laws
Using the website in a way that is intended to harm, or a reasonable person would understand would likely result in harm, to the user or others
Circumventing any measures implemented by us aimed at preventing violations of the Terms of Use.
IV. THIRD PARTY SITES:
B&H may from time to time provide links and pointers to internet sites maintained by third parties ("third party sites") and it may from time to time provide materials from third parties on this website. These third party sites and any third party materials are provided for your convenience only. B&H does not operate or control in any respect any information, products or services available on these third party sites and B&H is not responsible for their content. B&H makes no representations whatsoever concerning the content of these sites and the fact that B&H has provided a link to such sites is NOT an endorsement, authorization, sponsorship, or affiliation by B&H with respect to such sites, its services, the products displayed, its owners, or its providers. You access these sites at your own risk.For more details on data privacy and how your personal information might be collected, stored and used by B&H, please see our
Data Privacy Policy
.
V. DISCLAIMER:
There are certain risks in using any information, software, or products found on the internet; B&H cautions you to make certain that you completely understand these risks before retrieving, using, relying upon, or purchasing anything via the internet.
Visitors to this website assume all responsibility and risk for the use of this website. Information published on this website is provided without charge as a convenience to visitors, to be used for informational purposes only. NOTHING IN THIS WEB SITE CONSTITUTES A RECOMMENDATION OR ENDORSEMENT OF ANY ITEM, PRODUCT OR BRAND.
ALTHOUGH REASONABLE CARE HAS BEEN TAKEN WITH REGARD TO THIS SITE'S CONTENT, B&H DOES NOT WARRANT OR REPRESENT THAT THIS SITE'S CONTENT IS ACCURATE, COMPLETE, OR UP TO DATE, NOR DOES IT WARRANT OR REPRESENT THAT ACCESS TO AND USE OF THIS SITE OR THE SERVER WHICH MAKES IT AVAILABLE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, ERROR-FREE, AND FREE OF COMPUTER VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. THE CONTENT OF THIS SITE MAY INCLUDE TECHNICAL INACCURACIES OR TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS FOR WHICH B&H ASSUMES NO RESPONSIBILITY.
ALL OF THE MATERIALS PROVIDED HEREIN, INCLUDING ALL OF THE MATERIALS AVAILABLE ON THIRD PARTY SITES, ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS AND WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE PURSUANT TO APPLICABLE LAW, B&H DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
VI. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY:
B&H is not responsible for any infections, contaminations, delay in operation or transmission, line failure, errors, omissions, interruptions, or defects arising out of your use of this site or with respect to the material provided and/or contained on this site.
In no event shall B&H be liable for any special, direct, indirect, incidental, or consequential damages, or any other damages of any kind, resulting from whatever cause, including but not limited to loss of use, loss profits, or loss of data, whether in an action under theories of contract, negligence, strict liability, or otherwise, arising out of or in any way in connection with the use of or inability to use the information or materials on, or accessed through, the B&H Web Site.
Notwithstanding the above, in no event shall B&H's total liability to you for any and all claims, damages, losses and causes of action exceed the amounts paid to B&H by you in connection with the transaction claimed by you to give rise to your claim.
VII. COMMUNICATIONS AND SUBMISSIONS:
By transmitting or posting any submissions to B&H or to this website you grant B&H and its affiliates a non-exclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable and fully sublicensable right to use the content of such submissions for any purpose, including, but not limited to, the rights to reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute and display such content throughout the world in any media. You also grant B&H and its affiliates and sublicensees the right, at their sole discretion without obligation to do so, to use the name that you submit in connection with such content. You further agree that the license granted herein includes all of the rights to use or authorize the use of any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques contained in such submissions for any purpose whatsoever, including, but not limited to, developing, manufacturing and marketing products or services incorporating such information.
You represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to the content of your submissions; that the content is accurate; that use of the content you supply does not violate any terms of this User Agreement and will not cause injury to any person or entity; and that you will indemnify B&H or its affiliates for all claims resulting from content you supply. You agree that neither B&H nor its licensees will be liable to you for any use of any submission. B&H has the right but not the obligation to monitor and edit or remove any activity or content.
You acknowledge and agree that you are solely responsible for any submissions you submit to B&H or this website and further agree that you, not B&H, have full responsibility for the content of any such submissions, including their legality, reliability and appropriateness.
VIII. JURISDICTION AND CHOICE-OF-LAW:
B&H operates this website from its offices located in New York, New York, in the United States of America. B&H makes no representations that the materials in this site are appropriate or available for use in other locations. Those who choose to access this website from other locations do so at their own risk and are responsible for compliance with any and all local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable.
This agreement, and any dispute, which arises from and out of this website, shall be construed with the laws of the state of New York. Any legal action regarding this agreement or this website shall be brought only in either the state or federal courts located within the city of New York, New York and by using this site you consent to personal jurisdiction within these courts.
IX. INQUIRIES:
If you have any questions regarding any portion of this Agreement, or if you wish to inquire, regarding rights of use not explicitly granted herein, please direct questions via email to
websupport@bandh.com
.
X. TERMINATION:
B&H or you may terminate this Agreement at any time. You may terminate this Agreement by destroying all materials obtained from this website. B&H may terminate this Agreement immediately without notice if, in its sole judgment, you breach any term or condition of this Agreement. Upon termination, you must destroy all materials obtained from this website.
XI. INTEGRATION:
This agreement constitutes the entire Agreement between you and B&H and supersedes any prior oral or written arguments, understandings, or other communications between parties. This Agreement may not be modified except in writing signed by both you and an authorized signatory of B&H.
XII. International Shipping:
Some manufacturers including Sony and Yamaha restrict us from selling some of their products outside the United States.
XIII. OTHER:
The headings in this agreement are for reference purposes only and have no legal effect. If any portion of this agreement is void or unenforceable in whole or in part, the remaining provisions of this agreement shall remain in effect.
One or more patents may apply to this web site, including without limitation: U.S. Patent Nos. 5,528,490; 5,761,649; and 6,029,142.
XIV. EXPORT DISCLAIMER:
Items we sell are subject to U.S.A. export control laws and regulations, including the Export Administration Regulations and the International Traffic in Arms Regulations, and may require a license or other authorization from the U.S. government to be exported from the United States. Without limitation, parties purchasing from B&H are solely responsible for determining applicable export licensing requirements and for obtaining any licenses or other authorizations from the appropriate agencies of the U.S. government that are necessary for exporting items from the United States, such as the U.S. Department of Commerce or the U.S. Department of State.
XVI. Mobile Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions:
The short code 22634 is used by B&H Photo to promote News Alerts. You may opt in by submitting the keyword "BHphoto" to 22634. We send four messages/month; standard message & data rates may apply. For additional information, text "HELP" to short code 22634. You may opt out at any time by sending STOP to short code 22634. Contact us at
cs@bhphotovideo.com
. Supported carriers are AT&T, U.S. Cellular, Verizon Wireless, Sprint, Cricket, Boost and T-Mobile.
Privacy Policy:
Please find our privacy policy
here
Version History:
Version 1.0 Initial Agreement date: May 25, 2018
Product Reviews / Q&A
B&H Ratings & Reviews
B&H has millions of reviews from thousands of community members, including creators, professionals, hobbyists, and everyone in between. Our reviews are monitored to ensure a safe and honest shopping experience.
Badges
These are the badges you will see throughout our site:
Verified Buyer:
Verified Buyer
We have verified that the reviewer purchased this item from B&H or the brand's website.
B&H Community Member:
Community Member
B&H Community Members are valued contributors who entered our
sweepstakes
when sharing this review.
Syndicated Review:
Written by a customer visiting [brand logo]
This review is reposted in its original state from a brand's website.
Product Tester:
Product Tester
Product Testers receive free or discounted products or a sweepstakes entry in exchange for their reviews.
Product Specifications:
Color:
|
Style:
These badges display specifications for the specific product reviewed.
Sorting & Filtering
To help you find the information relevant to you, you can:
Sort reviews by recency, helpfulness and star rating
Filter reviews by Verified Buyer and star rating
Search reviews using keywords
Review Guidelines
To ensure your review is posted on our site, please adhere to the following guidelines:
Star rating, review headline and review text are required fields.
Minimum character limit for review text is five (5) characters.
Maximum character limit for review text is three thousand (3000) characters.
You can upload up to six images (png, gif, jpeg, HEIC or TIFF) with a maximum size of 10MB each.
Focus on the product and your experience with it, both the good and the bad.
Refrain from using inappropriate language.
If you received compensation of any kind in exchange for writing a review, including free or discounted products or services, your review will not be posted to our site.
For issues related to shipping, customer service, availability, pricing, missing items or other concerns, please contact us immediately
here
.
All reviews are subject to our
Terms of Use
as outlined below.
How to Submit a Review
Log in
to your B&H account or
create an account
.
Go to
My Orders
or any product you want to review.
Within the My Orders page, click on See Order Details for the order with the product you want to review. Next to each eligible product there will be a Write a Review button.
On any product page, click the Reviews tab to be taken to the Reviews section. On the right-hand side, there is a Write a Review button.
Click the Write a Review button to begin your review. Select a star rating, enter a review headline, write your review and upload up to six images.
After populating all fields, check to make sure your review is how you want it. Reviews cannot be edited after you click submit.
Click Submit to finish your review.
Your review will be moderated and, if approved, posted to our site within a few days.
View past winners
B&H Ratings & Reviews Authenticity Policy
We know that Ratings & Reviews are a vital part of your shopping experience and we strive to provide honest and authentic information for our customers. You can rest assured that B&H works diligently to ensure reviews are authentic and monitored for fraudulent activity.
We employ a third-party partner to moderate all reviews that are submitted to our site. This third party ensures the following:
Ratings & Reviews are monitored for suspicious activity
Ratings & Reviews are not removed because of a low rating or negative review
High ratings or positive reviews are not requested or paid for by B&H
Brand representatives, vendors and others affiliated with the product or brand may not submit Ratings & Reviews
To learn more about our review partner's authenticity policy, please
click here
.
Questions & Answers
Ask a question on a product you are interested in and get helpful answers from our trusted community. Below are the various types of answers you will see on our site. Any answer without a badge is provided by fellow B&H customers.
Staff
This answer was provided by a member of the B&H Staff.
Representative
Written by a brand representative [brand logo]
This answer was provided by a brand representative.
B&H Ratings & Reviews and Questions & Answers Terms of Use
These Terms of Use, in addition to the B&H User Agreement and Disclaimer ("User Agreement") and the B&H Privacy & Security Policies ("Privacy Policy"), govern your conduct associated with the Ratings & Reviews and Questions & Answers service (the "CGC Service") offered by B & H Foto & Electronics Corp. ("B&H Photo Video"). To the extent of any conflict between the User Agreement and Privacy Policy and these Terms of Use, these Terms of Use shall control.
By submitting any content to B&H Photo Video, you guarantee that:
You are the sole author and owner of the intellectual property rights in the content;
All "moral rights" that you may have in such content have been voluntarily waived by you;
All content that you post is accurate;
You are at least 13 years old;
Use of the content you supply does not violate these Terms of Use and will not cause injury to any person or entity.
You further agree that you may not submit any content:
That is known by you to be false, inaccurate or misleading;
That infringes any third party’s copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret or other proprietary rights or rights of publicity or privacy;
That violates any law, statute, ordinance or regulation (including, but not limited to, those governing consumer protection, unfair competition, anti-discrimination or false advertising);
That is, or may reasonably be considered to be, defamatory, libelous, hateful, racially or religiously biased or offensive, unlawfully threatening or unlawfully harassing to any individual, partnership or corporation;
For which you were compensated or granted any consideration by any third party;
That includes any information that references other websites, addresses, email addresses, contact information or phone numbers;
That contains any computer viruses, worms or other potentially damaging computer programs or files.
You agree to indemnify and hold B&H Photo Video (and its officers, directors, agents, subsidiaries, joint ventures, employees and third-party service providers, including but not limited to Bazaarvoice, Inc.), harmless from all claims, demands and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of a breach of your representations and warranties set forth above, or your violation of any law or the rights of a third party.
For any content that you submit, you grant B&H Photo Video a perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, transferable right and license to use, copy, modify, delete in its entirety, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from and/or sell and/or distribute such content and/or incorporate such content into any form, medium or technology throughout the world without compensation to you.
All content that you submit may be used at B&H Photo Video's sole discretion. B&H Photo Video reserves the right to change, condense, withhold publication, remove or delete any content on B&H Photo Video's website that B&H Photo Video deems, in its sole discretion, to violate the content guidelines or any other provision of these Terms of Use. B&H Photo Video does not guarantee that you will have any recourse through B&H Photo Video to edit or delete any content you have submitted. Reviews and written comments are generally posted within two to four business days. However, B&H Photo Video reserves the right to remove or to refuse to post any submission to the extent authorized by law. You acknowledge that you, not B&H Photo Video, are responsible for the contents of your submission. None of the content that you submit shall be subject to any obligation of confidence on the part of B&H Photo Video, its agents, subsidiaries, affiliates, partners or third-party service providers and their respective directors, officers and employees.
CUSTOMER SERVICE
800.221.5743
SALES & EXPERT ADVICE
800.606.6969
Live Chat
Email Us
We use cookies to improve your web browsing experience, enhance site security, and for marketing and promotional purposes. Cookies allow us to do things like remember your preferences and provide improved search results. For more information visit our web privacy policy
here
.
Manage Cookie Preferences
Accept All Cookies
Cookies are small data files that allow a website to collect and store data on your desktop computer, laptop or mobile device.
Cookies help us to provide important features and functionality on our websites and mobile apps. We use them to improve your customer experience.
Essential Technologies
These technologies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our websites and to use some of its features, such as form submissions, media playback. To disable all cookies please use your browsers settings.
Analytics
These technologies collect information that is used in aggregate form to help us understand how our websites are being used or to help us continuously improve our website.
Advertising
These technologies help us make advertising messages more relevant to you. They perform functions like preventing the same ad from continuously reappearing, ensuring that ads are properly displayed, and in some cases, selecting advertisements that are based on your interests.
Social Media
These technologies are used to enable you to share pages and content that you find interesting on our websites through third party social networking and other websites.
Performance and Functionality
These technologies are used to enhance the performance and functionality of our websites but are non-essential to their use. However, without these cookies, please be aware that some features of our sites may not function properly or may slow down.
Cancel
Save