Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Notice
Theatre Development Company (“TDF”) takes your personal privacy interests seriously.  This Privacy Notice explains how TDF collects, uses, shares and otherwise processes personally identifiable information obtained through our web site, social media pages and other sources.  We recognize that information privacy is an ongoing responsibility, and may, from time to time, update this Privacy Notice.  Please visit this page periodically to remain up to date on the information we gather and how we use that information.
Privacy Policy
Share:
How we collect information
The phrases “personally identifiable information” or “personal information” include any information by which you can be identified, such as your name, address, telephone number and billing information. You can visit many of our web pages without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself. While you are logged into your TDF account to purchase tickets or use other online services, you are not anonymous.
If we do collect personal information, we typically use it for the purpose of enabling us to contact you directly (for sending an email or newsletter) or to provide you with services. We may receive information about you in the following ways:
When you register on our website or sign up for TDF newsletters and other publications
When you buy tickets or sign up for events on the tdf.org website, through our call center, box offices or through third-party sellers
When you make a contribution
When you provide contact information at TDF sponsored events
When you enter into a TDF sponsored contest or promotion, or respond to an online survey
Occasionally we may obtain lists from other arts and cultural institutions of people who have allowed their data to be shared with similar organizations
Like most websites, our site uses cookies. A cookie is a small data file sent to your browser and stored on your computer. Cookies are used on our site to facilitate the ordering process and aid in analysis of site usage and can be used by other websites to present advertising which may be of interest to you based on your behavior on our site.
We may also use action tags (also known as "web beacons" or "single-pixel gifs"). When you access pages with action tags, a generic notice of that page visit is generated. This may be used to allow third parties to set cookies in order to present advertising on other sites based on your behavior on our site.
We do not use cookies or action tags to collect or transfer personal information. If you have concerns about the use of these methods you should adjust your browser settings to restrict or block cookies. Note that blocking all cookies will prevent proper operation of many websites, and will mean that you cannot use all the features of TDF’s site.
TDF also uses "Remarketing" and other features of Google Analytics Advertising. These features do not use personally identifiable information, but do collect information about your computer. This allows us to analyze data about visits to our site, and is another tool used by other websites to present advertising which may be of interest to you based on your behavior on our site. If you do not wish to participate, you can use Google's opt out link:
https://adssettings.google.com/
or Google’s browser plug-in:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/
. You may also be interested in the National Advertising Institute's opt out tool:
http://optout.networkadvertising.org/#!/
.
The types of personal information we collect
Depending on how information was collected and what you choose to share with us, information we may store includes:
Name and contact details including postal address, email, phone numbers and links to social media accounts
Other information you provide to us such as gender, date of birth, race, ethnicity, relationships, employment, interests, hobbies, or educational details
Transaction history, including credit card information as required
Details of visits to our website including referral source, length of visit, pageviews, browser usage, and location data
History of the emails we send you and your responses to them so that we may better tailor our communications with you
Any other information you may provide to us (e.g., if you contact us by letter, telephone, email or any other means of electronic or personal communication).
How we use your information
TDF uses the information you provide to us in order to provide you with products and services, such as ticket purchases and newsletter subscriptions. TDF also uses personal information collected to communicate with you by email, text, phone or mail, and to enable you to participate in special promotions. In addition, we may perform (or have third parties perform) analyses of visitors’ behavior.
TDF will not sell your contact information to anyone. Occasionally we exchange or rent direct mail lists with other non-profit arts and cultural institutions so that our patrons can see a diverse set of experiences – these lists are used for mail only. TDF may send your contact information to other companies when:
We need to share your information to provide the product or service you have requested
We need to send the information to companies who work on behalf of TDF to provide a product or service to you.
These companies provide services to us such as processing our email or executing telephone outreach, providing marketing services, providing hosting for streaming media content and the back-up of our data. Unless we tell you otherwise, these companies do not have any right to use the information we provide to them beyond what is necessary to assist us in providing our service to you. Some providers, including SquareSpace, Wordfly and Stripe, have their own policies. TDF is not liable for misuse of personal information by any such third party service providers.
We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a court order or judicial process served on us.
TDF may also track domain names, IP addresses, browser types, resolution, etc. from people who visit our site. We use this information to track aggregate traffic patterns throughout the Site. Such information is not correlated with any personal information.
Donor information
TDF values and respects its donors’ right to privacy whether you donate through our website, by phone, mail campaign or any other means. We utilize donors’ personal information such as names, mailing addresses and email addresses only for purposes of donor engagement or acknowledgement and/or when we have your consent to share the information, consistent with this Privacy Notice. TDF does not sell, rent, trade or share its donor list with any other organization and TDF does not send out mailings on behalf of other organizations.
Location of our data
TDF is located in the United States. You should know that any information you provide us will be processed in the United States and in accordance with U.S. privacy laws.
Your rights
TDF respects your rights to control use of your personal information. You may indicate your preferences for contact through your account on our website, by responding to unsubscribe links in our emails, or by contacting us at (212) 912-9770. In certain jurisdictions, such as the European Union, you may have specific rights to access, change, transfer or request removal of personal information about you. To ensure your protection and to oversee handling of personal information, TDF has an appointed Data Protection Officer. If you have requests, questions or concerns about this Privacy Notice, please email:
dpo@tdf.org
or call us at: (212) 912-9770. You can also write to us at:
Theatre Development Fund, Inc.
Attn: Data Protection Officer
520 Eighth Avenue, Suite 801
New York, NY 10018
TDF will generally honor requests for data transfer, changes or erasure at no charge, however, a reasonable fee may be applied to cover administrative costs for requests that are clearly unfounded, excessive or repetitive.
Last updated: 02/18/2021