Legal notices
You are connected to the site of Banque et Caisse d'Epargne de l'Etat, Luxembourg (Spuerkeess).
Presentation
Registered office:
1, Place de Metz
L-1930 LUXEMBOURG
Telephone switchboard:
(+352) 4015-1
BIC / SWIFT: BCEELULL
e-mail:
info@spuerkeess.lu
LEI: R7CQUF1DQM73HUTV1078
Independent public establishment
Registration number in the Luxembourg Commercial Register B30775
VAT Identification Number: LU 11408778
Spuerkeess is registered on the official list of Luxembourg financial institutions held by the Financial Services Industry Regulatory Commission (CSSF).
Regulatory authority:
Financial Services Industry Regulatory Commission (CSSF)
283, route d'Arlon
L-1150 LUXEMBOURG
www.cssf.lu
Access to some pages on the site is subject to prior communication of personal data concerning the users. Spuerkeess only stores data which is necessary in the context of the provision of its services (in particular in order to process user requests or improve site navigation), either on electronic media or in any other form.
The personal data that the users disclose voluntarily to Spuerkeess is processed confidentially, and will not be transmitted under any circumstances to third parties without their prior consent, and only in accordance with the provisions of Luxembourg law concerning banking secrecy.
Spuerkeess undertakes to make every endeavour to ensure that the personal data supplied by site users is transmitted via a secure means, but reminds users that secrecy of correspondence is not guaranteed on the Internet.
Users accept that any use of the site is made under their own responsibility.
In accordance with the legislation on protection of personal data, users have the right, inter alia,  to access and correct the data concerning them, the right to require the erasure of their data and to object the processing of their data.
Users who wish to exercise one of the above-mentioned rights may submit a request by sending an S-Net message, email or letter to the following address:
Banque et Caisse d'Epargne de l'Etat, Luxembourg
Data Protection Officer
1, Place de Metz
L-2654 Luxembourg
dpo@spuerkeess.lu
Any request not submitted via S-Net must be accompagnied by a copy of an identity document.
Users of the Spuerkeess site are informed that during their access to this site, information may be stored temporarily in memory or on their computer equipment, particularly to facilitate navigation on the site ("cookies"). For more information about the use of cookies, users may consult Spuerkeess's "
Cookies Policy
".
By disclosing their telephone number(s) or their e-mail address on the Spuerkeess site, users accept that the Bank may provide them with information, either by telephone or by e-mail.
In case the user doesn't wish to receive this information anymore, he may opt-out from Spuerkeess's commercial communications and actions, in the above-mentioned way.
Users who have asked to receive information by SMS or other means of communication which entail charges, declare that they will pay any charges billed to them.
This site is intended for customers of Spuerkeess and parties interested in the products and/or services offered by this institution.
This site is subject to the law of Luxembourg.
Spuerkeess undertakes to comply with all Luxembourg laws and regulations concerning the operation of an Internet site.
It is pointed out that mail secrecy is not guaranteed on the Internet, and that it is up to each Internet user to take all appropriate measures, so as to protect his/her own data and/or software from corruption by any viruses that may be circulating on the Internet.
The site www.spuerkeess.lu is hosted by ebrc, 5, rue Eugène Ruppert, L-2453 Luxembourg, Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg.
Although Spuerkeess takes all necessary steps to ensure that information and data published on the site is correct, this is provided for information only. Spuerkeess cannot be held liable for inaccurate, incomplete or erroneous information, or for falsified or manipulated information.
This information does not constitute, under any circumstances, an offer or an invitation to purchase or sell. It does not constitute legal, accounting, or tax advice, and is only valid at the time at which it is given.
The dissemination of this information, in particular that concerning investment funds, is limited or regulated by the laws of certain countries. In the latter case, the dissemination of this information and subscription to the said investment funds is prohibited, or subject to the prior authorisation of the appropriate authorities. Spuerkeess draws the attention of visitors to this site to the fact that this information is not intended for natural or legal persons who, by virtue of their nationality, are subject to foreign legislation that prohibits or restricts the dissemination of such information.
The persons concerned, particularly, but not exclusively, American, Canadian and British citizens, are requested to enquire about restrictions that apply to them.
The Spuerkeess site has information that is made available by third parties or via hypertext links to other sites. The existence of a link from the Spuerkeess site to another site does not constitute a recommendation or a validation of this site or its content. Spuerkeess cannot be held liable for information, opinions and recommendations formulated by those third parties.
Spuerkeess reserves the right to modify the content of the site or to make it inaccessible.
Issuing instructions requires full knowledge of the regulation and the operation of markets. It is intended for a knowledgeable clientele, well aware of the rapid fluctuations that may occur on certain markets, and their speculative nature, or their lack of liquidity.
Users of the site should read carefully the document entitled "Investing - A guide for the Investor" which may be consulted on the site and in Spuerkeess branch offices. By doing so they get the necessary information enabling them to assess the character of transactions and the specific risks that these transactions may entail.
If they consider that they do not have full knowledge about the securities in which they are considering investing, or that they lack information about a transaction that they are considering entering into, they must contact their usual branch office beforehand, in order to determine whether the investment concerned is compatible with their profile and their investment objectives.
Spuerkeess declines any liability concerning the appropriateness of a transaction performed on the basis of an instruction issued, or the compatibility of that transaction with the customer's profile.
All trade marks, logos or items appearing on the pages of this site are the exclusive property of Banque et Caisse d'Epargne de l'Etat, Luxembourg (Spuerkeess). Any reproduction, representation or dissemination, in full or in part, of the content of this site on whatever medium or by whatever process it may be, constitutes an infringement of copyright and is prohibited without the express authorisation of Spuerkeess.
The creation of hypertext links to this site is subject to the prior consent of Spuerkeess.
The organisation of contests, prize draws for advertising purposes or lotteries is subject to the provisions of the consumer protection law and more precisely the articles L.122-1 and following.
The user is solely liable the safe keeping and maintaining the confidentiality of his/her passwords to the secure services provided by Spuerkeess.
The user undertakes to inform Spuerkeess immediately of any unauthorised use of his/her account or any breach of security.
The user grants Spuerkeess the right to end all or part of the right of access corresponding to its identification parameters.
Users accept that any use of the site is made under their own responsibility. Spuerkeess declines all liability for direct or indirect losses that may be caused by the use of the site, particularly in relation to a break or cessation of the operation of the site, or a dysfunction of the site, which may result from a shutdown for maintenance or upgrade of Spuerkeess's computer systems, technical faults or network overloads, faults in telephone lines, errors, negligence or misdemeanours by suppliers, Internet services or a third party, or a virus acquired via the Internet.
Any disputes relating to the use, interpretation or execution of the information and data appearing on this site shall be submitted to the Luxembourg courts.
The applicable law is the law of Luxembourg.
Only the French version of this site is authoritative.