Electronics Engineering Apps. PRO.
All Apps
EE ToolKit Tutorial
ƒ Generator Tutorial
MultiTone Generator Tutorial
PrivacyPolicy
Privacy Policy
Effective date: October 29, 2018
Regarding our iOS Apps
We don’t collect or store ANY personal data.
Our Apps do NOT use any third party services that collect data used to identify you. There is no login required, you don’t have to provide ANY personal data. We are also not using any advertising networks or analytic tools.
Our Apps save all values, settings as you enter them – just so you don’t have to re-enter them when you leave a page and open it again at a later point in time. These values are stored locally. Only the App has access to this data and if you delete the App and re-install it, all of that data is deleted as well.
The EE ToolKit and the R ToolKit support saving of several calculations per tool. These are stored locally and in your iCloud account. In case you delete the App and re-install it, all of that data is gone. When you want to use the Oscilloscope tool or the Frequency / Pitch detector, the App will prompt you for access to the microphone.
Regarding this Website
your browser transfers certain data so that it can access the Website, namely:
– the IP address
– the date and time of the request
– the browser type
– the operating system
– the language and version of the browser software.
While using the Website, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you (“Personal Data”). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
– Email address
– First name and last name
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the “effective date” at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By email:
tom@ee-toolkit.com