Privacy Policy - information on the processing of personal data
Drukuj
Zwiń
Polski
English
English
Polski
English
We, at AutoMapa value your privacy. In this Privacy Policy we describe how we collect personal data and how we will treat them.
1. Personal data controller
In accordance with the Regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council (EU) on the Protection of Personal Data (GDPR), we inform you that the controller of your personal data is AutoMapa sp. z o.o. (Operator) with its registered office in Warsaw, ul. Domaniewska 37. Contact with the personal data controller: odo@automapa.pl.
2. Objectives
The Operator processes your personal data for the following purposes:
a. conclusion and performance of an agreement between the Parties, in particular an agreement for the provision of services through electronic means according to the Terms and Conditions, providing access to services, in particular through AutoMapa (described in detail in section 3), AutoCB and Targeo applications and websites, technical support and presentation of public facility data and other information on maps and in navigation devices. (Legal basis: Article 6(1)(b) GDPR concerning the performance of contracts)
b. fulfilment of legal obligations incumbent on the controller, in particular with regard to accounting, issuing invoices and accounting documents, responding to complaints and ensuring network security in accordance with the applicable regulations. (Legal basis: Article 6(1)(c) GDPR concerning legal obligation)
c. conducting marketing analysis and marketing communication to improve services, including profiling to adjust marketing content. (Legal basis: Article 6(1)(f) GDPR concerning legitimate interest of the controller)
d. determining or pursuing possible claims or defending against such claims, if any, by the controller. (Legal basis: Article 6(1)(f) GDPR concerning legitimate interest of the controller)
e. detecting and preventing abuse - conducting analyses of User activity on websites and in applications, automatic detection of abuse and misuse of websites. (Legal basis: Article 6(1)(f) GDPR concerning legitimate interest of the controller)
f. analyses and statistics - conducting analyses of Users' activity on websites and in applications and the way they use their accounts, as well as their preferences, in order to improve functionality. (Legal basis: Article 6(1)(f) GDPR concerning legitimate interest of the controller)
g. to the extent necessary to protect the vital interests of the State or other natural persons (Legal basis: Article 6(1)(d) GDPR concerning interest of persons) and to perform tasks carried out in public interest (Legal basis: Article 6(1)(e) GDPR concerning public interest), in particular the services used by 112 emergency centres, emergency services, including ambulance and air ambulance and the state fire service.
h. internal administration of the Operator, in particular the maintenance of the ICT infrastructure and internal reporting. (Legal basis: Article 6(1)(f) GDPR concerning legitimate interest of the controller).
3. Processing of personal and sensitive data in the AutoMapa application
The following personal and sensitive data are processed in the AutoMapa application: device location data (with the User's consent), history of the device location (with the User's consent and at the User's request), searched places (at the User's request), sound recorded from the microphone (with the User's consent and at the request of the User), e-mail address (with the User's consent for the purposes of update notifications and at the User's request when creating a MapCloud account), Favorite Points (at the User's request). In the case of a voice search, the recording of the phrase with the User's question is transferred to external service providers in order to convert the speech into text. In the case of broadcasting a voice message by the AutoCB function, the recording is transferred and played back to other Users who are nearby or are present on the Sender's channel. The data is not shared with other entities in a form that can be linked to a specific user, i.e. without anonymization, deep processing or grouping.
4. Lodging objections
You have the right to object to the processing of data based on Article 6(1)(f), including the profiling of your data.
5. Marketing communication
In the extent of voluntary consents under special laws (e.g. telecommunication law), marketing communications may be addressed to you via e-mail or text message.
6. Transmission of personal data
Personal data may be transferred to external entities: banks and payment operators, telecommunication operators, entities providing customer service bureau services, accounting offices, IT service providers, marketing agencies or other cooperating entities.
7. Transfers of personal data outside the EU
The operator does not plan to transmit data outside the European Union.
8. Personal data retention
Personal data will be processed for the period of time required for the performance of the contract, required to comply with applicable laws or for any other period resulting from internal operational requirements, such as proper provision of access to services, facilitation of user relationship management or responding to legal claims and regulatory enquiries, whichever is longer. The period of processing of personal data may each time be extended by the statute of limitations for claims, if the processing of personal data will be necessary to assert possible claims or defend against such claims by the controller. To the extent that personal data is processed for the purpose of marketing communication and marketing analysis, the data will be processed until the relevant consent is withdrawn.
9. User rights
The provision of personal data by the User is voluntary. Each User has the right to access his or her personal data and the right to have it corrected, deleted or restricted. The user also has the right to object to the processing of his or her personal data as well as to lodge a complaint with the data protection supervisory authority. Each User also has the right to transfer the personal data which he or she has provided to the controller, e.g. by receiving said data from the controller in a structured, commonly used format. You may exercise the above rights by sending a request to odo@automapa.pl containing all the necessary data to enable us to identify the data concerned and to authenticate the person making the request in order to confirm your right to make such a request.