CONSUMER HEALTH DATA PRIVACY POLICY
Effective: October 14th, 2024
This Consumer Health Data Privacy Policy (“Policy”) applies to the extent The Meet Group, Inc.,
        its brands, and subsidiaries (“we”, “our”, or “us”) process consumer health information for
        purposes of the Washington My Health My Data Act or other similar state laws through our websites,
        mobile apps, and other online services that link to or post this Policy (“Services”). This Policy
        supplements The Meet Group’s Privacy Policy, and we encourage you to review our full Privacy Policy carefully.
Collection and Use of Consumer Health Data
Depending on what you choose to share when you add personal information to your profile, use the
        Services to communicate with other members, or use other relevant features, it is possible that
        you may provide us with consumer health data, such as:
Information about your physical and mental health conditions or medications;
Information about health care services that you have sought or are seeking;
Information about bodily functions, vital signs or measurements;
Reproductive or sexual health information; and
Other information about your past, present, or future physical or mental health status.
To the extent you elect to share consumer health data, we primarily use the consumer health data
        to provide and operate our Services. We also may use consumer health data with your consent or as
        otherwise permitted by law. For additional details, please review “Purposes for Collection and
        Processing” in our Privacy Policy.
The Meet Group also may collect biometric information with your consent, such as where you consent
        to certain account verification procedures. Please see our Privacy Policy and the applicable
        Biometric Data Specific Notice for more information.
Disclosure of Consumer Health Data
We may share your consumer health data as reasonably necessary to provide and operate our Services
        or as otherwise permitted by law.  For example, we may share your personal information in the following manner:
With other users in the context of features that are social in nature, such as when we disclose
            your profile information to other users, only to the extent that you choose to disclose such information;
With vendors and service providers who perform functions on our behalf (e.g., Customer Care provider);
With our brands, corporate affiliates and subsidiaries, such as eHarmony, Inc. and other subsidiaries
            of ParshipMeet Holding GmbH; and
With other third parties for legal and compliance purposes, where permitted by law, including:
With legal, governmental, or judicial authorities as instructed or requested by those
                    authorities or required by applicable laws, or in relation to a legal activity, such as in
                    response to a subpoena or investigation of suspected illicit or illegal activities, or where
                    we believe in good faith that users may be engaged in illicit or illegal activities, or where
                    we are bound by contract or law to enable a network partner to comply with applicable laws;
Where we believe doing so is necessary to protect the Services, our rights and property,
                    or the rights, property, and safety of others;
With necessary third parties in connection with, or during negotiations for, an acquisition,
                    merger, asset sale, or other similar business transfer that involves all or substantially all
                    of our assets or functions where personal information is transferred or shared as part of the
                    business assets; and
As otherwise described in our Privacy Policy; and
With your consent or at your direction
Your Rights
You may be entitled, in accordance with applicable law, to submit a request to know, access,
        or delete consumer health data we have collected about you or withdraw consent to our use of consumer
        health data.  If we decline your request, you may have the right to appeal within a reasonable period
        of time after you have received notice of this decision.
You can exercise your privacy rights or request an appeal under applicable law, please contact us
        by submitting a request to
support@themeetgroup.com
.
Policy Updates
The effective date of this Policy is noted above.  We reserve the right to modify this Policy at any time,
        so please review it frequently.  If we make material changes to this Policy, we will notify you here by
        updating the effective date, or by other means, such as e-mail, at our discretion.  We recommend that you
        review this Policy from time to time to stay informed of our practices.  Your continued use of any portion
        of our Services following the posting of the updated Policy will constitute your acceptance of the changes.