Downcast
downcast.fm
Contact
All Categories
​>​
​General
​>​
                  Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Updated
4 years ago
by
                          George Cox
What Downcast Does Not Collect
Personally Identifying or Sensitive Information
This means Downcast does not collect your name, email address, location, physical address, financial information, passwords, information about your contacts, or any other personal or sensitive information.
What Downcast Does Collect
A Random Identifier
A random identifier is generated, using Apple's `NSUUID`, when Downcast is installed. This identifier is stored in Downcast's `NSUserDefaults` on your device. It is associated with Downcast's diagnostic logs and any crash reports you choose to submit. If you delete Downcast from a device and reinstall it, a new identifier is generated.
Since Downcast does not collect any personally identifying or sensitive information, the identifier is never associated with such information.
The identifier is exposed in Downcast's Settings UI under "Help & Feedback" / "Crash Reporting".
The identifier is used:
To look up related crash reports when you manually provide the identifier to Downcast's customer support by copying & pasting it from Downcast's Settings UI or by submitting your log file.
To estimate how many devices may be affected by a particular crash.
Diagnostic Information
Downcast stores a sparse log of recent diagnostic information on your device. This information is used to assist in diagnosing crashes and troubleshooting user reported bugs in Downcast. Typically, the period of time covered by the log file is the most recent few days.
This diagnostic information only leaves your device in three scenarios:
You manually submit your log file from within Downcast.
After a crash if you have configured Downcast to always send crash reports.
After a crash if you have configured Downcast to always ask before sending crash reports and you manually choose to submit a crash report when prompted.
Downcast's crash reporting behavior is configurable in Downcast's settings view under "Help & Feedback" / "Crash Reporting".
Crash Reports
Crash reports may be submitted and stored by Apple and/or Microsoft App Center depending on how you have configured your device and Downcast.
Crash reports are submitted and stored by Apple if you have configured iOS to share crash reports with developers in the iOS Settings app.
Crash reports are submitted and stored by Microsoft App Center, for up to 90 days, if:
You have configured Downcast to always send crash reports.
You have configured Downcast to always ask before sending crash reports and you manually choose to submit a crash report when prompted.
We do not have access to any crashes generated by any app besides Downcast.
Handling of Collected Data
We use Microsoft App Center to manage crash reports that you've allowed Downcast to collect. We do not share any collected data with any other third party.
We do not sell any collected data to any third party.
How did we do?
(opens in a new tab)
Send