Features
FAQ
Contact
Privacy Policy
This policy applies to all information collected or submitted on Appsequence’s website and our apps for iPhone and any other devices and platforms.

                    Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate, disclose and make use of personal information.
Automatically Collected Information
Like most websites and apps, we also store information through the use of software that may be transparent to users. For example, we may log your IP address and general information about your browser or device.
Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the Application?
We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement.
We may disclose User Provided and Automatically Collected Information:
- as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process;
- when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;
- with our trusted services providers who work on our behalf, do not have an independent use of the information we disclose to them, and have agreed to adhere to the rules set forth in this privacy statement.
- if Appsequence is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site (www.appsequence.com) of any change in ownership or uses of this information, as well as any choices you may have regarding this information;
Automatic Data Collection and Advertising
We may work with analytics companies to help us understand how the Application is being used, such as the frequency and duration of usage, this to improve the app and prioritize future development efforts. Crash reports are also collected to help improve the app. We may include ads for non-Premium subscribers into the app and need to know how you interact with advertising provided in the Application which helps us keep the cost of the Application low.
Data Retention Policy, Managing Your Information
We may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to our website and users of the app. For example, we may aggregate anonymous location data to report resort popularity or publish a report on trends in the usage of SalaryBook.
Children
We do not knowingly collect Personal Data from children under the age of 13 and do not target our websites to children under 13. If you are under thirteen, please do not submit any data through the app or site.
                    We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children's Internet usage and to help enforce our privacy policy by instructing their children to never provide personal data through any of our app or site without their permission.
Security
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. For example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our Application. Please be aware that, although we endeavor provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
Exclusions
This privacy policy does not apply to any unsolicited information you provide to us, such as feature requests and feedback sent via our support channels. All unsolicited information shall be deemed to be non-confidential and we shall be free to reproduce, use, disclose, and distribute such unsolicited information to others without limitation or attribution.
International Transfers of Information
Information may be processed, stored, and used outside of the country in which you are located. Data privacy laws vary across jurisdictions, and different laws may be applicable to your data depending on where it is processed, stored, or used.
Your Consent
By using our site or apps, you consent to our privacy policy.
Contact us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at contact@appsequence.com.
Changes
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy here. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes.
Change log: May 18, 2017, v.1.0.