See our full list of games
Fruit Ninja 2
Dan The Man
Jetpack Joyride 2
Monster Dash
Last updated on 1 June 2023
Thank you for subscribing to Halfbrick+ and taking an interest in privacy! This privacy policy sets out how Halfbrick handles your personal data. When you join Halfbrick+, you agree to this privacy policy which also forms part of our
Subscription Agreement
.
Children/under 18s:
If you want to join Halfbrick+ your parent/guardian must join on your behalf
.
‍
1. What Information Do We Collect?
1.1 Information You Give To Us
We receive and store any information you give to us, such as when you:
subscribe to Halfbrick+ we will collect your email address;
provide feedback to us through Legitimate Research or other means;
interact with us via social media such as Facebook, TikTok, Twitter, Twitch, YouTube, Instagram, Reddit and Discord;
enter our competitions;
request technical support, make a compliment or complaint, or otherwise contact us directly; and
give us your information in another way.
1.2 Information Collected Automatically
We receive and store certain types of information automatically when you interact with us, such as:
your IP address when you download or update Halfbrick+;
information about how you use Halfbrick+, such as which Halfbrick+ games you download. We use this information to design new services, improve our games and to deliver Halfbrick+ to you;
information about the device you use to access Halfbrick+ such as its make & model, operating system version, platform, language, time zone and IP address;
cookies: You can disable cookies through your web or phone browser settings but you may find that you are not able to enjoy all of the features of Halfbrick+ if you do so; and
your general location (ie. city/country) based on your IP Address, so we know what language to use and so that we can tailor Halfbrick+ to your location.
1.3 Information From Third Parties
Sometimes we collect information about you from third parties, such as
Apple
,
Google
and payment processors. We collect this information so that we can deliver Halfbrick+ to you. We collect this information:
when you download Halfbrick+ via the App Store, Google Play Store, or other Storefront; and
if you have a Paid Subscription for Halfbrick+ we may obtain confirmation of your payment status and related information from payment processors who process your payments on our behalf.
‍
2. How Do We Use Your Information?
How we use your personal data
So you can use Halfbrick+.
Enjoyable games are a complex business. We work with vendors and partners who give us the     technical abilities that let you play and enjoy our games, and to run the     business that supports those games;
For product support, development and improvement.
We use personal data to provide customer     support, to improve Halfbrick+, and to develop new games. We use personal data for playtesting as well as customer and market insight;
To market our products to you
. We use personal data to market our games to you such as by email, social media, and by push-notifications;
To perform Analytics.
We perform Analytics on personal data we hold for business analysis and operations, business intelligence, product development and improvement, personalizing content     and making recommendations; and
For bug fixing.
We will collect crash files from Halfbrick+ to assist us in making improvements.
We may combine information about you that we have collected from multiple sources
‍
When we share your personal data
To help us run our business.
We provide your personal data to partners who assist us run our business such as platforms, and payment processors. We also work with certain partners, such as other game developers and information collected from you may be shared through these partnerships.
‍
2.1 When Do We Disclose Information
To our business partners.
We may disclose your personal information to our business partners in the course of providing Halfbrick+ to you, or generally in the conduct of our business. This may include organisations who provide services to us, such as payment processors. Please see below for more information about third party services;
When the law requires or authorises it.
There may be circumstances where we share your personal information if we are required or authorised by law or by a law enforcement agency; and
Emergency or crime.
We may disclose your personal information to avoid, lessen or prevent a serious emergency or crime. If we use or disclose personal information about you in those circumstances we will make a written record of such use or disclosure.
2.2 Childrens' Privacy
‍
We do not knowingly contact or collect information from children without the permission of their parent/guardians. If you believe that we have inadvertently collected such information, please contact us so we can promptly obtain parental/guardian consent or delete the information.
‍
2.3 Third Party Services
When you use Halfbrick+, you might also use third party services, such as platform, payment processors, Google Play services and Apple's Game Center. We do not control how they interact with you and you should ensure that you consent to the terms of use and privacy policies offered by the third party services before providing them with your information.
You acknowledge that we are not liable when third party services use information you provide to them.
We encourage you to be careful about the protection of your own personal information when using third party services such as social media platforms.
We also work with certain business partners, such as other game developers, and information collected from you may be shared through these partnerships.
Some of our business partners are outside Australia. Below is a list of some, but not all, business partners that we actively share user information and site usage data with (this list is subject to change):
‍
Campaign Monitor.
Based in Australia with servers in United States.
Read their Privacy Policy
;
Helpshift.
Located in United States.
Read their Privacy Policy;
OneTrust.
Located in United States.
Read their Privacy Policy;
Google.
Located in the United States. We use Google Firebase with servers located in United States and other locations.
Read their Privacy Policy.
‍
2.4 Marketing
Sometimes we will use your information to tell you about Halfbrick+ and our news, such as new games we are launching, events we are running, or merchandise we sell. You can opt-out if you don’t want to receive this information.
‍
2.5 OPTING-OUT
Ways to opt-out of Halfbrick+:
you can delete your profile in the Halfbrick+ app, and then delete the app and associated games;
if we send you an email, there will be an unsubscribe link;
if we post updates via social media you can unlike, unsubscribe or stop following our page and you will no longer get updates; or
if we use another type of social media you can opt-out using that service.
If you need help opting-out please contact us at
support@halfbrick.com
‍
2.6 Storage, Security & Data Retention
We store information on servers in Australia, United States and Singapore.
Halfbrick uses a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal data from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. For example, we store the personal data you provide on computer systems that have limited access and are in controlled facilities. Retention policies vary by the type of information and the lifecycle of the related game. We try to delete or deidentify data when we no longer require it.
‍
2.7 Access, Correction & Deletion
We make reasonable efforts to keep personal information and platform data up to date, including data that has been modified or deleted.
You may request access to your personal information and platform data at any time by sending a written request to our Privacy Officer by submitting an in-game support ticket or by emailing privacy@halfbrick.com.
If your information changes, let us know so that we can update our records. If you would like us to delete your records that we hold, please tell us. Once deleted your data will not be accessible. Please note data deletion requests can take up to 28 days.
‍
3. Exercising your rights
If you wish to exercise your data or privacy rights, or if have any concerns or complaints about your privacy please contact us by:
Submitting a request through the in game support; or
Sending a written request to our Privacy Officer by email to privacy@halfbrick.com.
Our Privacy Officer will respond to your complaint within a reasonable time after we receive it, provided you supply return contact details. If you do not provide return contact details, we will be unable to respond to your complaint, although we will consider its content.
You may also lodge a complaint about your data or privacy rights with the relevant authority in your country.
‍
4. Updates to this Policy
We will update this Privacy Policy from time to time. These updates, will take effect from the date of issue on our website at
halfbrick.com
. Please check back regularly for updates.
‍
5. Definitions
Analytics
Interpretation and interpolation of unidentified data to predict and isolate trends relating to game play and app use.
Games
means Halfbrick and third-party digital games and associated client software (
Game Clients
), services, websites and supported community channels (
Game Services
), and content and data (
Game Content
) made available through Halfbrick+ (collectively,
Games
).
IP Address (Internet Protocol Address)
A unique string of numbers separated by full stops or commas that identifies each computer using the Internet Protocol to communicate over a network. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks.
Halfbrick ("us")
Halfbrick Studios Pty Ltd ACN 109 693 227 its assignees, licensees, successors in title and subsidiaries.
Halfbrick+
means the subscription service known as Halfbrick+ and all games, content, apps, and other services offered by us through the Halfbrick+ branded service and including all related services.
Legitimate Research
means innovative and experimental mini-games, experiences and Pre-Release tests made available under the Legitimate Research banner in Halfbrick+.
Payment processors
means third party companies who process your Halfbrick+ subscription payments.
Pre-Release tests
means
confidential, preview, early access, alpha, beta or similarly designated pre-release versions of our Games.
Storefront
An online business presence for sales. We work with Apple's App Store and Google Play storefronts as our primary storefronts for sales.
Third party services
means services provided by a provider that is not owned or controlled by Halfbrick.
‍