PostNord's Privacy Policy
Introduction
PostNord AB (publ) and its group companies ("PostNord" or "we"/"us") respect your integrity. This privacy policy explains how we collect and use your data. It also describes your rights toward us and how you can exercise your rights.
The policy applies to those who
are our customer
are a recipient of electronic or physical shipments (letters, parcels, and goods) that we convey
visit our web pages, apps, platforms and social media ("digital channels")
participates in market activities, competitions, and customer surveys
in any other way comes in contact with us, for example via our customer service.
Our objective is for you to feel confident that your integrity is respected and that your data is processed correctly. All processing of personal data within PostNord follows applicable data protection legislation. Within the EU/EEA, the General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR")
1
applies and such national legislation implementing GDPR.
This privacy policy generally applies to our processing of personal data. If you receive a different information text regarding the processing of personal data when purchasing our services or in any other context, that information text shall take precedence over this privacy policy.
1
Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons concerning the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC.
What is personal data and what is the processing of personal data?
Personal data is any information that can be directly or indirectly linked to a living person. This means that a range of different types of information, including, but not limited to, name and contact details, IP addresses, contest contributions, choices, and preferences, are considered personal data.
Processing is any action taken with personal data, such as collecting, storing, modifying, processing for different purposes, altering, or deleting it.
What categories of personal data are processed and for what purposes?
When you purchase our services
For example, when purchasing our services, we will process your name, postal address, email address, phone number, information related to the content of the shipments (letters or packages), and destination information. Where applicable, personal identification numbers, preferences, behavior patterns, and information on whether you are a legal representative, may also be processed.
Your data is processed for the following purposes:
To provide the services you have purchased by the agreement with you, including the service description and the specific terms of service.
To provide additional services such as access to PostNord's customer portal on which you can receive information about your shipments and administer power of attorney for the collection of mail.
To process complaints and returns or when you in other cases communicate with us via our customer service.
For marketing purposes, among those marketing via mail, email, and sms/mms (which you can opt-out from by clicking on a link in each message sent through email or sms/mms, or by contacting us via the contact details below).
To analyze and group visitors on our Digital Channels based on selection, prioritization, and preferences (so-called profiling) to provide you with relevant and tailored information, recommendations, ads, and offers.
To conduct customer surveys.
To prevent, detect, and prosecute fraud and misuse of PostNord's services.
To obtain anonymized statistics over the use of PostNord's services.
To develop, test, and improve PostNord's services and the technical platforms on which they are provided.
Provided that you have consented to it, to create custom audiences for us to send you customized offers and marketing on PostNord's digital channels. You may withdraw your consent at any time by using the opt-out tools offered on the digital channel where targeted marketing and advertising occur. If there are no such opt-out tools, you can withdraw your consent by contacting us at the contact details below.
If you are a recipient of shipments (letters and packages) that we convey
As a recipient of shipments that PostNord conveys, we process your name, address, shipment information, information related to the content of the shipments (letters or packages,) and destination information.
Your data is processed for the following purposes:
To convey shipments (letters or packages) to the correct recipient.
To process complaints and returns or when you in other cases communicate with us via our customer service.
For marketing purposes, among those marketing via mail, email, and sms/mms (which you can opt-out from by clicking on a link in each message sent through email or sms/mms, or by contacting us via the contact details below).
To conduct customer surveys.
To obtain anonymized statistics over the use of PostNord's services.
To maintain, develop, test, and improve PostNord's services and the technical platforms on which they are provided.
If you visit our digital channels and our usage of cookies
Whenever you visit/use our digital channels, we collect information that you have chosen to submit to us, e.g. names, addresses, email addresses, phone numbers, and other personal data.
We may also process information regarding your usage of our digital channels, such as transaction history and technical data relating to the units you use to access PostNord’s digital channels, e.g. IP addresses, unique device ID, and type of web browser.
PostNord offers certain services that require access to information from your mobile device, such as your mobile phone or tablet. It could be photos, contact information, audio recordings, and location data. PostNord will never collect such data unless you have given your explicit consent hereto.
PostNord has placed so-called “cookies” on several of our digital channels. Through these, information on how you are using the digital channel in question is collected. You can find more information on which cookies PostNord has placed on our digital channels, and how to remove these cookies in
PostNord's cookie policy
.
Your personal data is processed for the following purposes:
To maintain, provide, test, and improve our digital channels.
To be able to offer you support when facing a problem on our digital channels.
For marketing purposes, among those marketing via mail, email, and sms/mms (which you can opt-out from by clicking on a link in each message sent through email or sms/mms, or by contacting us via the contact details below).
To analyze and group visitors on our digital channels based on selection, prioritization, and preferences (so-called profiling) in order to provide you with relevant and tailored information, recommendations, ads, and offers. Data from your use of different digital channels from PostNord and its group companies may be merged for this purpose, and to develop products and services.
To create reports, review the effect of marketing campaigns, and create anonymized statistics regarding the usage of our digital channels.
For management, development, and testing of our IT systems to ensure that our digital channels uphold high quality as well as identifying and preventing security attacks such as viruses.
Provided your consent, to create custom audiences for us to send you customized offers and marketing on PostNord's digital channels. You may withdraw your consent at any time by using the opt-out tools offered on the digital channel where targeted marketing and advertising occur. If there are no such opt-out tools, you can withdraw your consent by contacting us at the contact details below.
When you participate in marketing activities, contests, and customer surveys
If you participate in contests, customer surveys, and other marketing-related activities that we organize, we will process, e.g. contact information, entries to contests, opinions, preferences, and other personal data that you choose to submit to us.
Your data is processed for the following purposes:
To administrate the marketing activity, contest, or customer survey, including communicating the outcome to you and paying eventual prizes.
To inform you about and offer you new marketing activities, contests, and customer surveys.
For marketing purposes, among those marketing via mail, email, and sms/mms (which you can opt-out from by clicking a link in each message sent through email or sms/mms or by contacting us via the contact details below).
To acquire anonymized statistics from marketing activities, contests, and customer surveys, to improve our services.
On our platforms evaluate our and our sending companies' services and execution of deliveries.
To maintain, develop, test, and improve PostNord's services and the technical platforms on which they are provided.
When you otherwise are in contact with and communicate with us
When you are in contact with us via, for example, customer service functions, we process information related to your customer service request. If you are visiting or communicating with us through our social media accounts (i.e. third-party platforms such as Facebook and Twitter) PostNord may receive information on your profile and your interactions on such platforms from the third-party platform provider.
Your data is processed for the following purposes:
For us to communicate with you or administer your request through our customer service, email forms, and our social media accounts.
To analyze calls and chat conversations to improve our communication and for your and our security.
To acquire anonymized statistics regarding the usage of PostNord’s communication functions.
To maintain, develop, test, and improve PostNord’s services and the technical platforms on which they are provided.
Erasure of personal data
Your data is processed only as long as it is needed to fulfill the purpose of the processing or to fulfill PostNord’s legal obligations. Thereafter, your data is erased following our erasure policy or internal guidelines for deletion of data.
Legal basis for our processing of your data
PostNord will always adhere to applicable data protection legislation when processing your data. We process your data when this is necessary to perform an agreement with you or to respond to a customer service request you have made, or when we have a legitimate and compelling interest in processing your data, e.g. an interest to market ourselves to visitors of our Digital Channels or an interest in developing and improving our services. We may also process your data when we are legally obliged to do so, e.g. according to the Swedish Postal Services Act (Sw. postlagen, SFS 2010:1045).
Would PostNord’s processing of your data require your consent according to applicable data protection legislation, we will obtain your prior consent to such processing, which is normally done by having you actively tick a box.
Security measures for the protection of personal data
A high level of security for your data is of utmost importance to PostNord, and we have in place appropriate technical and organizational security measures to protect your personal data from unauthorized access, modification, dissemination or destruction.
PostNord's duty of confidentiality as outlined in the Swedish Postal Services Act, applies to mail, but other information about PostNord's customers is also treated confidentially. Address information in our directory for mail delivery may in some instances be handed over to authorities based on an obligation in law or other regulation.
Limitations in the transfer of personal data
PostNord may engage external partners and suppliers to perform services on behalf of PostNord, e.g. to provide IT services, payment services or to assist in marketing, analysis, or statistics. The performance of these services may entail such parties, both within and outside of the EU/EEA, obtaining access to your personal data.
Companies that are processing personal data on behalf of PostNord are obliged to sign an agreement with PostNord to ensure a high level of protection for your personal data. For partners located outside the EU/EEA, additional protective measures are undertaken, e.g. the signing of an agreement that includes the European Commission’s model clauses for data transfers, which can be found on the European Commission’s website.
PostNord may transfer personal data to a third party, such as the police or other authority, in the course of an investigation or otherwise when so obliged by law or governmental decision.
PostNord may disclose personal information to third parties, such as sending companies, to act on and manage customer feedback to improve customer experience.
External links
This integrity policy applies to information that PostNord is processing about you within the scope of our Digital Channels. PostNord’s Digital Channels may sometimes contain links to external websites or services which are not controlled by PostNord. If you follow a link to an external website, you are urged to review the principles for data processing and cookies applicable to the website in question.
Processing of personal data concerning children
PostNord's digital channels are not intended for children and PostNord is thereby not knowingly collecting personal data about children. If you are a legal guardian and learn that your child has submitted personal data to PostNord, we ask that you contact us at the address stated in section 10 below so that you can exercise your rights to, inter alia, correction or deletion.
Your rights in connection with our processing
You have the following rights with the company that is processing your personal data:
Right to access (register transcript) – a right to obtain confirmation and information about the processing of your personal data.
Right to rectification – a right to have your personal data corrected.
Right to erasure – a right to have your personal data erased. This right is limited to data that, by law, requires your consent to be processed, if you withdraw that consent and oppose the processing.
Right to object – a right to object against our processing if the legal ground for the processing is based on a balancing of interests or if it is used for direct marketing.
Right to restrict data processing – a right to demand that the processing of personal data is restricted, e.g. if you oppose the correctness of the data. While the matter is investigated, PostNord’s access to the data in question is restricted.
Right to data portability – a right to request that personal data be sent from one data controller to another. This right is restricted to data, which you have submitted to us.
To exercise any of your rights, please see the heading contact information below.
Personal data not processed by PostNord
PostNord does not process personal data in letters or packages delivered by PostNord and is therefore not the controller nor processor for personal data in letters or packages. It is the sender of the letter or package you should contact for information about the processing of such personal data.
Contact information
If you have questions or opinions concerning the delivery of packages or letters, contact
PostNord's customer service
.
To exercise any of your rights, contact us at:
PostNord Sverige AB
Kundservice
105 00 Stockholm
Email:
registerutdrag@postnord.com
Please note that as a general rule, PostNord does not accept third parties to exercise the data subjects' rights based on a power of attorney. The person who wants to exercise a right therefore needs to submit the request.
The PostNord entity specified in the terms of the service you use, in the digital channel you visit, or in connection with any other contact with us, is the controller of the processing of your personal data. Please note that it is the sender who is the controller for personal data in letters and packages – not PostNord. If you have questions about PostNord’s processing of your personal data, or if you want information on and contact details to the other companies within the PostNord Group, please contact PostNord’s Data Protection Officer on:
PostNord Group AB
Data Protection Officer
105 00 Stockholm
Email:
dataprotectionofficer@postnord.com
If you are a corporate customer, please contact
PostNord's customer service
or your key account manager.
You are also entitled to, at any point in time, file a complaint with the applicable supervisory authority if you believe that our processing of your personal data is in breach of applicable data protection legislation.
Amendments to this integrity policy
PostNord may from time to time make amendments to this integrity policy. The current version of the integrity policy is always available on PostNord's websites.