App
/
MyChart Privacy
Corewell Health MyChart Privacy Policy
The Corewell Health MyChart mobile application and Corewell Health MyChart Website, including all tools, services, content and information available on or through the Corewell Health MyChart mobile application and Corewell Health MyChart Website, are services made available by Priority Health and Corewell Health.
The Corewell Health MyChart Website is referred to in these Terms of Use as the "MyChart site", "Website", or "site". The Corewell Health MyChart mobile application is referred to as the "MyChart mobile app", "MyChart app", or "app". The MyChart mobile application and Website are referred to together as “MyChart.”
The tools, features and services available through the MyChart site and mobile app may include (1) access to your medical record information, (2) access to information in your Priority Health account (if you have one), and (3) connection to participating physicians and other licensed health care professionals ("Providers") in real time, via live video, telephone and/or secure email, for the diagnosis and treatment of patients over the Internet. All of these tools, features and services are referred to together as "Services".
Priority Health, Corewell Health and their affiliates are referred to together as "Corewell Health", "we" or "us".
This Privacy Policy ("Policy") sets forth the guidelines Corewell Health uses for protecting the information you ("User" or "you") provide to us when you use the MyChart Services, either through the Website or the mobile app.
Some of the content and functionality of MyChart is provided by a third party. The third party may provide its own privacy policy. Corewell Health does not control the content of any third party’s policy.
MyChart privacy policy
We are the owners or custodians of information provided or collected using the MyChart app or site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others except: (i) when you’ve provided your prior consent; or (ii) as disclosed in this Policy.
When you use MyChart, you may provide us with different types of information, including personal information you knowingly choose to share with us and information that is collected on an aggregate basis as you and others use the MyChart app or site.
We receive and store any information you enter into the MyChart app or site. Data retention is conducted in accordance with our record retention policy and in accordance with applicable law. It is completely optional for you to use MyChart and to provide us your information.
For example, we request information from you when you:
Sign up
Provide preferred pharmacy locations
Provide self-reported remedies, supplements and over-the-counter medications
Provide self-reported immunizations
Send a secure message to your health care provider, billing office or MyChart customer support
Request an appointment or health service(s)
Access test results
Connect and communicate with physicians or other licensed health care professionals ("Providers") in real time, via live streaming video, telephone and/or secure email for the purpose of diagnosis and/or treatment ("eCare Services")
Use the Abriiz tool to record information about your health and wellness
Request access or grant access to your account for another MyChart account user
In the instances above, we may ask for your name, e-mail address, billing address, home address and credit card information, as well as other similar personal information that is needed to register, subscribe, or request several of the services we offer.
We may also provide information you request using the MyChart app or site. It is completely optional for you to request this information. For example, at your request, we may provide you with access to a copy of your medical records and the results of certain tests you have had at Corewell Health, or we may provide you a copy of your claims summary, if you are a Priority Health member.  You may also request to communicate through secure messaging with your physician/health care provider or our billing or customer support services.
If you provide a cell number to receive information, you consent to receiving SMS and MMS text messages from Corewell Health. You may opt-out of receiving such messages at any time in MyChart by modifying your communication preferences. Messages may be sent at various times on an ongoing basis. Message and data rates may apply. Corewell Health is able to send messages to most mobile carriers in the United States, but not all. Neither Corewell Health nor carriers are liable for delayed or undelivered messages. Consent to receive text messages is not required as a condition of purchasing any goods or services. Texts may be sent using an automatic telephone dialing system.
We receive and store certain types of information whenever you use the MyChart app or site, through the use of "cookies." A "cookie" is an element of data that a Website or mobile app can send to your computer or smartphone, which may then be stored on your hard drive or smartphone and used to provide you with tailored information. We use cookie information to analyze how frequently MyChart is being used or viewed, for automatic user recognition, and to improve your overall MyChart experience with us.
If you choose to correspond further with us through texts, e-mail, through the secure messaging feature or through eCare Services available through the MyChart, we reserve the right to retain the content of your messages and communications (including video content), together with your contact information, including email address(es), and our responses.
The MyChart app and Website utilize features and content powered by Microsoft Bing Maps. Use of these features and content is subject to the then-current versions of the Bing Maps terms of use, available here:
https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/maps/product/enduserterms
. Microsoft Bing Maps is a third party, Corewell Health is not responsible for third party terms of use and policies, which may be subject to change without notice. Within the app, when permitted by your device, location data is collected in the background, even when the app is not running.
We use the personal information you provide and we collect for the purposes of making products and services available to you and administering our business activities. Occasionally, we may also use your information to notify you about important changes to the MyChart, new services, and new information we think you might find valuable. Users who do not wish to receive mailings (whether e-mail or paper mail) or who believe they are receiving those mailings by mistake can contact us by e-mail and request removal from the mailing list at the following e-mail address:
appsupport@corewellhealth.org
.
From time to time we may share aggregated information that does not personally identify you with agents, contractors or affiliates of ours for the purpose of providing services to us. We will also share this information with our partners and advertisers.
Some of our affiliates or subsidiaries may use an outside credit card processing company to bill users for services. When you sign up for these services, we will share names, or other contact information that is necessary for the third party to provide these services.
We reserve the right to release personal and account information when we believe it is appropriate to do so in accordance with the law, other agreements, or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Corewell Health, our users or others.
We provide you access to your personal information. You may request to update, correct or add to your personal information by using the MyChart app or site. With respect to changes to your health information, please note that under federal law and regulation we may not be required to make those changes.
Please be aware that third party apps, Web sites and other services which may be accessed through the MyChart app or site may also collect personally identifiable information about you. These links are provided as a convenience to you and the inclusion of the link does not imply Corewell Health's endorsement of any other company, its mobile apps, Web site, its privacy practices or the products and services it sells. The information practices of those third party apps, Web sites and services are not covered by this Privacy Policy.
The importance of security for all personal information including, but not limited to, health information associated with you, is of utmost concern to us. Through MyChart, we exercise state of the art care in providing secure transmission of your information from your computer or mobile device to our servers. Information collected by the MyChart site and app is stored in secure operation environments that are not available or accessible to the public. Only those employees who need access to your information in order to do their jobs are allowed access, each having signed confidentiality agreements. Any employee who violates our privacy or security policies is subject to disciplinary action, including possible termination and civil and/or criminal prosecution.
MyChart is not only HIPAA compliant but additionally utilizes the latest technologies to ensure utmost security.  Corewell Health uses several layers of firewall security and different degrees of encryption for each individual’s health information, to ensure the highest level of security which meets or exceeds the requirements promulgated under HIPAA (defined below).
When you interact on the MyChart site or app, all of your information, including, but not limited to, your credit card number and delivery address, is transmitted through the Internet using Secure Socket Layers (SSL) technology. SSL technology causes your browser to encrypt your entered information before transmitting it to our secure server. SSL technology, an industry standard, is designed to prevent someone other than operators of our web site from capturing and viewing your personal information. To provide you with an increased level of security, online access to your MyChart account is protected with a password you select. We strongly recommend that you do not disclose your password to anyone. Corewell Health will never ask you for your password in any unsolicited communication (including unsolicited correspondence such as letters, phone calls, or email messages).
Google has determined our app is subject to their COVID-19 app requirements. As a result, we are required to provide the following information so we can make our app available to you in the Google Play store.
Our app may use your location data to notify front desk staff when you arrive for an appointment or to suggest healthcare providers that are near you. MyChart will not store your location data
Our app may use your camera to take new photos or to capture and transmit video for video visits. You choose if you want to use photos to personalize your account or send them as file attachments when you send messages to your healthcare providers
Our app may use your microphone to capture audio for video visits. MyChart will not store your audio data
Our app may access your device's storage to read and write files and photos you choose to use in MyChart. These files and photos may be used as attachments that are sent to your provider or they may be created from attachments sent to you from your provider
Our app may access your device's Bluetooth to detect other nearby devices. This information will be used to notify front desk staff when you arrive for an appointment. MyChart will not store your Bluetooth data
Our app may use your phone to call phone numbers displayed in the app. MyChart will not store your call history or other call data
MyChart app may interact with your sensitive data to provide certain features, such as video visits or mobile appointment check-in. The first time you try to use any of these features, we will ask for your consent within the app and will only allow you to use a feature if you give consent. You do not have to provide consent if you do not want to allow MyChart app to interact with your data as requested. MyChart app is developed by Epic Systems Corporation; please refer to
Epic’s Mobile Application Privacy Policy
for Patients for more detailed information about the limited ways they may interact with your information to make your use of MyChart app possible.
MyChart app may offer location-based check-in for in-person appointments or allow you to find healthcare providers near you. The first time you try to use any features that use your location, we will ask for your consent within the app and will only access your location if you give consent. You do not have to provide consent if you do not want to allow MyChart app to use your location. We do not store your location data.
No data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. While we strive to protect your information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure, Corewell Health cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us through the MyChart site or app.
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy from time to time.
By using MyChart, you signify your assent to this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not use the MyChart app or site. Your continued use of MyChart following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes.
If you feel we are not abiding by this Privacy Policy, please contact us by e-mail at the following e-mail address:
privacy@corewellhealth.org
. If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy please contact us by e-mail at the same address.
Also, for more information about the privacy of your health information, please see Corewell Health’s Notice of Privacy Practices, available at
http://www.spectrumhealth.org/about-us/patient-privacy
, and Priority Health’s Notice of Privacy Practices, available at
https://www.priorityhealth.com/privacy/notice
.