Terms, Conditions and Privacy Policy
We built the app as an Ad Supported app. This SERVICE is provided at no cost and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform mobile app users regarding the policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.
If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy.
NO PERSONAL INFORMATION IS COLLECTED
at anytime in using the app.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at Liberty unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
While using our Service, We don't collect any personally identifiable information. The information that I request is retained on your device and is not collected by me in any way
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app
Google Play Services
AdMob
Log Data
I want to inform you that whenever you use my Service, in a case of an error in the app I collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing my Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Unique application numbers
The app includes a unique application number. This number and information about your installation (for example, the operating system type and application version number) may be sent to our secure server when you install or uninstall that service or when that service periodically contacts our servers, such as for automatic updates.
Security
I value your trust in providing us your date(Comments), thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Hate speech policy
We encourage free speech and try to defend your right to express unpopular points of view, but we don't permit hate speech. Hate speech refers to content that promotes violence against or has the primary purpose of inciting hatred against individuals or groups based on certain attributes, such as:
race or ethnic origin
religion
disability
sexual orientation/gender identity
gender
There is a fine line between what is and what is not considered to be hate speech. For instance, it is generally okay to criticize a nation-state, but if the primary purpose of the content is to incite hatred against a group of people solely based on their ethnicity, or if the content promotes violence based on any of these core attributes, like religion, it violates our policy.
Keep in mind that not everything that’s mean or insulting is hate speech. If you’re upset by content that a specific person is posting, you may wish to consider blocking the user.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case I discover that a child under 13 has provided me with personal information, I immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact me so that I will be able to do necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me.