HOME
SUPPORT
CONTACT US
LOGIN / REGISTER
LOGIN
OR
REGISTER
Course Library
Privacy Policy
RealCME ("RealCME", "we"or "us") provides web-based online continuing medical education courses, tracking and analytic tools (the "RealCME Technology Solution"or, the "Service").  The privacy policy below outlines the types of information we collect and receive from you while you visit this website and access the Service, how RealCME uses that information as well as ways in which RealCME shares such information and how you can correct and/or update the information gathered.  This privacy policy applies to RealCME.com and RealCME's collection and use of information gathered through your access of the Service.  This policy does not apply to other websites, mobile or wireless platforms to which RealCME or the Service may link or to co-branded versions of the Service accessed through third party websites or  mobile or wireless platforms, unless so indicated.   This Privacy Policy does not apply to any form of content, business information, ideas, concepts or inventions you may communicate to RealCME or provide through social networking functionality or public forums which may be offered as part of the Service.
PLEASE REVIEW THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND THE REALCME TERMS OF SERVICE LOCATED AT
WWW.REALCME.COM
CAREFULLY. BY USING THE SERVICE OR VISITING THIS SITE YOU SIGNIFY YOUR AGREEMENT TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND THE REALCME TERMS OF SERVICE.  IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THIS PRIVACY POLICY OR THE REALCME TERMS OF SERVICE, PLEASE DO NOT USE THE REALCME SERVICE AND REFRAIN FROM VISITING THIS SITE.
HOW REALCME COLLECTS INFORMATION.
Information you provide to RealCME:
Generally, the nature of the Service  RealCME provides to you requires that we ask you to register for the Service and that we collect and use the information as set forth in this Privacy Policy.  During the registration process and thereafter when you update your account, we ask you for personally identifiable information, including but not limited to, your first and last name, email address, date of birth, area of specialty, the school from which you received your medical degree, date of graduation and country of practice.    You are responsible for ensuring the accuracy of the Personally Identifiable Information you submit to RealCME.  Inaccurate information will affect the information you receive when using the Service as well as the results and information generated on your behalf from your access of the Service.    There may be other instances when you are asked to provide information, such as when you participate in a survey.  In these instances the information collected, its purpose and how/by whom it will be used will be explained to you at the point of collection.
While using certain tools and interactive features of the Service you may provide both personally identifiable and non personally identifiable information to RealCME. The RealCME Service provides tools designed to compile scores generated from users accessing the RealCME Learning Management System.  These tools allow the user to use, manage, and review their account and scores collected throughout the Service.
The Service may also contain blogs, social networking functionalities and public forums offering users the opportunity to share comments and exchange communications with other users of the Service.  Any information you provide through any public forum offered through the Service, including but not limited to personally identifiable information, is open to the pubic, and as such, RealCME   does not control its use or dissemination by any third parties.  RealCME  has no ability or obligation to prevent third-party access to such information and RealCME undertakes no responsibility to keep such information private.   RealCME may decide to utilize user information provided to public forums or social networking functionality of the Service to enhance the Services, and to promote the use of the Services to third parties.
Information Collected by RealCME
When you visit the RealCME site and when you access the Service, (regardless of what website you gained access from), RealCME together with third party websites offering the Service and third party vendors with whom RealCME has contracted to provide services, collect information on your actions.  Cookies  are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive.  RealCME uses cookies  to help us provide you with a more personal experience and  allow RealCME (or its third party vendor ) to collect non personally identifiable information about your use of the RealCME Service.  This non personally identifiable information is anonymous and does not contain any personal information about you.  Most browsers can be set to reject all Cookies. If you choose to reject cookies you will not be unable to use the Services. As is true of many sites, RealCME gathers certain information automatically and stores it in its log files. This information may include IP address, browser type, ISP provider, date/time stamp. RealCME uses this information to analyze trends, administer the website track users' movements and gather demographic information about our user base as a whole.
RealCME may also supplement your data with information from third parties, including CME providers and accrediting agencies.
HOW REALCME USES THE INFORMATION IT RECEIVES AND COLLECTS.
Real CME uses the information you provide for several purpose, such as communicating with you about the Service and about matters pertaining to your account and your access to the Service, as well as to  provide corrections and updates to your account and provide you with information regarding the RealCME Site.  Additionally, the information collected by RealCME is used to create aggregate portraits of the users who access the Service which consist of anonymous statistical demographic information.  These aggregated portraits are used to determine trends, evaluate course offerings, general audience performance and scores and needs and may be shared with third parties, accredited CME providers, and third party websites and mobile or wireless providers offering the Service, in order to provide these third parties with information on who is accessing the Service and what course materials are being utilized, scores generated and other course participation information.
Disclosure of Information to Third Parties.
RealCME may release personally identifiable information to third parties as set forth in this privacy policy, and (i)  when disclosure is required by applicable law or pursuant to a court or similar order; (ii) in  the event of  a sale, merger, assignment, joint venture, or other transaction or disposition of a portion or all of the assets or stock of RealCME, or its affiliated entitled (including, without limitation, in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings); (iii) when RealCME believes that such disclosure is necessary to protect property, defend or assert legal rights or to prevent personal injury; (iv) to any or all of its subsidiaries and affiliated entities .
Disclosure to Third party CME Providers, Service Providers and RealCME Personnel.
Personally identifiable  information will be shared with third parties, such as accrediting bodies,  RealCME customer service, technology and editorial staff, technical consultants, third party auditors and other third parties who create, maintain or enhance the Service   or provide associated services  may also have access to your personally identifiable information.
Disclosure To or By Co-Branded Third Party Sites, Mobile and Wireless Platforms.
RealCME operates a Service available to physicians and health processionals through RealCME.com and through a distribution network of third party websites, mobile and wireless platforms, each of which provide access to the Service through  a third party environment which may be  either cobranded, or include a "Powered by RealCME"designation .  When you register and/or access the Service through a co-branded third party site, mobile or wireless platform , in addition to RealCME's collection and use of such information being governed by this privacy policy, the aggregated and/or personally identifiable information collected from your access to such  co-branded or powered by versions of the Service will be shared with such third parties and such third parties' use of the information collected  during your access of the Service will be subject to that third party's own privacy practices and policies.
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES.
There may be links to third party websites operated by entities that are not affiliated with and do not have contracts to provide services to RealCME.  RealCME does not share personally identifiable information with these linked sites.  If you link to one of these third party sites please read the privacy policy of this other site to learn how that third party website collects and uses your information. RealCME does not control the practices of these third party sites that you may link to from RealCME.com.
CHILDREN'S INFORMATION.
RealCME's Site and Service is directed and intended for medical and health professionals and as such RealCME does not knowingly collect information from children.
ACCESS AND CORRECTION.
You may correct, update and or change your contact or other profile information previously provided.  If you wish to correct, update or change your information simply update your profile.  To update your account log in at
www.realcme.com
and access your Profile.
SECURITY
RealCME uses industry standard tools such as firewalls to ensure that your information is  secure and confidential. Even with these efforts no website or online service is 100% secure.
APPLICABLE LAW.
This Privacy Policy is governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the state of New York, without giving effect to its conflict of laws provisions.
NOTICE OF CHANGES.
RealCME reserves the right, at any time and without notice, to add to, change, modify or update this privacy policy by posting such change, update or modification on the RealCME site or Service. Changes, modifications, or updates will be effective immediately upon posting.
DATA SUBJECT ACCESS REQUEST
In compliance with the General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR), HealthCourse, Inc. will comply with any Data Subject Access Requests (DSAR) concerning the following rights of the data subject:
Access (a copy of the personal data undergoing processing)
Rectification of personal data (correction of data stored or processed)
Erasure ('right to be forgotten')
Restriction of processing
Notification regarding rectification or erasure
Data portability (In the event of a Data Portability Request, HealthCourse, Inc. will export the customers data in an industry standard format and make it internet accessible for download only by the data subject)
Objection to processing (withdrawal of consent to processing)
Automated individual decision-making, including profiling
To submit a DSAR, please submit a copy of the REQUEST FOR IMPLEMENTATION OF RIGHTS form and submit electronically via email to
privacy@healthcourse.com
along with proper identification. Additionally, a DSAR can be submitted in written form by mail, or verbally requested by telephone. The REQUEST FOR IMPLEMENTATION OF RIGHTS form can be found here:
Right To Erasure Request
We have appointed EU and UK Representatives under Article 27 of the EU GDPR and UK GDPR respectively. Our appointed representatives are:
Our EU Representative:
Instant EU GDPR Representative Ltd.
Adam Brogden contact@gdprlocal.com
Tel +35315549700
INSTANT EU GDPR REPRESENTATIVE LTD
Office 2,
12A Lower Main Street, Lucan Co. Dublin
K78 X5P8
Ireland
Our UK Representative:
GDPR Local Ltd.
Adam Brogden contact@gdprlocal.com
Tel +44 1772 217800
1st Floor Front Suite
27-29 North Street, Brighton
England
BN1 1EB
ID: 48SC7QY
HealthCourse will only use personal data under appropriate legal bases, including legitimate basis and consent basis.
Legitimate basis allows for HealthCourse to provide the best experience possible for the end user. HealthCourse will consider any potential risks to the rights of end users before processing data on a legitimate basis.
Consent basis allows HealthCourse to engage end users with our platforms. End users are given the opportunity to opt out of any data processing that occurs on a consent basis at any time.
CONTACT INFORMATION.
Questions regarding this Privacy Policy should be referred to:
RealCME
545 West 45th Street, 8th Floor
New York, NY 10036
privacy@healthcourse.com
Cookie Policy
Cookies Settings
© 2007-2025 HealthCourse, Inc. All rights reserved.
Support
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Contact Us
Coming Soon
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Cookies Settings
Accept All Cookies
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Back Button
Performance Cookies
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label