Privacy Policy
We believe your privacy is important. In this policy we explain how we collect, use and disclose your personal information. By using or accessing projectbox.com or any of its associated apps, you are agreeing to the Project Box privacy policy.
We may collect personal information, including email addresses, when individuals register to use the Project Box website, apps, or services, post a list or comment to the Project Box website, submit questions, comments, or bug reports. We may also, at times, collect our users' IP addresses and information regarding our users' use of our website and services. We may use such IP addresses to help diagnose problems with our servers, track movement within our website and, if necessary, deny service in accordance with our Terms of Service. We may also collect information related to the referring URL, access times and browser type. Unless required by law, we will not share our users' personal information, IP addresses and usage information, except with their consent or in aggregate or anonymous form, with third parties.
In order to offer and provide optimized and personalized services, we use cookies to store and sometimes track information about our users. A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to a user's browser from a web server and is eventually stored on a user's computer hard drive.
Our services give you the opportunity to opt-in to receive communications from us. We will never automatically send you information/offers you do not want. You must choose to receive them.
When ordering items (such as Print & Ship photostrips from Pocketbooth) we will use the email you provide to send you order updates.
Project Box reserves the right to modify all or some of this Privacy Policy at any time without notice. If we change our Privacy Policy, we will post a notice on our website so our users are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We will use information only in accordance with the Privacy Policy under which the information was collected unless we have received explicit authorization from the appropriate user(s) to do otherwise.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this website or your dealings with Project Box, you can send an e-mail to privacy @ projectbox.com.
Effective Date: October 1, 2011