In this privacy statement, we explain what we do with the data we obtain about you via
https://www.bmwblog.com
. We recommend you carefully read this statement. In our processing we comply with the requirements of privacy legislation. That means, among other things, that:
we clearly state the purposes for which we process personal data. We do this by means of this privacy statement;
we aim to limit our collection of personal data to only the personal data required for legitimate purposes;
we first request your explicit consent to process your personal data in cases requiring your consent;
we take appropriate security measures to protect your personal data and also require this from parties that process personal data on our behalf;
we respect your right to access your personal data or have it corrected or deleted, at your request.
If you have any questions, or want to know exactly what data we keep of you, please contact us.
1. Purpose and categories of data
Categories of personal information to be collected and the purpose for which the categories shall be used.
1.1 We use your data for the following purpose:
Contact – Through phone, mail, email and/or webforms
The following categories of data is collected
A first and last name
An email address
Internet activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an Internet Web site, application, or advertisement
1.2 We use your data for the following purpose:
To sell data to Third Parties
The following categories of data is collected
Internet activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an Internet Web site, application, or advertisement
2. Sharing with other parties
We only share or disclose this data to other recipients for the following purposes:
Purpose of the data transfer:
Advertising
Country or state in which this third party is located:
USA
We disclose personal information if we are required by law or by a court order, in response to a law enforcement agency, to the extent permitted under other provisions of law, to provide information, or for an investigation on a matter related to public safety.
3. How we respond to Do Not Track signals
Our website does not respond to and does not support the Do Not Track (DNT) header request field.
4. Cookies
Our website uses cookies. For more information about cookies, please refer to our Cookie Policy on our
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
webpage.
We have concluded a data processing agreement with Google.
Google may not use the data for any other Google services.
The inclusion of full IP addresses is blocked by us.
5. Security
We are committed to the security of personal data. We take appropriate security measures to limit abuse of and unauthorized access to personal data. This ensures that only the necessary persons have access to your data, that access to the data is protected, and that our security measures are regularly reviewed.
6. Third party websites
This privacy statement does not apply to third party websites connected by links on our website. We cannot guarantee that these third parties handle your personal data in a reliable or secure manner. We recommend you read the privacy statements of these websites prior to making use of these websites.
7. Amendments to this privacy statement
We reserve the right to make amendments to this privacy statement. It is recommended that you consult this privacy statement regularly in order to be aware of any changes. In addition, we will actively inform you wherever possible.
8. Accessing and modifying your data
If you have any questions or want to know which personal data we have about you, please contact us. Please make sure to always clearly state who you are, so that we can be certain that we do not modify or delete any data of the wrong person. We shall provide the requested information only upon receipt of a verifiable consumer request. You can contact us by using the information below. You have the following rights:
8.1 Right to know what personal information is being collected about you
A consumer shall have the right to request that a business that collects personal information about the consumer disclose to the consumer the following:
The categories of personal information it has collected about that consumer.
The categories of sources from which the personal information is collected.
The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom the business shares personal information.
The specific pieces of personal information it has collected about that consumer.
8.2 The right to know whether personal information is sold or disclosed and to whom
A consumer shall have the right to request that a business that sells the consumer’s personal information, or that discloses it for a business purpose, disclose to that consumer:
The categories of personal information that the business collected about the consumer.
The categories of personal information that the business sold about the consumer and the categories of third parties to whom the personal information was sold, by category or categories of personal information for each third party to whom the personal information was sold.
The categories of personal information that the business disclosed about the consumer for a business purpose.
8.3 The Right to equal service and price, even if you exercise your privacy rights
We shall not discriminate against a consumer because the consumer exercised any of the consumer’s privacy rights, including, but not limited to, by:
Denying goods or services to the consumer.
Charging different prices or rates for goods or services, including through the use of discounts or other benefits or imposing penalties.
Providing a different level or quality of goods or services to the consumer, if the consumer exercises the consumer’s privacy rights.
Suggesting that the consumer will receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services. However, nothing prohibits us from charging a consumer a different price or rate, or from providing a different level or quality of goods or services to the consumer, if that difference is reasonably related to the value provided to the consumer by the consumer’s data.
8.4 The right to delete any personal information
A consumer shall have the right to request that a business delete any personal information about the consumer which the business has collected from the consumer.
A business that receives a verifiable request from a consumer to delete the consumer’s personal information pursuant to subdivision (a) of this section shall delete the consumer’s personal information from its records and direct any service providers to delete the consumer’s personal information from their records.
A business or a service provider shall not be required to comply with a consumer’s request to delete the consumer’s personal information if it is necessary for the business or service provider to maintain the consumer’s personal information in order to:
Complete the transaction for which the personal information was collected, provide a good or service requested by the consumer, or reasonably anticipated within the context of a business’s ongoing business relationship with the consumer, or otherwise perform a contract between the business and the consumer.
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity; or prosecute those responsible for that activity.
Debug to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
(Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise his or her right of free speech, or exercise another right provided for by law.
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act pursuant to Chapter 3.6 (commencing with Section 1546) of Title 12 of Part 2 of the Penal Code.
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the businesses’ deletion of the information is likely to render impossible or seriously impair the achievement of such research, if the consumer has provided informed consent.
To enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with the expectations of the consumer based on the consumer’s relationship with the business.
Comply with a legal obligation.
Otherwise use the consumer’s personal information, internally, in a lawful manner that is compatible with the context in which the consumer provided the information.
9. Right to opt out
You shall have the right, at any time, to direct us not to sell your personal information to a third party. For more information about the possibility of submitting an opt-out request, please refer to our
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
page.
10. Selling of personal data to third parties
A list of the categories of personal information we have sold to a third party in the preceding 12 months:
Internet activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an Internet Web site, application, or advertisement
A list of the categories we have disclosed for a business purpose in the preceding 12 months:
Internet activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an Internet Web site, application, or advertisement
11. Children
Our website is not designed to attract children and it is not our intent to collect personal data from children under the age of consent in their country of residence. We therefore request that children under the age of consent do not submit any personal data to us.
12. Contact details
iMedia Network Inc
2532 W Irving Park Rd
United States
Website:
https://www.bmwblog.com
Email:
privacy@bmwblog.com
Toll free phone number: 3128132722
Phone number: 3128132722
NOTICE TO EU, UK AND SWISS USERS
If you are a situated in the European Economic Area, United Kingdom or Switzerland and the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) or a similar law applies, as a data subject, you have the following rights:
Right to access – This right allows individuals to obtain confirmation as to whether or not
personal data concerning them is being processed and provide access to such personal
data. It also allows individuals to request details of the processing of their personal data
including, without limitation, categories of recipients to whom the personal data have
been or will be disclosed and purposes of processing.
Right to rectify – This right allows individuals to rectify any inaccurate personal data
about them.
Right to restrict processing – This right allows individuals to block or suppress processing
of personal data under certain circumstances.
Right to be forgotten – This right is also known as the “right to erasure”. It is an
individual’s right to have personal data erased or to prevent processing in specific
circumstances.
Right of data portability – This right allows individuals to move, copy or transfer personal
data from one place to another in a secure manner without interrupting the integrity
and usability of the information.
Right to object to processing – This right allows individuals to object to certain types of
processing, including direct marketing, profiling and providing for purposes of scientific
or historical research and statistics.
Withdrawing your consent:
If we are relying on your consent to process your personal data, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. To withdraw your consent at any time, please contacting us at
privacy@bmwblog.com
13.
ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURES FOR VIRGINIA RESIDENTS
If you are a Virginia resident, you have the following rights under Virginia law with respect to your personal information:
Right to Access
. You have the right to request what personal information we collect, which may include requests to obtain a copy of such information in a portable and readily usable format, in certain circumstances.
Right to Correct
. You have the right to request the correction of any of your personal information that you believe to be inaccurate.
Right to Delete
. You have the right to request the deletion of your personal information that is collected and maintained by us.
Right to Opt-Out
. You have the right to opt-out of our processing of your personal information for purposes of (i) targeted advertising, (ii) the sale of personal data, or (iii) profiling.
Right to Non-Discrimination
. You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for the exercise of the privacy rights described above.
As detailed elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, we do share personal information that is gathered when you visit our Service, such as cookies and pixels, with third parties for targeted advertising purposes.  You may opt-out of such sharing by following the instructions provided in Section 12 above.
Annex
Akismet
We collect information about visitors who comment on Sites that use our Akismet anti-spam service. The information we collect depends on how the User sets up Akismet for the Site, but typically includes the commenter’s IP address, user agent, referrer, and Site URL (along with other information directly provided by the commenter such as their name, username, email address, and the comment itself).
Connatix
Connatix provides advertising solutions to publishers and advertisers (the “
Solution
“). This Privacy Policy (the “
Policy
“) describes the privacy practices for the Website. It also describes the rights and options available to you with respect to your personal information.
https://www.connatix.com/privacy-policy/
Advanced Ads Pro
This website uses Advanced Ads Pro to place advertisements. The WordPress plugin may use multiple first-party cookies to ensure the correct integration of ads. These cookies store technical information but not IP addresses. Their use is linked to specific features and options when embedding ads.
Please, see the
Advanced Ads cookie information
for more details.
Analytics
The services contained in this section enable the website to monitor and analyze web traffic and can be used to keep track of User behavior.
Google Analytics (Google Inc.)
Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google utilizes the Data collected to track and examine the use of this Application, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services.
Google may use the Data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
Personal Data processed: Cookies; Usage Data.
Place of processing: US –
Privacy Policy
–
Opt Out
.
Quantcast Measure (Quantcast Corporation)
Quantcast Measure is an analytics service provided by Quantcast Corporation.
Personal Data processed: Cookies; Usage Data.
Place of processing: US –
Privacy Policy
–
Opt Out
.
Google Analytics Demographics and Interests reports (Google LLC)
Google Analytics Demographics and Interests reports is a Google Advertising Reporting feature that makes available demographic and interests Data inside Google Analytics for this Application (demographics means age and gender Data).
Users can opt out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting Google’s
Ads Settings
.
Personal Data processed: Cookies; unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example).
Place of processing: United States –
Privacy Policy
–
Opt Out
.
Content Commenting System
Content commenting services allow Users to make and publish their comments on the contents of this website. Depending on the settings chosen by the website, Users may also leave anonymous comments. If there is an email address among the Personal Data provided by the User, it may be used to send notifications of comments on the same content. Users are responsible for the content of their own comments. If a content commenting service provided by third parties is installed, it may still collect web traffic data for the pages where the comment service is installed, even when Users do not use the content commenting service.
Disqus (Disqus)
Disqus is a content commenting service provided by Big Heads Labs Inc.
Personal Data processed: Cookies; Usage Data; various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing: US –
Privacy Policy
–
Opt out
.
This type of service helps the Owner to manage the tags or scripts needed on this Application in a centralized fashion.
This results in the Users’ Data flowing through these services, potentially resulting in the retention of this Data.
Google Tag Manager (Google Inc.)
Google Tag Manager is a tag management service provided by Google LLC or by Google Ireland Limited, depending on how the website manages the Data processing.
Personal Data processed: Usage Data.
Place of processing: US –
Privacy Policy
.