Privacy Policy
Effective Date: November 26, 2019
1.
Identification of Data Controller.
For the purposes of this
privacy policy (“
Privacy Policy
”),
the “Data Controller” is
GameSpring CO.,
LTD.
registered at
23, Gangnam-daero
84-gil, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, Republic of Korea
. Subsequently, “We”, “Us” and
“Our” refer to the Data Controller.
This Privacy Policy applies to
usage of any of Our games, products, services content, including but not
limited to
http://www.dragonacecasino.com/
, and/or other domains or websites operated
by Us, hereafter referred to as our “Services”.
This Privacy Policy describes
how We collect, store, use, and disclose your personal information (hereafter
referred to as “personal data”) when providing Our Services to you.
Furthermore, this Privacy Policy also describes your rights and choices
concerning your personal information.
If you do not agree to this
policy, you are prohibited from using any of Our Services.
2.
The Information We Collect and How We
Collect it.
While using Our Services, you
may provide Us some of your personal information. We will store your
information in Our systems for the exclusive purpose described in this Privacy
Policy.
Personal information that may
be acquired by Us includes:
1.
Your
first and last name;
2.
Your
e-mail address;
3.
Your
nickname;
4.
Your
Facebook App ID;
5.
Your
device ID; and/or
6.
Your
encrypted password.
Additional information may be
requested for the purposes of securing your account and/or improving our
services.
Furthermore, We may also collect
the following non-personal information:
1.
Age;
2.
Gender;
3.
Location;
4.
Language;
5.
IP
address; and/or
6.
Information
about your hardware
We may also allow you to create
a public profile, which other users of Our Services may be able to see. Your public
profile may include the following information:
1.
Your
profile photo;
2.
Your
game nickname;
3.
Your
country of residence; and/or
4.
Details
about your game statistics.
2.1 Payment Information.
When you use any of our
Services that are connected to a third-party application or platform, for
example Apple, Google or Amazon, any monetary transaction “a purchase” that you
make will be processed by that third-party provider. You may be subject to that
third-party’s terms of service and/or that third-party’s privacy policy.
We do not receive any of your
financial information, however We may receive non-financial information related
to your transactions within Our Services, for example your name, your approximate
physical location, and the item or service that you purchased.
The information that We
receive is dependent on which Service you are using and which third-party provider
manages the transaction.
Our Terms of Service explain
our policies regarding charges, billing, third-party credit, and virtual
currencies. For more information, refer to our Terms of Service.
3.
How We Use Your Information.
We will use the information that
you provide to Us for the specific purposes for which you provided that
information, as stated at the time of collection. Hereunder are some of the
ways in which We may use your information:
1.
To
optimize and enhance Our Services and users experience;
2.
To create
your account, which will allow Us to identify you while you are using Our
Services;
3.
To
establish communication with you about the Services you’re using, including
updates, new Services, and promotional offers;
4.
To provide
technical support and respond to your inquiries;
5.
To protect
the safety and well-being of Our users;
6.
To protect
Our rights and property in connection with Our Services;
7.
To avert
any fraud or potentially illegal activities while you are using Our Services;
8.
To manage
rewards, contests, and/or other promotional activities;
9.
To conduct
research; and
10.
To enable user-to-user communication.
3.1 Third-Party Advertising.
We use advertising to be able
to offer some of our Services for free.
These advertisements may
include, without limitation, video ads, banner ads, and “offerwalls” in which third-party
advertisers may provide virtual currency or other in-game items to users in
exchange for completing a task.
The offers displayed within Our
Services are created and hosted by third-party providers, not by GameSpring.
We do not actively share
personal information that directly identifies you with third-party advertisers
for their direct marketing purposes, unless you have given Us your consent.
After clicking on a
third-party advertisement or offer, you may no longer be on a website/application
hosted by Us. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content
of those third-party services.
Activities related to
third-party advertisements within Our Services are subject to the terms of those
third-party companies’ privacy policies. We cannnot guarantee that the privacy
policies of other third-party companies will have the the same terms and
conditions as Our Privacy Policy. In the use of third-party provided services,
it is your responsibility to review and understand all relevant policies.
4.
How Long Do We Store Your Personal
Information.
The period for which We will
retain your personal information is dependent on the reason for which it has
been collected.
We will never
retain your personal information for longer than is required to provide you
with Our Services or to meet our legal obligations or to exercise, defend and
protect Our rights, whichever is longest.
The Personal information that
associates you with an account and/or any of Our Services will be retained for
at least as long as you have an active account with Us.
In the event you ask us to
delete or close your account, We will take all reasonable measures to delete
your personal information from Our servers. Nonetheless, We may keep some of
your personal information where it is necessary to allow Us to meet our legal
obligations or to exercise, defend and protect Our rights.
5.
Use of Social Media.
If you access any of Our
Services through Social Media (for example Facebook or Twitter), We may receive
certain information about you. The information We receive is determined by each
particular platform and the consent that you have provided to them.
It is your responsibility to review
and understand the third-party’s terms of services and their privacy policy.
6.
Security Measures for Your Information.
We implement all recommended
industry practices in security measures to protect your personal information.
We take all reasonable actions to prevent any unauthorized access or use of your
personal information.
However, we cannot guarantee
that hacking, data loss, unauthorized access or any other type of breach will
never occur. Any transmission of information is done at your own risk.
7.
Policy Regarding Children.
The safety and privacy of
children is of paramount importance to us. Our Services are not intended for
nor directed at users under the age of 17 (the “Children”). We will never
knowingly collect or solicit information from any Children. Children are
prohibited from using any of Our Services.
Parents or guardians that
believe that We do hold information about their Children should contact Us
at
privacy@gamespring.co.kr
.
8.
Your Rights.
Your rights include, but are
not limited to:
1.
Requesting
access to your personal information;
2.
Updating,
correcting, or erasing your personal information;
3.
Requesting
the deletion of all of your personal information;
4.
Consenting
to the processing of your personal information, where applicable;
To exercise any of your
rights please submit a request to
privacy@gamespring.co.kr
.
You may be required to provide particular
forms of proof of identity in order that We do not disclose personal data to
those that are not entitled to it.
When you request the
elimination of your personal information, We will only retain information that
is subject to the terms described in section 4 “How Long do We Store Your
Personal Information.”
9.
Changes to the Privacy Policy.
From time to time, it may be
necessary for us to ammend our Privacy Policy. We will post any changes to Our
websites, and We will update the date at the top of the Privacy Policy.
The amended Privacy Policy
will be effective upon posting on any of our Services.
We highly recommend you to often
visit Our websites to review Our Privacy Policy.
If you continue to use Our
Services following an amendment to Our Privacy Policy, that usage constitutes
and agreement to and acceptance of the terms of that revised Privacy Policy.
10. Compliance with the
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
If you are a user using Our
Services in the European Union or in the European Economic Area, please read
carefully the terms and conditions in this Section.
We strive for strict compliance
with the applicable terms and conditions in the European Union’s General Data
Protection Regulation (hereinafter “GDPR”).
Our definition of Personal
Data (hereafter the “Personal Data”) found in this section is in concordance to
the definition contained in Article 4 of the GDPR. We will process your
Personal Data in accordance with the applicable terms of the GDPR.
We will collect your Personal
Data only with the purpose of providing Our Services and, once achieving the
purpose of the collection of the Personal Data, We will use all reasonable
effort to immediately and promptly delete all your Personal Data.
As set out in the GDPR, the
requests you can make to Us can include:
1.
The deletion
of your Personal Data;
2.
The limitation
of the usage of your Personal Data;
3.
The correction
of your Personal Data; or
4.
Any other
actions allowed to you under the terms of the GDPR.
Upon your request, We will to
the best of our ability promptly respond to your inquiry in accordance with the
applicable provisions in the GDPR.
For more information about
the personal data we process, or if you wish to exercise any of your rights,
please send Us a request by email at
privacy@gamespring.co.kr
.
11. Contact Us.
If you have any comments,
questions or concerns regarding your privacy or this Privacy Policy, please
send us a message at
privacy@gamespring.co.kr
.
For all other matters, please
contact GameSpring through
support@gamespring.co.kr
or by physical mail to GAMESPRING CO., LTD., 23,
Gangnam-daero 84-gil, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, Republic of Korea.