Privacy Policy.
En
/
Ru
1.0 Face Data.
1.1 Doodle Mirror App face detection algorithms used within the processing of your images are not able to identify a specific person and,
therefore, generally cannot be considered as collecting biometric information.
1.2 We don’t share and store face data.
1.3 The data is processed only while using face detection related filters & effects.
2.0 Collecting user information.
2.1 We do not collect facial data and not share data with third parties.
2.2 All data that the user produces in the application is stored only in the application and is not sent to third parties.
2.3 To display personalized ads, the AdMob service may collect the following data:
- IP address, which may be used to estimate the general location of a device.
- Non-user related crash logs, which may be used to diagnose problems and improve the SDK. Diagnostic information may also be used for advertising and analytics purposes.
- User-associated performance data such as app launch time, hang rate, or energy usage, which may be used to evaluate user behavior, understand the effectiveness of existing product features,
and plan new features. Performance data may also be used for displaying ads, including sharing with other entities that display ads.
- A Device ID such as the device's advertising identifier or other app-bounded device identifiers, which may be used for the purpose of third-party advertising and analytics.
- Advertising data, such as advertisements the user has seen, may be used to power analytics and advertising features.
- Other user product interactions like app launch taps, and interaction information, like video views, may be used to improve advertising performance.
For more information and in order to understand AdMob use of data and collected information, please visit the Privacy Policy of Google: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
For more information on AdMob Partners, please visit: https://support.google.com/admob/answer/9012903
For more information on how to opt-out from AdMob, please visit: https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=en
3.0 Children’s Privacy
3.1 These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect
personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a
child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from
our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us
with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
4.0 Changes to This Privacy Policy
4.1 We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this
page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new
Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on
this page.
5.0 Contact Us.
5.1 If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at privacy@trendl.org.
- The use of cookies or other local storage where legally required,
  the collection, sharing, and use of personal data for personalization of ads:

	We do not use cookies and other local storages. Additionally, we do not collect any data and do not share them with others.