×
Riseup Labs
IT Services, Technology Solutions & Digital Transformation
Diving Into Technology
Riseup Labs is an
ISO 9001 & 27001 certified
next-generation global IT service and technology solution provider company that helps enterprises reimagine their business and navigate their digital transformation.
Services
Portfolio
Trusted
Clients and Partners
As a leading information technology company, we are proud to partner with businesses, companies, service providers, corporations, government agencies, etc. Please take a look at some of the leading businesses and organizations that have already partnered with Riseup Labs.
We harness the power of Web 3.0,
automation
,
analytics
,
IoT
,
cloud
, and emerging technologies to
design
&
develop
innovative, intelligent, and sustainable technology solutions and services. As an IT service provider and software company, we discover ideas and connect the dots to create a better and bold new future.
Next-Generation Global Technology Company|                      Rise Next with New Possibilities|                      Change, Transform, Innovate, Scale|                      Technology Solutions for Today & Tomorrow|                      Getting Businesses to the Future, Faster|                      Re-invent Future Business Opportunities|
Riseup Labs in a Minute
Are you ready to get a remarkably better IT services and support experience from a globally trusted IT and technology solutions provider? Riseup Labs is more than that. It is growing continuously in the highly competitive technology sector while providing seamless, cost-effective, and integrated solutions. The ultimate strength of Riseup Labs is using a unique combination of industry intelligence and the best resources to bring real business results. Meet us and get a complete overview of Riseup Labs in a Minute.
Explore More
Results You Can Trust
Delivering IT Solutions Globally
Riseup Labs deliver results to keep our clients stay ahead while building a sustainable and stress-free IT environment. Our IT experts consistently provide user-centric IT solutions tailored to the company's demands by employing the newest and most popular technologies. For over 13 years, we have helped global clients to increase conversions, sales, and engagement. Have a look at the numbers you can trust!
13
+
Years
30
+
Countries
700
+
Projects
100
+
Clients
Explore Our Offerings
Our Client-centric Engagement Model defines how we engage with clients and offer specialized services and solutions that meet the distinct needs of their businesses. To offer enterprises the maximum benefit of technologies, Riseup Labs offers an integrated portfolio of products, technology solutions and services through four different segments. These are
Consulting & Design
(CD),
Engineering & Development
(ED),
Managed Services
(MS),
BPO Services
, and
R&D Services
(RD). Explore the offerings of IT services company Riseup Labs and match your problems to find the ultimate technology solutions.
Consulting and Design
Providing Complete Customized Consulting and Design Services.
Technology solutions provider company Riseup Labs provide consultation to design solutions to your problems. We make organizations more innovative and agile by fulfilling buyers' needs and co-creating breakthrough products and services.
Core Benefits of our Consulting and Design Services:
Define strategies for digital transformation and intelligent automation
Upgrade or modernize existing systems using the latest technologies
Re-define user experiences through design thinking
The business will benefit from an innovative and holistic IT investment that reduces risk and boosts ROI from our proactive and comprehensive design and consulting services.
Consulting & Design Services
Engineering & Development
Digitizing Business Processes with Complete Engineering & Development Services.
Technology solutions provider company Riseup Labs provides future-ready software products and systems through agile software Engineering and Development services. We harness the power of
IoT
automation, AI, ML & Analytics to scale-up businesses. Our immersive
AR, VR, MR
& Gaming solutions are for giving your customers the best possible immersive experiences.
Core Benefits of our Engineering & Development Services:
Create future-ready software products and systems, from ideation to deployment
Increase operational resiliency and scale business with IoT, automation, AI, ML & Analytics
Safeguard applications by deploying to the cloud with strong cybersecurity
Bring immersive customer experiences using AR, VR, MR & gaming technologies
Your business will benefit by working with us closely in the whole software engineering and development lifecycle. So, create, adapt, and thrive in your business with Riseup Labs' Engineering and Development Services.
Engineering & Development Services
Managed Services
Delivering Globally Scalable Managed Services with a Digitally Enhanced Experience.
Managed Service Provider (MSP)
Riseup Labs delivers end-to-end support and remote management services, such as network, application, infrastructure and security. Our pure-play
managed services
ensure an inside look at operations, consumer experiences, and cooperative innovation, meeting the challenges of tomorrow.
Core Benefits of our Managed Services:
Ensure uninterrupted system & infrastructure services for business continuity through resilient, reliable & predictable operations
Prevent, detect and respond to cyber threats through continuous monitoring and quick response
Increase quality and improve experience by solving issues & bugs through continuous QA & testing
Save time & money by outsourcing business IT processes & operations; only focus on your core business operations
Hire remote IT experts in short-term and long-term basis who will work as your own team
Your business will benefit by working with one of the top MSP Riseup Labs. We will help you discover the powers and capabilities of your assets.
Managed Services
BPO Services
Unlocking Global Efficiency with Streamlined BPO Services & Solutions.
Riseup Labs liberates businesses from the burden of non-core tasks, enabling them to achieve global scalability and cost optimization through our comprehensive Business Process Outsourcing (BPO) services. We act as an extension of your team, handling these tasks with expertise and efficiency, allowing you to focus on strategic initiatives.
Core Benefits of our BPO Services:
Free up internal resources and streamline operations by delegating administrative, back-office, and customer support functions
Scale your workforce up or down seamlessly based on business needs
Reduce overhead expenses associated with in-house staffing and infrastructure
Get a predictable cost structure that allows for better budgeting and financial control
Leverage our international talent pool to access a broader range of skills and cultural understanding
Benefit from our ongoing process optimization efforts and adoption of best practices
Secure infrastructure and commitment to industry regulations
Partner with Riseup Labs and achieve operational excellence. We offer a customized approach tailored to your specific needs and industry. Focus on what matters most while we handle the rest.
BPO Services
R&D Services
Creating Next-Gen Experience to Innovate in Future Technology through R&D Services.
Riseup Labs provide R&D Services and help set up remote
R&D centers
to create and innovate new technology solutions to drive digital transformation. Our engineers are prepared to provide solutions that will advance your position at the top of your sector.
Core Benefits of our R&D Services:
Create a remote R&D center to accelerate the pace of innovation using world-class talents
Accelerate engineering across the product and platform ecosystem through R&D using latest technologies
Invest in R&D to innovate next-generation product lines to increase market share in fast changing product markets
Introduce the concept of Industry 4.0 and bring whole technological revolution through in-depth & practical R&D
Renew your focus on engineering innovation through flexible business partnership models: outcome-based models, risk-reward & co-innovation
Your business will benefit by getting R&D services from Riseup Labs. We will help you set up remote R&D centers for software research and development operations.
R&D Services
Success Stories
The success of Riseup Labs is achieved through commitment and uncompromised quality. Read behind the story of our success.
Success Story
Transforming Education: UAT-3 Success for “Let Us Learn”...
Read Insight
Success Story
Successful Completion of UAT-2 for “Let Us Learn”...
Read Insight
Success Story
Spark Infrastructure Ltd. – Success Story
Read Insight
Success Story
e-Learning Platform for European Students – Success Story
Read Insight
Success Story
Crazy Slots Game – Success Story
Read Insight
Success Story
IVA Validation & Monitoring System – Success Story
Read Insight
Success Story
Out of School Children in BD – Success...
Read Insight
Success Story
Game Plan – Success Story
Read Insight
Success Story
World’s Fastest Drummer Game Released
Read Insight
Success Story
Emporia Apps Benefit Disabled People with Learning &...
Read Insight
Success Story
U-Report App Benefits 68 Countries’ 11M+ Adolescents
Read Insight
Success Story
UNICEF’s Adolescent Nutrition Central Reporting System Developed by...
Read Insight
Swipe Left
Swipe Right
Why Work with Riseup Labs?
Become a partner of a top IT services and technology solutions provider company who partner with enterprises to simplify, strengthen and transform their business.
Manage Every Part of Your IT Operation
Riseup Labs' managed IT services will keep your IT infrastructure stable and scalable. We offer cost-effective solutions to manage your IT infrastructure and software. Outsource key IT operations and avoid hiring full-time IT staff. Get IT consulting, management and support from Riseup Labs.
Advancing Your Business Technology
Client's satisfaction and convenience are most important for us. From idea generation to implementation, our complete product development approach means more compatibility and less risk. Handle every aspect of digital product development to turn your insight and intelligence into ample reward.
Having A Proactive and Proficient Team
Riseup Labs provides you with the best technological solutions. Our fast and well-distributed structure enables us to recruit the most brilliant talents across the country. Each of our projects is also fully allocated to a highly skilled team leader to speed up the process of product development.
Aligning with the Advanced Tech Industry
We always keep ourselves up-to-date with the latest and widely used tools and technologies across the world to develop the best quality product for you. Skilled teams at Riseup Labs are passionate about implementing them with updated methodologies for tackling upcoming challenges.
Creating Human-Centered Designs
Riseup Labs deeply focuses on customer insights to create a tailored User Interface and User Experience for the target audience. Our experts follow the standards of a Human-centered design approach to design and develop products to fulfill client's expectations and satisfy the needs of users.
Speeding Up Your Business's Success
To make "you" more successful is our key to business. We always ensure that your needs come first. As one of the major creators and publishers in the market we have released many successful products and become a trusted partner of our clients. By delivering you customized solutions we want to be a part of your success.
Let's Work Together
Awards and Recognitions
Riseup Labs deliver industry-standard technology solutions globally. We help enterprises navigate digital transformation through next-generation IT services and technology solutions. Our commitment and top-notch quality helped us bring success to our clients. Thus, we achieved many awards and recognitions from popular organizations and platforms. See our
awards and recognitions
below.
Winner
ASOCIO DX Award 2024
Winner
Digital Bangladesh Award 2022
Champion
National Mobile Application Award
Tap Tap Ants: Battlefield
Winner
The Global Economic Award 2022
Business Excellence
The Bizz Hybrid Award
Gold Winner
Indigo Design Award
Meena Game 2 (3D version) – UNICEF Bangladesh
Winner
Clutch Global Award 2023
Top Company
Top Mobile App Development Company
Winner
UpCity 2023 Local Excellence Award
Best of New York
UpCity Best of New York Winner 2022
Winner
Bangladesh Gaming Expo 2017
Most Reviewed Company
The Manifest Award for Web Developer Company
Most Reviewed Company
The Manifest Award for Digital Marketing Company
Most Reviewed Company
The Manifest Award for Digital Design Company
Most Reviewed Company
The Manifest Award for Design Company
Most Enriching for Kids
Teacher Approved Badge
Meena Game 2 (3D version) – UNICEF Bangladesh
Winner
Best Internet Content for Children Award
Fastest Growing Mobile App Developer
Fastest Growing Mobile App Developers 2022
Best Company
Best Game Development Company
Leading B2B Provider
Top B2B Company Award 2021
Leading Game Developer
Top Game Development Company Award
Leading Firm of 2021
Top Mobile Game Developers 2021
Top B2B Company
Top B2B Service Providers
Top Developer Company
Top Software Developer Award
We are Featured on
Riseup Labs is a national award-winning next-generation global IT service and technology solution provider company. Our creative and innovative works have been featured in multiple local and global (offline and online) TV channels, newspapers, magazines, TV channels, and other popular platforms! We are grateful for the
recognition
.
Words from Our
Clients
As a strategic partner to our clients across different industries, we help them deliver their business goals and drive technology-led transformations. Our clients across the world have achieved significant business results using our world-class solutions and have recognized us for our efforts. Know more about our
client's experience
with us:
Game development can be a fast paced and highly demanding task. It is even more so if the name of the game is ‘World’s Fastest Drummer’.  Riseup Labs not only met all these demands milestones and timelines, but exceeded my expectations in every way. I cherish our long term relationship with Riseup Labs and given the chance I know you will too! Riseup and Speed ON!
Boo McAfee
CEO
,
McAfee Enterprises Inc.
Our journey towards refining our digital presence led us to Riseup Labs, a partner renowned for their meticulous attention to detail and unparalleled expertise in web development. We chose Riseup Labs because of their impressive track record in delivering advanced web solutions that are both aesthetic and functional.
Md. Farid Uddin Sarker (Shawon)
HR & Admin
,
Spark Infrastructure Ltd.
From the initial stages of requirement gathering to the final delivery, Riseup Labs has shown great dedication and responsiveness. Their ability to understand our vision and handle the project by ensuring those needs and concerns is outstanding.
Raihan Ahmed Dip
Data Coordinator
,
ATEC Australia-International Limited
Offering thorough technical support and engaged collaboration in different activities, Riseup Labs worked as a committed partner.
Ariful Hasan-Opu
CEO
,
E-Soft
Riseup Labs simplified a complex process and delivered a product worth the investment.
Sabbir Azam
Curator
,
Habson Communication Ltd
Have really appreciated working with Riseup Labs. They make gorgeous products, provide dependable service, and fast to answer questions.
Habib Rahman
Curator
,
Habson Communication Ltd
Riseup Labs helped us to develop Crick Live app and they also provided us with necessary details that were required for us to successfully execute our project. The developer team was very helpful and they provided us the professional backup.
Rafayel Khan
Grantor
,
Crick Live
Overall, I am very satisfied with the company and intent to grow my relationship with it. The things I like about the company are their reliability, flexibility, and consistent, prompt and reliable communication. Besides, the team is very good.
Oliver Reed
CEO
Previous
Next
Transform
Your Business Digitally
We care to drive innovation globally with technology. So, Change, Transform, Innovate and Scale your business with Riseup Labs to expand globally.
Work with Riseup Labs
Industries We Serve
With over a decade of experience as an information technology service provider company, we have completed many projects for our clients in nearly every industry. Including the following:
Finance & Banking
E-commerce
Telco
Real Estate
Software
Health & Fitness
Food & Drink
Music
Medical
Pharmaceutical
Automotive
Education
Travel
Entertainment
Retail
Business
Photo & Video
Non-Profit
Startup
AR/VR
Furniture
Technologies We Work With
Riseup Labs uses the most dependable and cutting-edge technologies to develop and perform the whole operation.
Mobile
Front-end
Back-end
Database
CMS
Tools
Integrations
Cloud
DevOps
iOS
Android
Flutter
Objective-C
C#
C++
Swift
Ionic
Kotlin
Augmented Reality
Virtual Reality
React Native
Angular
VueJS
HTML
Bootstrap
MEAN
TypeScript
ASP.NET
CSS
ReactJs
jQuery
JavaScript
Java
Laravel
PHP
ASP.NET MVC
Django
Node.js
Codeigniter
Koa.js
Flask
Express.js
GraphQL
MySQL
Apache
Firebase
SQLite
Oracle
Microsoft SQL Server
Amazon DynamoDB
MongoDB
Apache CouchDB
PostgreSQL
Couchbase
RavenDB
WordPress
3DS Max
Autodesk Maya
Blender
Motion Builder
Sublime Text
XAMPP
Firebase
Retrofit
RapidPro
MVVM
PortWallet
Angaza
HubSpot
Xero
bKash
AWS
Amazon EC2
Amazon S3
Amazon Route 53
CI/CD
GitHub
Future-focused Services offered by Riseup Labs
Tired of wasting time searching for the right service?
We make it easy!
Explore a list of curated services
that match your needs and get you on your way to achieving your goals
in no time
.
Automation, AI & ML
Cybersecurity
Internet of Things (IoT)
Blockchain
AR, VR, MR, & Metaverse
Robotic Process Automation (RPA)
Digital Transformation
Cloud Infrastructure
Data & Analytics
Design-Build-Sustain : Mode 1-2-3 Strategy
Riseup Labs works through Mode 1-2-3 Strategy, which is Design-Build-Sustain. We believe anything well designed can be developed amazingly. Our team cover all from development to deployment and ensure extended product life to enhance revenue.
Design
The first step after the idea is design. Right designs add confidence to your product and brand. Riseup Labs help clients develop a clear product strategy by combining design, industry and technology expertise that unify business and technology architectures to drive business results and outcomes.
Build
We at Riseup Labs, build software and applications for product and platform companies by adopting digital transformation and product engineering approach. Our applications are built in such a way that they are future ready, able to rapidly get to the market and are cost-effective.
Sustain
We handle product improvement, customization, and integration as part of our managed services. Our support services assist clients in extending the usability of their core products while also enhancing performance, marketability, and profitability.
See How we Work
Award-winning IT Services Company Since 2009
Riseup Labs is an
ISO 9001 & 27001 certified
next-generation global IT service and technology solution provider company focusing mostly on the Web, Mobile, XR, and Simulator technologies. We have started our journey with Tap Tap Ants' success, which has millions of downloads in the App Store and received the top-ranking position worldwide.
We have been in business since 2009 and have become major creators and publishers in the market by releasing many successful products for brands like UNICEF Bangladesh, Robi Axiata Limited, BBC Media Action, Ministry of Women and Children Affairs (MOWCA), and Information and Communication Technology (ICT) Division.
We have developed the "1952" app, a history-based educational Augmented Reality (AR) app on the Language Movement of 21st February of 1952 and a VR experience based on the historic 7th March speech of Bangabandhu Sheikh Mujibur Rahman of 1971 at the Racecourse Ground.
As a Long-Term Agreement (LTA) partner of UNICEF Bangladesh, Riseup Labs has developed and is still working on many projects. Such as Digital Platform for Adolescents, Meena Media Award Online Management System, UNICEF Volunteer Registration and Management System, and Meena Game 2 for Newborn Care.
Read Our History
+
Ready to Start the Journey with Riseup Labs?
How can we help you?
Trusted by
Global BPO Service
Hire IT Experts
Project Outsource
Partnership
Career & Jobs
Press Enquiry
—Please choose an option—
Global BPO Service
Hire IT Experts
Project Outsource
Partnership
Your name
*
Email
*
Mobile phone
*
Company name
Company website
Number of staff required
*
Briefly describe your requirements
*
Thank you for filling out our contact form.
A Riseup Labs representative will contact you shortly.
You can also schedule a meeting with Riseup Labs team:
If you have anything emergency or urgent, you can also reach us immediately at:
+88-0175-974-7387
Whatsapp
Skype
By using this website, you agree to our
Cookie Policy
Privacy & Cookies Policy
Close
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.