Contact Us
Sign In
Post Free Ads
Search
Mobile
Social
My Account
Toronto Rentals
Ottawa Rentals
Edmonton Rentals
Vancouver Rentals
Montreal Rentals
more cities
SHARE
Share with Friends
Share
Pinterest
Reddit
Email
Linked In
Tumblr
See also:
Toronto Apartments for Rent
Vancouver Apartments for Rent
Ottawa Apartments for Rent
Calgary Apartments for Rent
London Apartments for Rent
Edmonton Apartments for Rent
FAQ
Resources
Tenant tips
Landlord tips
Privacy
Terms Of Use
RentCompass Inc. ("RentCompass", "the web site" "us," "we," or "our") is committed to
    protecting the privacy of users ("user", "you" or "your") of its site
    ("Site"). The RentCompass Privacy Policy is designed to assist you in
    understanding how we collect, use and safeguard the information you provide
    to us and to assist you in making informed decisions when using our Site.
    This Privacy Policy will be continuously assessed against new technologies
    and business practices. This Privacy Policy applies to this Site and governs
    data collection and usage at this Site. Please read it in its entirety.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH OUR PRIVACY POLICY, THEN DO NOT USE THIS SITE.
Use of Cookies
RentCompass uses a browser feature called a "cookie" to collect
    information and track user patterns on RentCompass websites. A cookie
    is a small text file that is placed on your hard disk by a website.
    "Cookies" contain a unique identification number that identifies your
    browser, but not you, to our computers each time you visit one of our
    websites. Cookies tell us which pages of our websites are visited and by how
    many people.
The use of cookies is an industry standard and many major browsers are
    initially set up to accept them. You can reset your browser to either refuse
    to accept all cookies or to notify you when you have received a cookie.
    However, if you refuse to accept cookies, you may not be able to use some of
    the features available on our websites. Third-party advertising networks
    that serve Internet advertisements to users of the Site may use cookies or
    other technology in their advertisements to collect certain information from
    you. While we hope that all third parties involved adhere to our policies
    regarding the privacy of our users, this Privacy Policy does not cover
    third-party data collection practices and the Company does not assume any
    responsibility for any actions of third parties.
Types of Information Collected
Through the use of cookie technology or otherwise, we may track and collect
    information about your computer and software when you visit this Site. This
    information can include: (i) your IP address; (ii) domain server; (iii) type
    of computer; (iv) type of web browser; (v) access times; and (vi) referring
    web sites addresses (collectively "Traffic Data"). Traffic Data is anonymous
    information that does not personally identify you. Traffic Data assists us
    to design and arrange our web pages in the user-friendliest manner and to
    continually improve our Site to better meet the needs of users.
In order for you to access certain features of the Site, we may require you
    to provide us with certain data, such as your e-mail address ("Contact
    Data").
You may choose not to provide us with any Contact Data. In such an event,
    you can still access and use much of the Site. You, however, will not be
    able to access and use those portions of the Site that require your Contact
    Data
Uses and Sharing of Information Collected
In general, we will only use Contact Data for the purpose for which such
    information was provided to us. We may also use Contact Data to send you
    information about our products or services or promotional material from some
    of our business partners, or to contact you when necessary. You may opt-out
    of receiving future communications from our website by sending us an e-mail
    at
opt-out@rentcompass.com
.
We may use Traffic Data to analyze trends, administer the Site, track user's
    movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. We may
    provide Traffic Data and/or other aggregate non-personally identifying
    information to third parties.
Except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy, we will keep your
    Contact Data private and will not share it with third parties, unless such
    disclosure is necessary to: (a) comply with legal process (such as a court
    order) or other legal requirements of any governmental authority; (b)
    protect our rights or property; (c) enforce our Site's
Terms
    of use
incorporated herein by reference; (d) protect the interest of
    users of the Site, other than you, or any other person; or (e) operate or
    conduct maintenance and repair of our services or equipment, as authorized
    by law.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, we may transfer, sell or assign information
    concerning your use of this Site, including without limitation, Contact
    Data, to third parties, as a result of the sale, merger, consolidation,
    change in control, transfer of substantial assets, reorganization or
    liquidation of the web site.
Your Choices
You can change your property records and details information - subject to
    approval by the moderator - including contact information, property images,
    property details, and location at any time in the "My Property" service. You
    may delete, list or park your property posts at any time.
If you delete your property postings, we will remove all listings from
    public view, however due to the way we maintain this service, residual
    copies of your account information, and other information associated with
    your account may remain on back-up media.
Security
RentCompass is committed to protecting your privacy. Security
    measures, such as restricted access and the use of passwords and encryption
    have been adopted to protect your personal information against loss or
    theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or
    modification.
Links
This Site contains links to third-party web sites. These links are provided
    solely as a convenience to you and not as an endorsement by the Company of
    the contents on such third party web sites. The Company is not responsible
    for the privacy practices or content of linked third party sites and does
    not make any warranty or representation regarding the content or accuracy of
    materials on such sites. Nor does the Company make any warranty or
    representation regarding, nor does it endorse, any linked third-party web
    sites or the information appearing thereon or any of the products or
    services described thereon. Links do not imply that the this Site sponsors,
    endorses, is affiliated or associated with, or is legally authorized to use
    any trademark, trade name, logo or copyright symbol displayed in or
    accessible through the links. If you decide to access linked third party web
    sites, you do so at your own risk
Notifications of Changes
We may change our Privacy Policy at any time by updating this posting.
    Changes to our Privacy Policy will be effective when posted. If at any point
    we decide to use Contact Data in a manner different from that stated at the
    time it was collected, we will notify users by e-mail. Users will have a
    choice as to whether or not we use their Contact Data in this different
    manner, if they choose not to, we might not be able to continue providing
    the service to the that user. Unless otherwise agreed, we will use Contact
    Data in accordance with the Privacy Policy under which the information was
    collected.
Acceptance of Privacy Policy
By using the Site, you signify your assent to our Privacy Policy. If you do
    not agree with this Privacy Policy, please do not use our Site. Your
    continued use of this Site following posting of changes to these terms will
    mean you accept those changes
Contact Us
If you have any questions regarding our Privacy Policy, you can contact our Privacy Compliance Officer at
https://www.rentcompass.com/ContactUs
.
Copyright © 2025 RentCompass Inc. All rights reserved.
FAQ
Terms of Use and Privacy Policy