Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
About Us
At Bob Books Publications, LLC. (“Bob Books”), we respect the privacy of our visitors. We NEVER EVER sell your information to third parties. If we collect data, i.e. email addresses when you opt-in for the Bob Books Club, we keep your information private. We do not collect information from children. Parents who would like to know more about our data privacy practices can contact us here
info@bobbooks.com
.
The following statement spells out our privacy policy in more detail. The policy applies to www.bobbooks.com and The Bob Books series of apps. Our website is for parents and adults and our apps are directed at children with parent supervision. We take privacy seriously at Bob Books and this policy is designed to tell you what information we collect and how we use it.
We last updated this policy on November 11, 2023. Please review this policy from time to time as we may make changes. If there are any changes to this policy in the future, that information will be posted here. You will be notified at the email address you provided or by a notice on our site of any material changes made to this policy. If you have any questions please contact us at
info@bobbooks.com
.
What Kind of Information is collected?
There are two types of data that websites and apps can collect about their users. The first one is called personal data. This is personally identifiable information that identifies a user as an individual. Bob Books does not collect any information from children. There are no push notifications in our apps and we do not collect geolocation information. We may collect personal information that parents voluntarily provide on the website, such as signing up for the Bob Books Club Newsletter or purchasing books, apps or other materials from our website.
The second type is non personal data which doesn’t directly identify an individual. Bob Books may collect non personal information about the use of the website and apps to help us improve our services.
Bob Books apps do not:
Sell or rent personal information to third parties.
Share personal information for third-party marketing.
Display personalized advertising.
Allow data collected by third-parties to be used for their own purposes.
Track or target advertisements on other third-party websites or services.
Create and use data profiles for personalized advertisements.
The Bob Books Club
The Bob Books Club is an opt-in newsletter membership for parents. When you sign up for the Bob Books Club, we retain your name and email address solely for the purpose of sending you emails on a semi-regular basis (about once per month) with news, special offers, discounts and more.
We do not share the information that you provide us with any third parties. Your information is kept private and used only for the purpose of sending you our e-newsletter. You may cancel your membership at any time by clicking the link at the bottom of the newsletter, or emailing
info@BobBooks.com
.
Letters and Pictures
Bob Books does not seek personal information from children. If you choose to send us letters or pictures regarding your child’s reading success with Bob Books, we may share this information on our website or via our social media platforms. If we show a photo or video of your child, we will share first name only. Because we value your privacy, and the privacy of your children, we will keep any other information you provide confidential, unless we have your express permission. We do not store any information that you give us when taking our Bookfinder Quiz.
Please note that if a parent posts personal information about themselves or their children in a community forum or blog in the parent section, or on a social media site such as Facebook, Pinterest or Twitter , in addition to being collected, this data is made public for others to see. The parent is responsible for disclosing this data.
Sweepstakes and Prizes
If you enter any sweepstakes that Bob Books promotes through our parent directed website or social media platforms, we may collect data from you for the purpose of notifying you if you win. In the event that you win a prize, we may share this information with our publisher, Scholastic. This information will be shared only for the purpose of mailing your prize to you. We may also collect similar data for the purpose of sending materials for review. We do not share or sell this information with any other parties.
To find out more about Scholastic click here:
http://www.scholastic.com/privacy.htm
Kids Privacy Assured by PRIVO: COPPA Safe Harbor Certification
Bob Books Publications, LLC is a member of the PRIVO Kids Privacy Assured COPPA Safe Harbor Certification Program (“the Program”). The Program certification applies to the digital properties listed on the validation page that is viewable by clicking on the PRIVO Seal. PRIVO is an independent, third-party organization committed to safeguarding children’s personal information collected online. The PRIVO COPPA certification Seal posted on this page indicates Bob Books Publications, LLC has established COPPA compliant privacy practices and has agreed to submit to PRIVO’s oversight and consumer dispute resolution process.If you have questions or concerns about our privacy practices, please contact us at
info@bobbooks.com
. If you have further concerns after you have contacted us, you can contact PRIVO directly at
privacy@privo.com
.
More about Non-Personal Data
Our Use Of “Cookies”
Bob Books may place an electronic “cookie” in the browser files of a guest’s computer. Cookies are pieces of information that a website transfers to an individual’s computer hard drive for record-keeping purposes. Cookies themselves do not enable us to access any personal information about our visitors; however, they do allow Bob Books to analyse guests’ use of our sites. This analysis helps us better understand which areas of our sites are most useful and popular so we can plan improvements and updates accordingly. Bob Books does not use cookies to retrieve information from a visitor’s computer that was not originally sent in a cookie.
To help us provide you with the best service we work with third party analytics providers called Firebase, Google Analytics and Appfigures. These companies help us to better understand your use of the site and apps. In association with Google Analytics and Firebase we may collect your unique device identifier, IP address, mobile phone carrier, game progress, time spent playing and achievements.  These third party service providers are restricted from sharing your user data. For more information on Google Analytics and Firebase please review the Google privacy policy:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
For more information on Appfigures, please see their privacy policy:
https://appfigures.com/privacy
We use Unity3D, a cross platform game engine to develop our mobile applications. For more information on Unity3D, please review the privacy policy:
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
This information is for internal use only and is not shared with any other third parties. It’s just for us to help us improve our services for you. We may use cookies and web beacons to help deliver our services and to analyze it, as such by counting the number of times a page has been viewed.
We may disclose your personal information if required by law or in the event of a company sale or proposed change of ownership. We may also disclose it to protect Bob Books rights and properties or to investigate fraud or intellectual property infringement.
Links
We may include links to third parties from the website or apps.
Bob Books is not responsible for these companies and because we have a link doesn’t mean we endorse them. Your use of our services may be subject to the terms and conditions and privacy policies of other services that we don’t control such as mobile app stores, mobile software platforms or payment processors. Please be sure to check their privacy policies if you decide to visit them.
Security
Bob Books uses generally accepted security measures and safeguards in an attempt to keep the data it collects secure. The measures and safeguards include limiting access to the data to those persons who need it to complete their work for Bob Books and using a firewall protected environment and storing personal information in secure operating environments. That said, Bob Books cannot and does not guarantee and does not accept liability for unintentional disclosure.
The privacy of communication over the Internet cannot be guaranteed, because the Internet is not a secure medium. Bob Books does not assume any responsibility for any harm, loss, or damage you may experience or incur by the sending of personal or confidential information over the Internet by or to Bob Books.
How to update or remove your information
Bob Books keeps your content for as long as necessary in providing the services. If you want to opt out of services, review your information or delete it please contact us at
info@bobbooks.com
.
Notice to California Residents:
If you are a California resident, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits you to request information regarding the disclosure of your personal information by certain members of Bob Books to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. With respect to these entities, this Privacy Policy applies only to their activities within the State of California. To make such a request, please send an email to
info@bobbooks.com
or write us:
Attn: Bob Books Privacy Officer
4742 42nd Ave SW #8
Seattle, WA 98116
844-732-3262
Notice to EU/EEA Member State Residents
Bob Books may store and/or transfer your personal data to its affiliates and partners in and outside of EU/EEA member states and the United States in accordance with mandatory legislation and this Privacy Policy. By using the sites or services, you consent to such transfer.
Bob Books
Making Reading Fun for Little Ones!
Shop Now