JavaScript is currently disabled on this computer/device. As such, cookies for this site are currently disabled.
            In order to have access to all the features of our fully-optimised website, please enable your JavaScript settings
            via your browser. For a list of all the cookies we use and what they do, please read our
Cookie Policy.
Skip to content
You are in section
Home
Privacy
Current Page
Privacy
Data privacy and you
UK data privacy laws require organisations like
first direct
to provide information to people about the personal data they hold and use. Our Privacy Notice is our way of providing you with this information.
Our Privacy Notice includes information such as explaining why different types of personal data are collected and used, how that data is used and disclosed, and an individual’s rights regarding their data.
Where to find our Privacy Notices
If you're browsing our website, you can view the
Website Privacy Notice
.
If you're a
first direct
customer (eg you've applied, or are applying, for one of our products or use our services), you can view our
Privacy Notice Overview
or you can view our
full Privacy Notice
if you'd like more details.
You can also view our
Mobile App Privacy Notice
.
Latest Updates
In
May 2024
we updated our Privacy Notice to make it easier to read and understand.
In
March 2024
, we updated our Privacy Notice to add one new fraud agency we use: MasterCard (Vocalink)
Fraud Prevention Agencies
To find out more about our Fraud Prevention Agencies and how they manage your information, please visit each agency directly:
CIFAS
Opens an overlay [Will show a security message first]
National Hunter
Opens an overlay [Will show a security message first]
Synectics Solutions Ltd
Opens an overlay [Will show a security message first]
BioCatch
Opens an overlay [Will show a security message first]
LexisNexis (ThreatMetrix)
Opens an overlay [Will show a security message first]
MasterCard (Vocalink)
Opens an overlay [Will show a security message first]
More information about your rights
To find out more information please visit Information Commissioner’s Office at
ico.org.uk
Opens an overlay [Will show a security message first]