Stand: 01.2025
Deutsche Version
I. Name and Address of the Person Responsible
Ebner Media Group GmbH & Co KG
Frauenstraße 77
89073 Ulm
E-mail:
info@ebnermedia.de
Website:
www.ebnermedia.de
Is the responsible party in the sense of the EU General Data
                                    Protection Regulation (DSGVO) and other national data protection laws.
II. Name and Address of the Data Protection Officer
The data protection officer of the controller is:
AGOR AG
Niddastraße 74
60329 Frankfurt am Main Germany
Te.: +49 (0) 69 - 9494 32 410
Website:
www.agor-ag.com
E-Mail:
info@agor-ag.com
Please assert your data protection rights at
datenschutz@ebnermedia.de
.
III. Scope of Application
This privacy policy applies to our websites, which are accessible
                                    under the following domains and their subdomains:
abo.wuv.de
akademie.sazbike.de
anbieter.telecom-handel.de
archiv.computerworld.ch
archiv.dotnetpro.de
archiv.eyebizz.de
archiv.feuerwehrmagazin.de
archiv.gitarrebass.de
archiv.page-online.de
archiv.watchtime.net
archive.watchtime.com
area-112.com
area112.de
briefing.com-magazin.de
briefing.computerworld.ch
cmcx.com
communicate.telecom-handel.de
developer-media.de
druckawards.de
ebnerjobs.de
en.cmcx.com
etiketten-labels.com
event.sazbike.de
event.sazsport.de
executive-briefing.wuv.de
flexotiefdruck.de
flix.cmcx.com
goodmorninghr.de
jobs.developer-media.de
jobs.eyebizz.de
jobs.leatcon.com
jobs.print.de
jobs.saz.de
jobs.telecom-handel.de
kuendigung.ebnermedia.de
lox.space
marketplace-convention.de
membership.wuv.de
microsites.wuv.de
page-online.de
projekte.wuv.de
rechnung.ebnermedia.de
seminare.eyebizz.de
shop.dotnetpro.de
shop.natursteinonline.de
shop.page-online.de
shop.skimagazin.de
shop.telecom-handel.de
shop.wanderlust-magazin.de
shop.watchtime.net
shop.wuv.de
show.watchtime.net
skimagazin.de
stellenmarkt.page-online.de
stellenmarkt.wuv.de
verlag.wuv.de
wiki.production-partner.de
www.blaulicht-stellenmarkt.de
www.cinec.de
www.computerworld.ch
www.designbusinessdays.de
www.developer-week.de
www.digital-printing-summit.de
www.dotnet-developer-conference.de
www.dotnetpro.de
www.ebnermedia.de
www.event-partner.de
www.eyebizz.de
www.feuerwehrmagazin.de
www.filmundtvkamera.de
www.gitarrebass.de
www.guitarsummit.de
www.keyboards.de
www.leatcon.com
www.live-production.tv
www.muellerundsohn.com
www.natursteinonline.de
www.onlinepc.ch
www.optics-conference.de
www.pctipp.ch
www.print.de
www.production-partner.de
www.professional-system.de
www.promedianews.de
www.rettungsdienst.de
www.sazbike.de
www.sazsport.de
www.soundandrecording.de
www.sporthandelskongress.de
www.studioszene.de
www.telecom-handel.de
www.the-avard.de
www.wanderlust-magazin.de
www.watchtime.com
www.watchtime.net
www.web-developer-conference.de
www.wuv-abo.de
www.wuv-summit.de
www.wuv.de
Not all services and technologies mentioned in this privacy
                                    policy are used on every website. However, it represents all possible data
                                    processing that can be carried out on the websites. You can view and set which
                                    services are actually used on the individual pages in the cookie settings or the
                                    cookie banner of the respective website, where you will receive further information
                                    on the respective service.
IV. General Information on Data Processing
1. The Scope of the Processing of Personal Data
We collect and use personal data of the users of our homepages only
                                    as far as this is necessary for the provision of a functional website, our contents
                                    and services.
In principle, the collection and use of personal data of our users
                                    only takes place after their consent. An exception to this principle applies in
                                    cases where processing of the data is permitted by legal regulations or obtaining
                                    prior consent is not possible for actual reasons.
2. Legal Basis for the Processing of Personal Data
The legal bases for the processing of personal data result in
                                    principle from:
Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. a DSGVO when obtaining the consent of
                                    the data subject.
Article 6 (1) sentence 1 lit. b DSGVO for processing operations that
                                    serve to fulfil a contract to which the data subject is a party. Included here are
                                    processing operations that are necessary for the implementation of pre-contractual
                                    measures.
Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. c DSGVO in the case of processing which is
                                    necessary for the fulfilment of a legal obligation.
Article 6 (1) sentence 1 lit. d DSGVO, if vital interests of the
                                    data subject or another natural person make it necessary to process personal
                                    data.
Article 6 (1) sentence 1 lit. f DSGVO, if the processing is
                                    necessary to protect a legitimate interest of our company or a third party and the
                                    interests, fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject do not override the
                                    first-mentioned interest. In order to be able to base the processing of personal
                                    data on a legitimate interest, an examination is carried out in each case in
                                    consultation with the data protection officer for each relevant process, whereby the
                                    following three prerequisites must be met:
The controller or a third party has a legitimate interest in
                                    processing the personal data.
The processing is necessary to protect the
                                    legitimate interest.
interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the data
                                    subject which require the protection of personal data do not prevail.
3. Data Deletion and Storage Period
The personal data of the users will be deleted or blocked as soon as
                                    the purpose of the storage no longer applies. Storage beyond this may take place if
                                    this has been provided for by the European or national legislator in Union
                                    regulations, laws or other provisions to which the responsible party is subject.
                                    Data will also be blocked or deleted if a storage period prescribed by the
                                    aforementioned standards expires, unless there is a need to continue storing the
                                    data for the conclusion or performance of a contract.
V. Use of our Websites, General Information
1. Description and Scope of Data Processing
Each time our website is accessed, our system automatically collects
                                    data and information from the user's computer system. The following information is
                                    collected:
Information about the browser type and version used, the user's
                                    operating system, the user's Internet service provider, the user's IP address, the
                                    date and time of access, websites from which the user's system accesses our website,
                                    websites accessed by the user's system via our website.
The described data is stored in the log files of our systems. This
                                    data is not stored together with other personal data of the user.
2. Purpose and Legal Basis for Data Processing
The short-term recording of the IP address by our system is
                                    necessary to enable the delivery of the websites to the user's computer.
The storage in log files is done to ensure the functionality of the
                                    websites. In addition, we use the data to optimize the websites and to ensure the
                                    security of our information technology systems. An evaluation of the data for
                                    marketing purposes does not take place in this context.
The legal basis for the temporary storage of the data and the log
                                    files is Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. f DSGVO.
The collection of their personal data for the provision of our
                                    website and the storage of the data in log files is mandatory for the operation of
                                    the websites. Therefore, there is no possibility for the user to object.
3. Duration of Storage
Your data will be deleted as soon as it is no longer required to
                                    achieve the purpose for which it was collected. If your data is collected to ensure
                                    the provision of the website, the data will be deleted when the respective session
                                    has ended.
If your data is stored in log files, it will be deleted after seven
                                    days at the latest. Storage beyond this period is possible, whereby the IP addresses
                                    of the users are deleted or alienated in this case. An assignment of the calling
                                    client is no longer possible.
VI. General Information on the Use of Cookies
We use cookies on our websites. Cookies are text files that are
                                    stored in the Internet browser or by the Internet browser on the user's computer
                                    system. If you call up a website, a cookie may be stored on your operating system.
                                    This contains a characteristic string of characters that enables the browser to be
                                    uniquely identified when the website is called up again.
Cookies are used by us to make our homepages more user-friendly.
                                    Some elements of our websites require that the browser can be identified even after
                                    a page change.
TDDDG:
The legal basis for the storage of cookies, device
                                    identifiers and similar tracking technologies or for the storage of information in
                                    the end user's terminal equipment and access to this information is the European
                                    ePrivacy Directive in conjunction with the Telecommunications and Telemedia Data
                                    Protection Act (TDDDG).
Please note that the legal basis for the processing of the personal
                                    data collected in this context then results from the DSGVO (Article 6 (1) sentence 1
                                    DSGVO). The relevant legal basis for the processing of personal data in each
                                    specific case can be found below the respective cookie or the respective processing
                                    itself.
The primary legal basis for the storage of information in the end
                                    user's terminal equipment - consequently in particular for the storage of cookies -
                                    is your consent, § 25 para. 1 p.1 TDDDG. Consent is given when visiting our websites
                                    - although this does not have to be given, of course - and can be revoked at any
                                    time in the cookie settings.
According to Section 25 (2) No. 2 TDDDG, consent is not required if
                                    the storage of information in the end user's terminal equipment or the access to
                                    information already stored in the end user's terminal equipment is absolutely
                                    necessary in order for the provider of a telemedia service to provide a telemedia
                                    service expressly requested by the user. You can see from the cookie settings which
                                    cookies are to be classified as absolutely necessary (often also referred to as
                                    "technically necessary cookies") and therefore fall under the exemption of Section
                                    25 (2) TDDDG and therefore do not require consent.
DSGVO:
When cookies are used, for example, the following
                                    data is stored and transmitted:
Items in a shopping cart, log-in information
The legal basis for the processing of personal data using cookies
                                    results from Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. f DSGVO. The purpose of the use of technically
                                    necessary cookies is to simplify the use of our website.
We would like to point out that some functions of our website can
                                    only be offered with the use of cookies.
These are, for example, the following applications:
CMP Cookies from Usercentrics and Traffective, shopping cart,
                                    remembering search terms, language settings
We do not use user data collected through technically necessary
                                    cookies to create user profiles.
Cookies are stored on the user's computer and transmitted from it to
                                    our pages. As a user, you therefore have control over the use of cookies. You can
                                    restrict or deactivate the transmission of cookies by making changes in the settings
                                    of your Internet browser. You can also delete stored cookies there. Please note that
                                    you may no longer be able to use all the functions of our website if you deactivate
                                    cookies.
The legal basis for the processing of personal data using cookies
                                    for analysis and advertising purposes is Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. a DSGVO if the
                                    user has given his consent in this regard.
Which services are used on the respective website and which of them
                                    are only activated with your consent can be viewed and set in the respective cookie
                                    settings or cookie banners. Our websites use the following Consent Manager Platforms
                                    (CMP):
1. Cookie Consent with Usercentrics
We have integrated the consent management tool "Usercentrics" (
https://usercentrics.com/de/
) of
                                    Usercentrics GmbH, Sendlinger Straße 7, 80331 Munich, Germany, Phone: + 49 89 21 54
                                    01 20, Email: contact@usercentrics.com integrated on some of our websites to request
                                    consent for data processing or the use of cookies or comparable functions. With the
                                    help of "Usercentrics" you have the possibility to give or refuse your consent for
                                    certain functionalities of our websites, e.g. for the purpose of integrating
                                    external elements, integrating streaming content, statistical analysis, coverage
                                    measurement and personalized advertising. You can use "Usercentrics" to give or
                                    refuse your consent for all functions or to give your consent for individual
                                    purposes or individual functions. The settings you have made can also be changed by
                                    you afterwards. The purpose of the integration of "Usercentrics" is to allow the
                                    users of our websites to decide on the aforementioned matters and to offer the
                                    possibility of changing settings already made in the context of the further use of
                                    our websites.
When you enter our websites, the following personal data is
                                    transferred to Usercentrics:
Your consent(s) or revocation of your consent(s), your IP address,
                                    information about your browser, information about your terminal device, time of your
                                    visit to the website.
Furthermore, Usercentrics stores a cookie in your browser in order
                                    to be able to assign the consent given to you or its revocation. The data collected
                                    in this way is stored until you request us to delete it, delete the Usercentrics
                                    cookie yourself or the purpose for storing the data no longer applies. Mandatory
                                    legal storage obligations remain unaffected.
"Usercentrics" uses the Google Cloud Platform from Google Ireland
                                    Limited. The server locations are in Frankfurt and Belgium. A third country transfer
                                    to the USA cannot be excluded. However, we have concluded an order processing
                                    agreement and standard data protection clauses with the provider.
The legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. c in
                                    conjunction with Art. 6 para. 3 p. 1 lit. a. Art. 6 para. 3 p. 1 lit. a in
                                    conjunction with. Art. 7 para. 1 DSGVO and alternatively lit. f. Usercentrics helps
                                    us with the processing of the data to fulfil our legal obligations (e.g. obligation
                                    to provide evidence). Our legitimate interests in the processing lie in the storage
                                    of user settings and preferences in relation to the use of cookies and other
                                    functionalities.
Further information on data processing by "Usercentrics" can be
                                    found in the data protection notice at
https://usercentrics.com/privacy-policy/
.
2. Cookie Consent with Traffective
We use the consent management tool from Traffective GmbH
                                    (Kastenbauerstr. 2, 86177 Munich, Germany) on some of our websites to request
                                    consent for data processing or the use of cookies or comparable functions. The tool
                                    helps us to ensure a transparent presentation and up-to-dateness.
With the help of the consent screen, you have the option of granting
                                    or rejecting your consent for certain functionalities of our websites, e.g. for the
                                    purpose of integrating external elements, integrating streaming content, statistical
                                    analysis, coverage measurement and personalised advertising. In this way, you can
                                    give or refuse your consent for all functions or give your consent for individual
                                    purposes or individual functions. The settings you have made can also be changed by
                                    you afterwards.
In the course of using the Consent Screen, personal data, such as
                                    the IP address, as well as information about the end devices used are processed. The
                                    legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. c in conjunction
                                    with Art. 6 para. 3 sentence 1 lit. a. Art. 6 para 3 p. 1 lit. a in conjunction
                                    with. Art. 7 para. 1 DSGVO and alternatively lit. f. Traffective helps us with the
                                    processing of the data to fulfil our legal obligations (e.g. obligation to provide
                                    evidence). Our legitimate interests in the processing lie in the storage of user
                                    settings and preferences in relation to the use of cookies and other
                                    functionalities.
Further information on data processing can be found at
https://www.iubenda.com/privacy-policy/70389320
.
3. Google Consent Mode (Basic implementation)
To obtain your consent for Google products, we use Google's Consent
                                    Mode (Google Ireland Limited, Google Building Gordon House, 4 Barrow St, Dublin, D04
                                    E5W5, Ireland).
This includes the following products: YouTube, Google Forms, Google
                                    Tag Manager, ajax.googleapis.com, Google Web Fonts, Google ReCaptcha, Google
                                    Analytics, Google Maps, Google Firebase, Google AdSense, Google Ads Conversion,
                                    Google Ads Remarketing, Google Analytics Remarketing, Google Dynamic Remarketing,
                                    Google DoubleClick, Google Syndication, Google Ads Measurement.
We use the basic implementation of Consent Mode. This means that no
                                    data is transmitted directly to Google for the Consent Mode. Your consent will only
                                    be transmitted, and a Google product will only be executed if you have given us your
                                    consent to do so.
By using Consent Mode, Google can regard the consent you have given
                                    as consent within the framework of the Digital Markets Act.
Further information on Google Consent Mode can be found directly at
                                    Google at:
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/9976101?hl=en
or in the data protection information at:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=de
.
VII. Your Rights / Rights of the Data Subjects
According to the EU General Data Protection Regulation, you have the
                                    following rights as a data subject. You could assert these rights at:
datenschutz@ebnermedia.de
.
1. Right to Information
You have the right to receive from us as data controller the
                                    information whether and which personal data concerning you are processed by us as
                                    well as further information in accordance with the legal requirements pursuant to
                                    Art. 13, 14 DSGVO.
2. Right of Rectification
If the personal data processed by us and relating to you is
                                    incorrect or incomplete, you have a right to rectification and/or completion. The
                                    correction will be made without delay.
3. Right to Restriction
You have the right to restrict the processing of personal data
                                    concerning you in accordance with the legal provisions (Art. 18 DSGVO).
4. Right to Erasure
If the reasons set out in Article 17 of the GDPR apply, you may
                                    request that the personal data relating to you be deleted without delay.
We would like to point out that the right to erasure does not exist
                                    insofar as the processing is necessary for one of the exceptional circumstances
                                    mentioned in Art. 17 (3).
5. Right to Information
If you have asserted the right to rectification, erasure or
                                    restriction of processing, we are obliged to notify all recipients to whom the
                                    personal data relating to you has been disclosed of this rectification or erasure of
                                    the data or restriction of processing, unless this proves impossible or involves a
                                    disproportionate effort. You also have the right to be informed about these
                                    recipients.
6. Right to Data Portability
Under the GDPR, you also have the right to receive the personal data
                                    relating to you that has been provided to us in a structured, commonly used and
                                    machine-readable format or to request that it be transferred to another
                                    controller.
7. Right to Revoke the Declaration of Consent under Data Protection Law
You have the right to revoke your declaration of consent under data
                                    protection law at any time. We would like to point out that the revocation of
                                    consent does not affect the lawfulness of the processing carried out on the basis of
                                    the consent until the revocation.
8. Right to Object
Furthermore, you have the right to object at any time, on grounds
                                    relating to your particular situation, to the processing of personal data relating
                                    to you which is carried out on the basis of Article 6 (1) sentence 1 lit. e or f
                                    DSGVO.
9. Automated Decision in Individual Cases Including Profiling
Under the EU General Data Protection Regulation, you also have the
                                    right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing,
                                    including profiling, which produces legal effects concerning you or similarly
                                    significantly affects you.
10. Right to Complain to a Supervisory Authority
Finally, if you consider that the processing of personal data
                                    concerning you infringes the GDPR, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a
                                    supervisory authority, in particular in the Member State of your residence,
                                    workplace or the place of the alleged infringement.
VIII. Data Transfer Outside the EU
The GDPR ensures an equally high level of data protection within the
                                    European Union. When selecting our service providers, we therefore rely on European
                                    partners wherever possible when your personal data is to be processed. Only in
                                    exceptional cases will we have data processed outside the European Union in the
                                    context of using third-party services. We will only allow your data to be processed
                                    in a third country if the special requirements of Art. 44 et seq. DSGVO are
                                    fulfilled. This means that the processing of your data may then only take place on
                                    the basis of special guarantees, such as the determination of a level of data
                                    protection corresponding to the EU officially recognised by the EU Commission or the
                                    observance of officially recognised special contractual obligations, the so-called
                                    "standard data protection clauses".
1. EU-US Trans-Atlantic Data Privacy Framework
Within the framework of the so-called "Data Privacy Framework" (DPF), the EU
                                    Com-mission has also recognized the level of data protection for certain companies
                                    from the U.S. as safe within the framework of the adequacy decision of 10.07.2023.
                                    The list of certified companies as well as further information on the DPF can be
                                    found on the website of the U.S. Department of Commerce at
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/participant-search
.
2. Data Processing under the Swiss DPA
In principle, the use of our website is subject to the legal regulations of the
                                    GDPR. Insofar as you also visit our website from Switzerland and insofar as the
                                    related data processing also affects you as a Swiss citizen, the data protection
                                    provisions under the Swiss Federal Data Protection Act ("Swiss DPA" as amended on 01
                                    September 2023)also apply to you, analogously to the GDPR.
In principle, the Swiss DPA does not require the naming of a legal basis. In this
                                    respect, we only process your data from Switzerland if the processing is lawful, is
                                    carried out in good faith and is justified in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 and 2
                                    of the Swiss DPA. Furthermore, your data will only be collected for a specific
                                    purpose that is recognizable to the data subject and will only be processed in such
                                    a way that it is compatible with these purposes in accordance with Art. 6 para. 3 of
                                    the Swiss DPA.
In this context, please also note that although certain terms are formulated
                                    differently under the GDPR, they have the same legal meaning as under the Swiss DPA.
                                    For example, the German GDPR terms " Verarbeitung", " personenbezogene Daten" as
                                    well as "berechtigtes Interesse" and "besondere Kategorien von Daten" used in the
                                    German Version of this Privacy Policy correspond to the terms "Bearbeitung",
                                    "Personendaten", "überwiegendes Interesse" and "besonders schützenswerte
                                    Personendaten" used in the Swiss DPA.
The data subject rights set out here pursuant to Art. 12 et seq. GDPR can be
                                    asserted by data subjects from Switzerland in analogy to the regulations pursuant to
                                    Art. 25 et seq. of the Swiss DPA.
IX. Newsletter
1. General
You can subscribe to a free newsletter on some of our homepages,
                                    with which we inform you about our current interesting offers. The advertised goods
                                    and services are named in the declaration of consent. The data that you enter in the
                                    input mask during registration will be transmitted to us.
We collect the following data, for example, on the basis of the
                                    consent obtained from you during the registration process:
Last name, first name, e-mail address, title, company, position
Furthermore,
                                    the following data is stored at the moment of transmission:
IP address of the calling computer, date and time of
                                    registration.
Your data will not be passed on in connection with the data
                                    processing for the dispatch of newsletters. The data will be used exclusively for
                                    sending the newsletter.
2. Double Opt-in and Logging
The registration for our newsletters takes place in a so-called
                                    double opt-in process. After registration, you will receive an e-mail in which you
                                    are asked to confirm your registration. This confirmation is necessary so that no
                                    one can register with other email addresses.
The registrations for the newsletter are logged in order to be able
                                    to prove the registration process according to the legal requirements. This includes
                                    the storage of the registration and confirmation time, as well as the IP
                                    address.
3. Legal Basis
The legal basis for the processing of the data is Art. 6 para. 1 p.
                                    1 lit. a DSGVO if the user has given his consent. The collection of the user's email
                                    address serves to deliver the newsletter.
4. Deletion, Revocation and Objection
Your data will be deleted as soon as they are no longer required to
                                    achieve the purpose for which they were collected. Your e-mail address will
                                    therefore be stored as long as the subscription to the newsletter is active. The
                                    subscription to the newsletter can be terminated by you at any time by revoking your
                                    consent. For this purpose, you will find a corresponding link in each
                                    newsletter.
We would also like to point out that you can object to the future
                                    processing of your personal data in accordance with the legal requirements pursuant
                                    to Art. 21 DSGVO at any time. The objection can be made in particular against the
                                    processing for purposes of direct advertising.
5. Statistical Survey
We would like to point out that we evaluate your user behaviour when
                                    sending the newsletter. For this evaluation, the emails sent contain so-called web
                                    beacons or tracking pixels, which are single-pixel image files that are stored on
                                    our website. For the evaluations, we link the data mentioned under point 1 and the
                                    web beacons with your e-mail address and an individual ID.
Links contained in the newsletter also contain this ID.
With the data obtained in this way, we create a user profile in
                                    order to tailor the newsletter to your individual interests. In doing so, we record
                                    when you read our newsletters, which links you click on in them and infer your
                                    personal interests from this. We link this data to actions you have taken on the
                                    corresponding website.
If you do not wish to be analysed by our newsletter, you must
                                    unsubscribe from the newsletter. For this purpose, we provide a corresponding link
                                    in each newsletter message. Furthermore, you can also unsubscribe directly from the
                                    newsletter on some of our websites. The information will be stored as long as you
                                    have subscribed to the newsletter.
6. Shipping Service Provider
We currently use the following service providers to send our
                                    newsletters:
a) MailChimp
The dispatch of some of our newsletter offers is carried out using
                                    "MailChimp", a newsletter dispatch platform of the US provider Rocket Science Group,
                                    LLC, 675 Ponce De Leon Ave NE #5000, Atlanta, GA 30308, USA.
The email addresses of our newsletter recipients, as well as their
                                    other data described in these notes, are stored on the servers of MailChimp in the
                                    USA. MailChimp uses this information to send and evaluate the newsletter on our
                                    behalf. Furthermore, according to its own information, MailChimp may use this data
                                    to optimise or improve its own services, e.g. for the technical optimisation of the
                                    dispatch and the presentation of the newsletters or for economic purposes in order
                                    to determine from which countries the recipients come. However, MailChimp does not
                                    use the data of our newsletter recipients to write to them itself or to pass them on
                                    to third parties.
We trust in the reliability and IT and data security of MailChimp.
                                    We have concluded a "Data Processing Agreement" with MailChimp. This is a contract
                                    in which MailChimp undertakes to protect the data of our users, to process it on our
                                    behalf in accordance with its data protection provisions and, in particular, not to
                                    pass it on to third parties. You can view MailChimp's privacy policy here:
https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/
With the help of MailChimp, we can analyze our newsletter campaigns.
                                    When you open an email sent with MailChimp, a file contained in the email (so-called
                                    web beacon) connects to MailChimp's servers in the USA. This makes it possible to
                                    determine whether a newsletter message has been opened and which links, if any, have
                                    been clicked on. In addition, technical information is recorded (e.g. time of
                                    retrieval, IP address, browser type and operating system). This information cannot
                                    be assigned to the respective newsletter recipient. It is used exclusively for the
                                    statistical analysis of newsletter campaigns. The results of these analyses can be
                                    used to better adapt future newsletters to the interests of the recipients.
If you do not want any analysis by MailChimp, you must unsubscribe
                                    from the newsletter. For this purpose, we provide a corresponding link in every
                                    newsletter message.
The data processing is based on your consent according to Art. 6
                                    para. 1 p. 1 lit. a DSGVO. You can revoke this consent at any time by unsubscribing
                                    from the newsletter. The legality of the data processing operations already carried
                                    out remains unaffected by the revocation.
b) Salesforce Salescloud / Salesforce Marketing Cloud
Data that you provide to us via some of our websites (e.g. in forms
                                    for purchase, newsletter registration, contacting us, as well as the fact that you
                                    have entered a competition) is currently stored on servers in the EU in the
                                    Salesforce Sales Cloud (salesforce.com Germany GmbH, Erika-Mann-Str. 31, 80636
                                    Munich, Germany) and used to send order confirmations and shipment notices.
For sending our newsletters, for automated mailings (e.g. welcome
                                    mailing) as well as for advertising campaigns in social networks, we use the
                                    Salesforce Marketing Cloud. For this purpose, the newsletter subscriber's data is
                                    transferred from Salescloud to Marketing Cloud. The Salesforce Marketing Cloud data
                                    is stored and processed on Salesforce servers in the USA. Salesforce undertakes to
                                    comply with an appropriate level of data protection with binding internal data
                                    protection regulations in accordance with Art. 46 (2) lit. b and Art. 47 DSGVO
                                    (so-called binding corporate rules), even when processing data outside the European
                                    Union. With the help of so-called web beacons and pixels, we receive information
                                    about the click behaviour of users via the Marketing Cloud. Interaction data is
                                    stored in the Marketing Cloud directly on the user so that we can send you more
                                    targeted advertising via the Ad Studio, e.g. also via social networks. If you do not
                                    want this, you have, on the one hand, the option to turn off personalized
                                    advertising in your account settings on the social networks. In addition, you can
                                    use a different email address for the newsletters or your customer account with us
                                    than the one for your social media accounts.
For more information about Salesforce's data processing, please
                                    visit:
https://www.salesforce.com/de/company/privacy/
.
c) SendGrid
Some of our websites use SendGrid to send newsletters. The provider
                                    is SendGrid, Inc., 1801 California Street, Suite 500, Denver, CO 80202, USA.
SendGrid is a service with which, among other things, the sending of
                                    newsletters can be organised and analysed. The data you enter for the purpose of
                                    receiving the newsletter will be stored on SendGrid's servers in the USA.
If you do not want SendGrid to analyze your data, you must
                                    unsubscribe from the newsletter. For this purpose, we provide a corresponding link
                                    in each newsletter message.
With the help of SendGrid, it is possible for us to analyze our
                                    newsletter campaigns. For example, we can see whether a newsletter message was
                                    opened and which links, if any, were clicked. In this way, we can determine, among
                                    other things, which links were clicked on particularly often.
In addition, we can see whether certain previously defined actions
                                    were carried out after opening/clicking (conversion rate). For example, we can see
                                    whether you have visited one of our websites after clicking on the newsletter.
SendGrid also allows us to subdivide newsletter recipients based on
                                    various categories. In doing so, the newsletter recipients can be subdivided
                                    according to age, gender or place of residence, for example. In this way, the
                                    newsletters can be better adapted to the respective target groups.
The data processing is based on your consent according to Art. 6
                                    para. 1 p. 1 lit. a DSGVO. You can revoke this consent at any time.
The data you provide for the purpose of receiving the newsletter
                                    will be stored by us until you unsubscribe from the newsletter and will be deleted
                                    from our servers as well as from the servers of SendGrid after you unsubscribe from
                                    the newsletter. Data that has been stored by us for other purposes remains
                                    unaffected by this.
For more information on data processing by SendGrid, please visit:
https://sendgrid.com/policies/security/
.
An order processing contract was concluded with "SendGrid" on the basis of the standard data protection clauses.
d) Mailingwork
The e-mail addresses of our newsletter recipients and the data
                                    described in this notice are stored on the servers of mailingwork GmbH at Birkenweg
                                    7, 09569 Oederan, Germany.
Mailingwork uses this information to send and
                                    evaluate the newsletters on our behalf. Furthermore, according to its own
                                    information, mailingwork may use this data to optimize or improve its own services,
                                    e.g. to technically optimize the dispatch and presentation of the newsletters or for
                                    economic purposes to determine from which countries the recipients come. However,
                                    Mailingwork does not use the data of our newsletter recipients to write to them
                                    ourselves or to pass them on to third parties. We trust in the reliability and the
                                    IT and data security of mailingwork.
The data processing is based on your
                                    consent according to Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. a DSGVO. You can revoke this consent
                                    at any time.
Furthermore, we have concluded a "Data Processing Agreement" with
                                    mailingwork. This is a contract in which mailingwork undertakes to protect the data
                                    of our users, to process it on our behalf in accordance with its data protection
                                    provisions and, in particular, not to pass it on to third parties. You can view
                                    mailingwork's privacy policy here:
https://mailingwork.de/datenschutzerklaerung
.
e) Customer Managers
The email addresses of our newsletter recipients and the data
                                    described in these notes are stored on the servers of index Internet und
                                    Mediaforschung GmbH, Zinnowitzer Straße 1, 10115 Berlin, Germany.
Kundenmanager
                                    uses this information to send and evaluate the newsletters on our behalf.
                                    Furthermore, according to its own information, Kundenmanager may use this data to
                                    optimise or improve its own services, e.g. to technically optimise the dispatch and
                                    presentation of the newsletters or for economic purposes in order to determine from
                                    which countries the recipients come. However, Kundenmanager does not use the data of
                                    our newsletter recipients to write to them itself or to pass them on to third
                                    parties. We trust in the reliability and the IT and data security of Kundenmanager.
The data processing is based on your consent in accordance with Art. 6 Para. 1
                                    S. 1 lit. a DSGVO. You can revoke this consent at any time. We will delete your data
                                    after your revocation or after two years of the last contact on your part.
Furthermore, we have concluded a "Data Processing Agreement" with
                                    Kundenmanager. This is a contract in which Kundenmanager undertakes to protect the
                                    data of our users, to process it on our behalf in accordance with its data
                                    protection provisions and, in particular, not to pass it on to third parties. You
                                    can view Kundenmanager's data protection provisions here:
https://km.index.de/datenschutzerklaerung/
.
f) Messenger Service WhatsApp
On some of our websites you can register for our messenger service
                                    via WhatsApp with your mobile phone number. After your registration, we only store
                                    your mobile number. The processing of your mobile number is done to provide our
                                    messenger service and is not visible to other subscribers of our services. They will
                                    also not be able to send you WhatsApp messages because our messages are not sent in
                                    a Messenger group but in a broadcast list.
The legal basis for the processing is the necessity for the
                                    fulfilment of the contract or the implementation of pre-contractual measures (Art. 6
                                    para. 1 lit. b DSGVO). For this purpose, we commission the service provider
                                    MessengerPeople, which uses your telephone number to send you our messages.
                                    MessengerPeople processes your data exclusively on our instructions and is
                                    contractually obligated by a so-called contract for order processing to treat your
                                    data confidentially.
You can unsubscribe from the Messenger service at any time by
                                    sending the word "stop" in our Messenger channel. If you also want to have all data
                                    deleted from the database, send the message "DELETE ALL DATA". We will then delete
                                    all data immediately or store it only to the extent that legal, statutory or
                                    contractual retention periods exist or further storage is necessary for the
                                    assertion, exercise or defense of legal claims.
More information and the privacy policy of MessengerPeople can be
                                    found at the following link: www.whatsbroadcast.com/de/datenschutz/. WhatsBroadcast
                                    may use personal data stored with WhatsApp, in particular first and last name,
                                    terminal device, profile picture and the messages exchanged via MessengerPeople.
                                    WhatsApp may in turn collect data independently. You can learn more about the
                                    purpose and scope, processing and use, your rights and setting options to protect
                                    your privacy directly from the privacy policy of WhatsApp, at the following link:
https://www.messengerpeople.com/de/datenschutzerklaerung/
.
X. Electronic Contact
If you would like to contact us, there is a contact form available
                                    on some of our websites which you can use to contact us electronically. The data
                                    entered in the input mask will be transmitted to us and stored. These data are for
                                    example:
Salutation, title, name, e-mail, position in the company, company.
The following data is also stored at the time the message is
                                    sent:
The IP address of the user, date and time of the sending process
Furthermore, it is possible to contact us via the e-mail address
                                    provided. In this case, the personal data of the user transmitted with the e-mail
                                    will be stored.
The data is used exclusively for the processing of the communication
                                    recording.
The legal basis for the processing of the contact request and its
                                    handling is regularly Art. 6 Para. 1 S.1 lit. b DSGVO.
If further personal data is processed during the sending process,
                                    this is only used to prevent misuse of the contact form and to ensure the security
                                    of our information technology systems.
Your data will be deleted as soon as it is no longer required to
                                    achieve the purpose for which it was collected. For the personal data from the input
                                    mask of the contact form and those sent by e-mail, this is the case when the
                                    respective conversation with the user has ended. The conversation is ended when it
                                    is clear from the circumstances that the matter in question has been conclusively
                                    clarified.
The additional personal data collected during the sending process
                                    will be deleted after a period of seven days at the latest.
1. Typeform
We use the Typeform service provided by TYPEFORM SL, C/Bac de Roda,
                                    163 (Local), 08018 Barcelona Spain (Typeform) for some of our contact forms. This
                                    allows us to provide you with an easy way to contact us.
Typeform is the recipient of your personal data and acts as a
                                    processor for us. In addition, Typeform collects personal data with the help of
                                    cookies, for example information about your terminal device (IP address, device
                                    information, operating system, browser settings). Furthermore, usage data is
                                    collected such as date and time and when you used the contact form. Typeform needs
                                    this data to ensure the presentation of the contact form and its functionality. This
                                    corresponds to Typeform's legitimate interest according to Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit.
                                    f DSGVO and serves the execution of the contract according to Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1
                                    lit. b DSGVO. For more information, please visit:
https://help.typeform.com/hc/en-us/articles/360029581691-What-happens-to-my-data
.
For more information on how to object to and remove Typeform, please
                                    visit:
https://admin.typeform.com/to/dwk6gt
.
2. EMG-Form-Builder
The EMG Form Builder is a tool developed by Ebner Media Group GmbH & Co. KG to query
                                    data within input masks on our website, whereby both personal data is processed, and
                                    anonymous surveys can be carried out. For example, your e-mail address and,
                                    depending on the individual case, your first name, surname, position, field of
                                    activity, company, telephone number and, if applicable, other interests are
                                    processed.
The data collected in this way is forwarded directly to our internal CRM system and
                                    stored there for further processing.
                                    Depending on the use case, the legal basis for the processing may either be your
                                    consent, which can be revoked at any time, in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1
                                    lit. a GDPR, or the implementation of (pre-)contractual measures in accordance with
                                    Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. b GDPR.
Further information on data processing by Ebner Media Group GmbH & Co. KG can be
                                    found in this privacy policy or at
https://www.ebnermedia.de/datenschutzerklaerung/index.html
.
XI. Notes on the Use of Mobile Apps
For the use of some of our services on an end device with the
                                    operating system "iOS" an app is required, which can be downloaded free of charge
                                    via the iTunes Store or the App Store. iTunes Store and App Store are products of
                                    the company Apple Inc., Infinite Loop, Cupertino, CA 95014, USA. For the use and
                                    download of apps via the iTunes Store and the App Store, the General Terms and
                                    Conditions of Apple Inc. must be accepted separately.
To use some of our services on an end device with the "Android"
                                    operating system, an app is required, which can be downloaded free of charge from
                                    the Google Playstore. The Google Playstore is a product of Google Ireland Limited,
                                    Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland. For the use and download of apps
                                    via the Google Playstore, the General Terms and Conditions of Google Inc. must be
                                    accepted separately.
If we become a contractual partner for the purchase of the App in
                                    accordance with the applicable terms of use of the third-party providers from which
                                    you download the App (such as iTunes, Google, etc.), we will process the data
                                    provided to us by the third-party provider, e.g. your Device ID, to the extent
                                    necessary for the performance of the contract so that you can download the App to
                                    your mobile device.
XII. Registration / Shops / Subscriptions
You have the option of registering on some of our homepages by
                                    providing your personal data, e.g. to use our shops and order the goods and services
                                    we offer or to take out a subscription. The data is entered into an input mask,
                                    transmitted to us and stored. The following data is collected during the
                                    registration process, for example:
Salutation, title, name, e-mail, position in the company, company, address,
                                        payment data
The following data is also stored at the time of registration:
The IP address of the user, date and time of registration
Registration regularly serves the fulfilment of a contract to which
                                    the user is a party or the implementation of pre-contractual measures in the form of
                                    the extended use of our website. The legal basis for the processing of the data is
                                    therefore Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. b DSGVO.
Your data will be deleted as soon as it is no longer required to
                                    achieve the purpose for which it was collected. This is the case for the data
                                    collected during the registration process when the registration on our website is
                                    cancelled or modified.
This is the case for the data stored during the registration process
                                    for the fulfilment of a contract or for the implementation of pre-contractual
                                    measures if the data is no longer required for the implementation of the contract.
                                    Even after the conclusion of the contract, there may be a need to store personal
                                    data of the contractual partner in order to comply with contractual or legal
                                    obligations.
You have the possibility to cancel the registration on our homepage
                                    at any time. Furthermore, you can also change the data stored about you at any
                                    time.
Due to commercial and tax law requirements, we are obliged to store
                                    your address, payment and order data for a period of 10 years. However, we will
                                    restrict processing after 6 years, i.e. your data will only be used to comply with
                                    legal obligations. To prevent unauthorized access by third parties to your personal
                                    data, especially financial data, the ordering process takes place via encrypted
                                    connection.
1. Advertising and Direct Marketing / Christmas Greetings
We also process data from customers and interested parties for
                                    advertising purposes, e.g. in order to make offers that are as specific as possible
                                    to the target group for segments to be determined in each case. The legal basis for
                                    the processing for the preparation of advertising measures including data analyses
                                    is the protection of our legitimate interests Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. f DSGVO. The
                                    processing is necessary in order to be able to make you offers tailored to you. We
                                    assume that this is also in your interest because you are thereby made aware of
                                    products that are potentially interesting for you.
For a direct advertising approach by telephone or e-mail by us
                                    or third parties (e.g. in the context of free downloads), we also request your
                                    consent, which you can revoke at any time. If the consent refers to third parties,
                                    we transmit the relevant contact data to the named third parties. These are
                                    themselves responsible parties in the sense of data protection law. We do not
                                    require your consent for direct advertising contact with our customers by e-mail,
                                    provided that we have received their e-mail address in connection with the sale of
                                    goods or services and it concerns the advertising of our own similar goods or
                                    services (cf. Section 7 (3) UWG).
In this context, we send mailings to partners with whom we have a
                                    long-standing business relationship (e.g., business partners, authors and speakers)
                                    on special occasions in order to honor and appreciate them accordingly. This
                                    includes, for example, Christmas greetings.
However, you can also object to such use at any time without
                                    incurring any transmission costs other than those according to the basic rates. To
                                    do so, simply send an e-mail to datenschutz@ebnermedia.de or click on one of the
                                    unsubscribe links at the end of each promotional e-mail sent to you.
Should there be any postal advertising, the legal basis for this is
                                    the protection of our legitimate interests according to Art. 6 (1) p. 1 lit. f
                                    DSGVO. We assume that, in principle, there are no objections to a direct mailing, as
                                    this can easily be sorted out, unless you have objected to such a direct mailing,
                                    which you can do at any time.
If you revoke your consent to electronic contact for advertising
                                    purposes or wish to object to the use of your data for advertising purposes, you can
                                    contact us at any time. In this case, we will delete your data immediately or retain
                                    it only to the extent that legal, statutory or contractual retention periods exist
                                    or further storage is necessary for the assertion, exercise or defense of legal
                                    claims. In addition, the storage of your e-mail address in our so-called opt-out
                                    database may be necessary to ensure that this e-mail address is no longer served.
                                    The legal basis for this purpose-related storage is the protection of our legitimate
                                    interests and the fulfilment of legal obligations in accordance with Art. 6 (1) p. 1
                                    lit. f and c DSGVO, because we want to take precautionary technical measures to
                                    ensure that no unwanted advertising is delivered.
2. Service Provider
We currently use the following service providers to implement our
                                    shop and subscription portals:
a) Plenigo
For the administration of your registration in some of our shops and
                                    our paid subscription offers, we use a software-as-a-service platform provided by
                                    our technology partner plenigo GmbH, Königstraße 4, 87435 Kempten (hereinafter
                                    "plenigo"). We use the plenigo platform to process contracts with customers who make
                                    use of our fee-based offers. plenigo processes the personal data required for this
                                    purpose, namely surname, first name, billing/delivery address (private or business)
                                    and e-mail address, as well as the personal data otherwise relevant for registering
                                    a user account on our portals, as our order processor.
The payment methods offered by us, in particular those via external
                                    payment providers, are also technically integrated into the payment process on our
                                    websites via the plenigo platform and linked to the corresponding processes. In the
                                    case of the connection of online payment systems via external payment providers, a
                                    connection to the online payment system of the respective selected payment provider
                                    is automatically established upon completion of your order, via which you then
                                    authorise the payment process yourself, if necessary by providing your personal
                                    access data to this provider. In this case, your data is processed exclusively for
                                    the purpose of payment processing, whereby the payment data must regularly be
                                    forwarded by the payment provider to the credit institution specified by you in
                                    order to trigger and authorise the payment transaction.
The processing by plenigo is necessary for the fulfilment of the
                                    contract concluded with you. The legal basis is Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. b
                                    DSGVO.
For more information, please see plenigo's privacy policy:
https://plenigo.com/datenschutz
.
b) Eventbrite
For some websites, we offer the possibility to book participation in
                                    events. For this purpose, we use the tool "Eventbrite" from Eventbrite, Inc., 155
                                    5th Street, Floor 7, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA. When you register for an event,
                                    you will be redirected to the Eventbrite website. Eventbrite therefore does not
                                    consider itself to be part of our website offering. We have no influence on the data
                                    processing by Eventbrite.
For more information about how Eventbrite Inc. uses personal
                                    information, please see Eventbrite's Privacy Policy:
https://www.eventbrite.de/help/de/articles/460838/datenschutzrichtlinien-von-eventbrite
.
If you have any questions about privacy, please contact Eventbrite
                                    directly at
www.eventbrite.de/support/contact-us
.
As the event organizer, we receive access to the above data of the
                                    participants of an event from Eventbrite. We use the data for the purposes of
                                    preparation and follow-up of the event. The legal basis for the use of Eventbrite is
                                    the fulfilment of a contract Art. 6 para. 1 p.1 lit. b DSGVO.
c) Shopware
We use Shopware on some of our websites, an open source software to
                                    improve and optimize the use of our online shop.
Shopware stores cookies in your browser to ensure the basic
                                    functions of the shop. The cookies are used, for example, to enable the shopping
                                    cart content, the login state and also the CSRF protection. Without having cookies
                                    enabled in your browser, Shopware cannot be used. Shopware only stores IDs in your
                                    browser, the assignment to the respective information is done in the application
                                    area.
Based on the session cookie, Shopware decides whether you have an
                                    active shopping cart and whether you are logged in. It therefore serves as
                                    identification between your browser and the server. No other information is stored
                                    in the browser except for the session ID. The handling of session cookies is
                                    controlled on the server side via PHP and is independent of Shopware.
In addition, Shopware generates an individual CSRF cookie when you
                                    visit the shop, so that you can operate the individual areas of the shop.
In addition, an SLT cookie is set, which allows us to recognize you
                                    when you return to our online shop, even if the session has already expired. The SLT
                                    cookie can be deactivated in the basic settings of your browser.
When you add a product to your notepad, a cookie called "sUniqueID"
                                    is created to store the contents of the notepad.
The browser's Local Storage also stores the "recently viewed items"
                                    information.
For more information about Shopware's privacy policy, please visit:
https://www.shopware.com/de/datenschutz/
.
d) Rodrigue
On some of our websites we use the ticket provider Rodrigue, offered
                                    by RODRIGUE GmbH, Werderplatz 7, 68161 Mannheim, Germany.
If you would like to order a ticket, your data will be stored and
                                    processed on Rodrigue's servers. The legal basis for this is the fulfilment of the
                                    contract according to Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. b DSGVO.
In order to be able to carry out payment transactions, external
                                    payment service providers are used. The legal basis for this is Art. 6 para. 1 lit.
                                    b. DSGVO, as the payment service providers are essential for the fulfilment of
                                    contracts.
The payment service providers used collect and process inventory
                                    data required for the transaction, such as contact data, bank data/credit card
                                    numbers, passwords and contract details, among other things. The collected data is
                                    only processed and stored by the selected service provider. This means that we do
                                    not receive and store any transaction data. The respective payment service provider
                                    only transmits information about a confirmation of the payment to us.
For more information on Rodrigue, visit:
https://rodrigue-solution.com
.
e) Doo GmbH
The ticket ordering process, the issuing of digital tickets as well
                                    as the on-site support for some of our digital, physical and hybrid events is
                                    implemented by our service provider DOO. The provider is doo GmbH, Hultschiner
                                    Straße 8, D-81677 Munich.
During the ordering process, either a Doo iFrame is integrated into
                                    our regular website or we link completely to the Doo order page. As part of the
                                    ordering process and the issuing of digital tickets, Doo processes your necessary
                                    contact and payment data for order processing. In addition, Doo will also send you
                                    order confirmation emails.
The legal basis for the processing of the above-mentioned data is
                                    Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. b DSGVO.
For more information about how Doo handles your information, please
                                    see Doo's privacy policy at:
https://www.doo.net/datenschutz
.
f) Lumux
On some of our websites, we use the ticket provider Lumux, offered
                                    by Alpha Loop GmbH, Schreinerweg 2d, 51789 Lindlar,
www.alpha-loop.de
. This allows you to order tickets for the LEaTcon or LEaT X CiNEC events, for
                                    example (
https://www.leatcon.com/
).
If you would like to order a ticket, your data will be stored and
                                    processed on the Lumux servers. The legal basis for this is the fulfilment of the
                                    contract pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. b GDPR.
The following data is collected when you place an order:
Customer type (B2B/B2C)
e-mail address
Salutation
Title (optional)
First name
Last name
Company name
Position
In addition to ordering tickets for yourself, you also have the
                                    option of ordering tickets for other people. Please note that the person placing the
                                    order must first obtain the consent of the person for whom a ticket is being ordered
                                    so that their details can be entered for the order.
The person for whom a ticket has been ordered will then receive a
                                    confirmation email. In this email, the person is informed about the ticket purchase
                                    and is given the opportunity to access their user account via the link in the email,
                                    view the order details and provide further information about themselves, or to
                                    delete their data.
External payment service providers are used to carry out the
                                    necessary payment transactions. The legal basis for this is Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit.
                                    b. GDPR, as the payment service providers are essential for the fulfilment of
                                    contracts.
Lumux and the payment service providers used collect and process
                                    inventory data required for the transaction, such as contact details, bank
                                    details/credit card numbers, passwords, and contract details. The data collected is
                                    only processed and stored by the selected service provider. This means that we do
                                    not receive and store any transaction data. The respective payment service provider
                                    only sends us information about a confirmation of the payment.
Further information on data processing by Lumux can be found at:
https://www.lumux-events.com/datenschutzerklaerung/
.
g) Guitar & Bass annual digital subscription in cooperation with "Guitar Summit
                                    Weekend Package"
Purchasers of the "Guitar Summit Weekend Package", offered by
                                    SÜDWEST PRESSE + Hapag-Lloyd Reisebüro GmbH & Co. KG, Hafenbad 4, 89073 Ulm,
www.hapag-lloyd-reisen.de
, Mail:
reisebuero-goeppingen@swphl.de
(SWPHL), will automatically receive our free "Gitarre & Bass Abo annual digital
                                    subscription (12 issues)" with their order.
To set up the subscription, SWPHL will send us your data from the
                                    booking for the "Guitar Summit Weekend Package". This data usually includes:
Personal master data (names as well as address and contact details)
Communication data (telephone, e-mail)
Contract master data (data on the contractual relationship
Marketing data (data on product or contractual interests)
Information data (from third parties such as credit agencies or from public
                                        directories)
SWPHL acts as our processor, with whom we have concluded
                                    corresponding contracts for data processing on our behalf.
The legal basis is the fulfillment of the contract pursuant to Art.
                                    6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. b GDPR.
Further information on data processing by SWPHL can be found at
https://www.hapag-lloyd-reisen.de/datenschutz
.
XIII. Encrypted Payment Transactions on this Website
If, after the conclusion of a contract with costs, there is an
                                    obligation to transmit your payment data to us (e.g. account number in the case of
                                    direct debit authorisation), this data is required for the processing of
                                    payments.
Payment transactions via the common means of payment
                                    (Visa/MasterCard, direct debit) are made exclusively via an encrypted SSL or TLS
                                    connection. You can recognise an encrypted connection by the fact that the address
                                    line of the browser changes from "http://" to "https://" and by the lock symbol in
                                    your browser line.
With encrypted communication, your payment data that you transmit to
                                    us cannot be read by third parties.
We use the following service providers for this purpose:
1. Paypal
If you pay via PayPal, we will pass on your payment data to PayPal
                                    (Europe) S.a.r.l. et Cie, S.C.A., 22-24 Boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg
                                    (hereinafter "PayPal") as part of the payment processing.
The transfer takes place in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 p.1 lit.
                                    b DSGVO and only insofar as this is necessary for the payment processing. For the
                                    payment methods credit card via PayPal, direct debit via PayPal or - if offered -
                                    "purchase on account" or "instalment payment" via PayPal, PayPal reserves the right
                                    to conduct a credit check. For this purpose, your payment data may be passed on to
                                    credit agencies in accordance with Art. 6 (1) sentence 1 lit. f DSGVO on the basis
                                    of PayPal's legitimate interest in determining your solvency. PayPal uses the result
                                    of the credit check with regard to the statistical probability of non-payment for
                                    the purpose of deciding on the provision of the respective payment method. The
                                    credit report may contain probability values (so-called score values). Insofar as
                                    score values are included in the result of the credit report, these have their basis
                                    in a scientifically recognised mathematical-statistical procedure. The calculation
                                    of the score values includes, but is not limited to, address data. For further
                                    information on data protection law, including information on the credit agencies
                                    used, please refer to PayPal's data protection declaration:
www.paypal.com/de/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full
.
You can object to this processing of your data at any time by
                                    sending a message to PayPal. However, PayPal may still be entitled to process your
                                    personal data if this is necessary for the contractual processing of payments.
2. Stripe
If you choose a payment method of the payment service provider
                                    Stripe, the payment processing is carried out by Stripe Payments Europe Ltd., 1
                                    Grand Canal Street Lower, Grand Canal Dock, Dublin, Ireland, to whom we pass on your
                                    information provided during the ordering process together with the information about
                                    your order (name, address, account number, bank code, possibly credit card number,
                                    invoice amount, currency and transaction number) in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1
                                    sentence 1 lit. b DSGVO. The transfer of your data takes place exclusively for the
                                    purpose of payment processing with the payment service provider Stripe Payments
                                    Europe Ltd. and only insofar as it is necessary for this purpose.
Stripe transfers, processes and, where applicable, stores personal
                                    data outside the EU. In doing so, Stripe undertakes to take appropriate safeguards
                                    in accordance with Art. 46 GDPR in the form of standard contractual clauses (See
https://stripe.com/privacy-center/legal#data-transfers
).
We have also entered into an order processing agreement with
                                    Stripe.
For more information about Stripe's privacy policy, please visit
https://stripe.com/de/privacy#translation
.
XIV. Career Portal
On some of our websites, we display job offers for which interested
                                    parties can apply by e-mail or by filling out the respective input masks.
                                    Unsolicited applications can also be sent to us by e-mail. In the event of an
                                    incoming application, we process the data received from the applicant exclusively
                                    for the purpose of processing for potential filling of the vacant position.
The primary legal basis for this is Article 88 DSGVO in conjunction
                                    with Section 26 (1) BDSG.
Within our company, only those persons have access to your personal
                                    data who are responsible for the processing of the application procedure and who are
                                    the decision-makers regarding the application outcome.
We delete your personal data as soon as they are no longer required
                                    for the above-mentioned purposes. If we conclude an employment contract with an
                                    applicant, the transmitted data will be stored for the purpose of processing the
                                    employment relationship in compliance with the statutory provisions. If no
                                    employment contract is concluded with the applicant, the application documents will
                                    be deleted no later than six months after notification of the rejection decision,
                                    provided that no other legitimate interests of the controller conflict with such
                                    deletion. Other legitimate interest in this sense is, for example, a duty to provide
                                    evidence in proceedings under the General Equal Treatment Act (AGG).
Jobware
Some of our job markets are implemented with our partner, Jobware
                                    GmbH, Technologiepark 15, 33100 Paderborn, Germany (Jobware). Jobware writes some
                                    necessary cookies and local storage objects. All cookies and local storage objects
                                    are important technical components of the counting and billing functionality as well
                                    as the quality management of Jobware.
When you call up and use the job market websites listed above, your
                                    IP address, user agent string and standard headers are transmitted to Jobware. This
                                    is a technical necessity in order to be able to display job offers to you.
In addition to the aforementioned user session log data, Jobware
                                    stores other cookies, such as a pseudonymous cookie ID ("jobtimize"), which is used
                                    to provide advertisers with anonymous statistics on the performance of job ads. In
                                    addition, "jobtimize" is used together with the collection of IP address, operating
                                    system, browser, screen resolution, geolocation (down to city level) and click time
                                    to prevent click fraud. The data collected is not processed for any other
                                    purpose.
Jobware anonymises this data after one month, so that no reference
                                    to the user is possible any more.
XV. Forum
Reading our forums is possible without registration. If you would
                                    like to actively participate in a forum, you must register by providing your e-mail
                                    address, a password of your choice and your freely selectable user name. There is no
                                    obligation to use a clear name, a pseudonymous use is possible. We use the so-called
                                    double opt-in procedure for registration, i.e. your registration is only completed
                                    once you have confirmed your registration by clicking on the link contained in a
                                    confirmation e-mail sent to you for this purpose. If your confirmation is not
                                    received within 24 hours, your registration will be automatically deleted from our
                                    database.
If you register a forum account, we store all the information you
                                    provide in the forum, i.e. public posts, pinboard entries, friendships, private
                                    messages, etc., in addition to your registration data until you log out, in order to
                                    operate the forum. The legal basis is Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. b DSGVO.
If you delete your account, your public statements, especially
                                    contributions to the forum, will remain visible to all readers, but your account
                                    will no longer be retrievable and will be marked with "[Guest]" in the forum. All
                                    other data will be deleted.
XVI. Comment Function
On some of our homepages you have the possibility to comment on
                                    individual contributions. If you leave a comment, this comment will be made publicly
                                    accessible. Furthermore, the selected user name as well as the date and time of the
                                    comment entry will be stored and published. We would like to point out that for
                                    security reasons your IP address will also be logged.
The legal basis for the storage of this personal data is Art. 6
                                    para. 1 p. 1 lit. c DSGVO, as we must exculpate ourselves in the event of a
                                    violation of the law. Your personal data will not be passed on to third parties. The
                                    only exceptions are if the disclosure is required by law or serves the legal defense
                                    of the controller.
Disqus
For some comment functions we have integrated the components of the
                                    company Disqus. Disqus allows you to log in either via your own Disqus user account
                                    ("Account") or via existing user accounts on Facebook, X and Instagram. If
                                    you log in to the Disqus function on our websites with your social media accounts,
                                    these service providers will also collect and process information about your use of
                                    the Disqus functions.
Please take note of the privacy information of the respective
                                    providers. Disqus is an internationally widespread platform. With a registration,
                                    one can comment on any website that uses Disqus. Disqus transmits the user's email
                                    address and the IP address used while entering a comment. We need this information
                                    solely for the purpose of contacting you in connection with your use of Disqus, for
                                    example if we have queries about your user comment.
The operating company of Disqus is Disqus Inc., 301 Howard St, Floor
                                    3 San Francisco, CA 94105, USA. The privacy policy is available at
help.disqus.com/terms-and-policies/disqus-privacy-policy
.
XVII. Production of Film, Image and Sound Recordings
As already stated on your ticket or event documents, film and photo
                                    recordings may be made within the scope of events of the EBNER MEDIA GROUP for media
                                    support in print and online media. The recordings are intended to document the event
                                    - however, it is possible that you as a participant will be seen on one of the
                                    recordings. According to the new data protection regulations, we are obliged to
                                    inform you how we handle these recordings.
This statement explains how we use your personal information, the
                                    purposes for which it is used, with whom it is shared, and what control and
                                    information rights you may have.
In the context of an EBNER MEDIA GROUP event, film and photo
                                    recordings may be made to accompany the event in the media. It is possible that you
                                    as a participant are visible on one of the recordings, if necessary only in the
                                    background.
The EBNER MEDIA GROUP or the third parties commissioned with the
                                    documentation process the photographs and video recordings made by us for the media
                                    accompaniment of the event, for subsequent reporting as well as for the advertising
                                    of other similar events of ours in both print and online media, so that the
                                    recordings can also be placed on the Internet.
If data is transferred to service providers, this is done by way of
                                    order processing. For the above-mentioned purposes, we may also use the recordings
                                    made in online media, e.g. on the Internet.
We process the recordings in our legitimate interest in media
                                    coverage of concerts organised by us as well as for the promotion of other similar
                                    events in accordance with Art. 6 (1) lit. f DSGVO. If you have given us your
                                    (implied) consent, the processing of the photo and video recordings will be based on
                                    your consent in accordance with Art. 6 (1) a DSGVO.
Our aim is to process your personal data only to the minimum extent
                                    possible. As a matter of principle, we will only store your personal data for as
                                    long as it is required to fulfil the purpose for which it was originally
                                    collected.
You have other data protection rights, depending on the
                                    circumstances of the specific case. Read here about the section Your rights in this
                                    privacy statement.
XVIII. Implementation of Webinars / Online Events
A webinar can be compared to a face-to-face seminar. The difference
                                    is that it is computer/software based and takes place over the internet.
If you would like to register for one of the webinars offered on our
                                    websites, this is done via the registration mask provided by us. In doing so, we
                                    collect the following data from you, for example:
Salutation, title, name, e-mail, position in the company, company, address,
                                        payment data.
During and after the webinar, statistical data will be transmitted
                                    to us.
An encrypted connection is established between you and the webinar
                                    organizer. We will not record the audio or visual information you transmit during
                                    this session. By clicking "Join" you confirm that you will not record or screen
                                    capture this session either.
We do, however, make recordings of some of our events, whereby only
                                    the webinar leaders and presenters are recorded in order to later offer the digital
                                    events recorded in this way in our shop. However, you as a participant are not
                                    recorded.
You can end the session at any time by simply closing the browser
                                    window or exiting the program or app. If the presenter ends the session, your
                                    session participation will automatically end as well."
We use the following service providers to implement the
                                    webinars:
1. goToMeeting
In order to be able to conduct webinars via the Internet, we
                                    sometimes use the software solution "GoToWebinar" of LogMeIn, Inc, 320 Summer
                                    Street, Boston, MA 02210, USA. For the provision of this service and the related
                                    data processing, LogMeIn, Inc. is the controller.
The LogMeIn, Inc. privacy policy can be found at:
https://www.logmeininc.com/de/legal/privacy
.
For the order-related execution of the webinar, we transmit your
                                    registration data to LogMeIn, Inc.
The legal basis for the processing of data via GoToWebinar is Art. 6
                                    para. 1 p. 1 lit. b DSGVO. We provide contractual services with "GoToWebinar". In
                                    addition to the implementation of webinars, this includes the follow-up of
                                    participation data for the creation of e.g. certificates of participation.
An order processing contract has been concluded with GoToWebinar on
                                    the basis of the standard data protection clauses.
2. Daily
We also sometimes use the service of the US provider daily.co, San
                                    Francisco (HQ), CA, United States, 1925 48th Ave, San Francisco, "daily", to host
                                    webinars.
The legal basis for the processing of data via "daily" is Art. 6
                                    para. 1 p. 1 lit. b DSGVO. We provide contractual services with "daily". In addition
                                    to the implementation of webinars, this includes the follow-up of participation data
                                    for the creation of e.g. certificates of participation.
An order processing contract was concluded with "daily" on the basis
                                    of the standard data protection clauses.
For more information on data processing by "daily", please visit:
https://www.daily.co/privacy
.
3. Vimeo
For live streaming events we sometimes use the service of the US
                                    provider Vimeo, Inc., 555 West 18th Street, New York 10011, USA "Vimeo".
The legal basis for the processing of data via "Vimeo" is Art. 6
                                    para. 1 p. 1 lit. b DSGVO. We provide contractual services with "Vimeo". In addition
                                    to the implementation of live streaming events, this includes the post-processing of
                                    participation data for the creation of e.g. certificates of participation.
The videos are played on
https://vimeo.com/de/
and can be played directly from our website.
These are all integrated in "extended data protection mode", which
                                    means that no data about you as a user is transferred to Vimeo if you do not play
                                    the videos. Only when you play the videos, the data mentioned in paragraph 2 are
                                    transmitted. We have no influence on this data transmission.
By visiting the website, Vimeo receives the information that you
                                    have accessed the corresponding subpage of our website. This occurs regardless of
                                    whether Vimeo provides a user account through which you are logged in or whether no
                                    user account exists. Vimeo stores your data as user profiles and uses them for the
                                    purposes of advertising, market research and/or the design of its website in line
                                    with requirements. Such an evaluation is carried out in particular (even for users
                                    who are not logged in) to provide needs-based advertising and to inform other users
                                    of the social network about your activities on our website. You have the right to
                                    object to the creation of these user profiles, whereby you must contact Vimeo to
                                    exercise this right.
An order processing contract was concluded with "Vimeo" on the basis
                                    of the standard data protection clauses.
For more information on data processing by "Vimeo", please visit:
https://vimeo.com/privacy
.
4. YouTube
For live-streaming events we sometimes use the service of the US
                                    provider YouTube of Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4,
                                    Ireland.
The legal basis for the processing of data via "YouTube" is Art. 6
                                    para. 1 p. 1 lit. b DSGVO. We provide contractual services with "YouTube". In
                                    addition to the implementation of live-streaming events, this includes the
                                    post-processing of participation data for the creation of e.g. certificates of
                                    participation.
The videos are played on
https://www.youtube.com/
and can be played directly from our website.
These are all integrated in "extended data protection mode", i.e. no
                                    data about you as a user is transmitted to YouTube if you do not play the videos.
                                    Only when you play the videos, the data mentioned in paragraph 2 are transmitted. We
                                    have no influence on this data transmission.
By visiting the website, YouTube receives the information that you
                                    have accessed the corresponding subpage of our website. This occurs regardless of
                                    whether YouTube provides a user account via which you are logged in or whether no
                                    user account exists. YouTube stores your data as usage profiles and uses them for
                                    the purposes of advertising, market research and/or designing its website in line
                                    with requirements. Such an evaluation is carried out in particular (even for users
                                    who are not logged in) to provide needs-based advertising and to inform other users
                                    of the social network about your activities on our website. You have the right to
                                    object to the creation of these user profiles, whereby you must contact YouTube to
                                    exercise this right.
An order processing contract was concluded with "YouTube" on the
                                    basis of the standard data protection clauses.
For more information on the purpose and scope of data collection and
                                    processing by YouTube, please see the privacy policy. There you will also find
                                    further information about your rights and setting options to protect your privacy:
https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy
Opt-Out:
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/10261289?hl=de&ref_topic=7048998
.
5. LO:X
LO:X is our digital event and e-learning platform. It is developed
                                    and operated by Team Seefried GmbH Co. KG, Traubinger Str. 41, 82327 Tutzing.
Both digital and hybrid events are conducted via LO:X. In order to
                                    use the service, registration with your data required from the input mask is
                                    necessary. This allows you to create a public profile that other participants of our
                                    events can view. Subscribers to certain products can access their subscribed content
                                    via the platform as part of their subscription. Individual courses can also be
                                    purchased via the platform.
The legal basis for the processing of the above-mentioned data is
                                    Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. b DSGVO.
Further information on the handling of your data can be found in the
                                    data protection declaration of Team Seefried GmbH Co KG at:
https://teamseefried.digital/datenschutzerklarung/
.
6. Miro
If you take part in our online events, in some cases we offer you
                                    the opportunity to collect, record and share topics and ideas together via the
                                    virtual whiteboard software Miro.
To do this, you usually register directly on miro.com or are invited
                                    to do so via a link, in which case no registration is necessary, and work together
                                    on whiteboards created or provided by us as part of the moderated webinar.
The provider is RealtimeBoard, Inc. dba Miro ("Miro"), 201 Spear
                                    Street, Suite 1100, San Francisco, CA 94105.
If you use this interaction tool, this requires your consent to the
                                    use of data by Miro. Thus, the legal basis results from Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. a
                                    DSGVO.
The following personal data may be processed by you:
User details (if you participate with registered access): First name, last name,
                                        e-mail address, password (if "Sin-gle Sign-On" is not used), telephone
                                        (optional), profile picture (optio-nal).
Meeting metadata: Topic, description (optional), IP address, device/hardware
                                        information.
Shared content: Content shared on a Miro whiteboard is stored. It can be, for
                                        example, text, images, drawings, audio or video files, websites or embeddings
                                        from other services
Aggregated data: Miro stores anonymized data about user behavior such as the
                                        geographic location of the dial-in or the type of terminal device. This
                                        aggregated data does not allow any inference to the person and is stored even
                                        after the individual user has been deleted.
You have the option to minimize the personal data collected and
                                    stored by Miro by participating without registering an account or giving your
                                    name.
Please note that RealtimeBoard, Inc. has its headquarters in the
                                    USA. Therefore, a third country transfer to the USA cannot be excluded. However, we
                                    have concluded an order processing agreement and standard contractual clauses with
                                    the provider.
Further information on data processing by Miro can be found at:
https://miro.com/legal/privacy-policy/
.
7. Memberspot
We use the service Memberspot (Memberspot GmbH, Rilkestr. 26, 71642
                                    Ludwigsburg, Germany) for hosting and providing video courses. This also includes
                                    the necessary account and access management for the corresponding courses.
For this purpose, an account will be created for you at Memberspot,
                                    which requires your e-mail address and, if applicable, your first and last name.
                                    In addition, your meta and communication data, such as your device information and
                                    your IP address, will be processed for technical provision.
The legal basis for data processing when providing the “Memberspot”
                                    course platform is the processing of the contractual relationship in accordance with
                                    Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. b GDPR.
Your data will be deleted as soon as it is no longer required to
                                    fulfill contractual or legal obligations and there are no legal obligations to retain it.
Further information on data processing by Memberspot can be found at
https://www.memberspot.de/datenschutz
.
XIX. Competitions and Quizzes
To participate in sweepstakes, you provide data that we may process
                                    for the performance of the contract (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b DSGVO) and based on your
                                    consent (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a DSGVO). Your data will be passed on to our
                                    competition service providers and sponsors within the framework of the conditions of
                                    participation to which you have consented and deleted if it is no longer required.
                                    You have the right to revoke any consent given in accordance with Art. 7 (3) DSGVO
                                    with effect for the future.
Contentbird
For the provision of competitions on some websites we use the
                                    service provider Contentbird of contentbird GmbH, Knesebeckstraße 59-61, D-10719
                                    Berlin. Contenbird processes the data required by you in the corresponding input
                                    mask in order to be able to participate in the competition.
You can obtain further information on data processing by Contentbird
                                    at:
https://de.contentbird.io/terms-conditions/
.
XX. Surveys
Following successfully completed orders or at the appropriate place
                                    on our websites, we provide you as a user with a survey (via e-mail) at regular
                                    intervals. If you click on the corresponding link within the e-mail or the website,
                                    you will be taken to our survey page, where you can then participate in it. Through
                                    this survey, we aim to use your satisfaction to continually improve our services and
                                    products. You can object to participation in the surveys and the receipt of further
                                    e-mails at any time.
The following data will be linked to the previously stored data from
                                    your profile, or collected in the corresponding input mask, for example:
Satisfaction on a scale, comment entered, name, e-mail address
Furthermore, the following data will be stored when you submit the
                                    survey:
IP address, date and time of the sending process
If you have agreed to a survey, the legal basis for offering the
                                    surveys and linking the data provided with a profile is your consent in accordance
                                    with Art. 6 Para. 1 S.1 lit. a DSGVO.
If you have placed an order with us and have not objected to the
                                    survey, the legal basis for the survey in connection with your order is § 7 para 3
                                    UWG. You can object to further contact on our part at any time without incurring
                                    further costs. To do so, simply click on the corresponding link in the email.
The additional data collected during the submission process is only
                                    used to prevent misuse of the survey and to ensure the security of our information
                                    technology systems. These are deleted at the latest after the evaluation of the
                                    surveys.
Your personal data will be deleted as soon as they are no longer
                                    required to achieve the purpose for which they were collected. For the survey, this
                                    is the case when the evaluation of the survey has taken place. You also have the
                                    option to revoke your consent to the processing of the data provided in the survey
                                    before this time.
In addition, we sometimes use the following service providers for
                                    the surveys:
1. Surveymonkey
To conduct surveys on our websites, we sometimes use the services of
                                    SurveyMonkey Europe UC, 2 Shelbourne Buildings, Shelbourne Road, Dublin, Ireland.
                                    When you voluntarily participate in these surveys, SurveyMonkey collects information
                                    about the device and application you use to take the survey. This includes your IP
                                    address, operating system version, device type, system and performance information,
                                    and browser type. If you are taking the survey through a mobile device, SurveyMonkey
                                    also collects the device's UUID. SurveyMonkey also uses so-called third-party
                                    tracking services, which in turn use cookies and page tags (also known as web
                                    beacons) to collect usage data and user statistics. We have no control over the
                                    amount of data SurveyMonkey collects. For more information about the cookies
                                    SurveyMonkey uses, privacy practices, and retention periods, please visit
https://www.surveymonkey.com/mp/legal/privacy/
.
You can prevent the installation of cookies by deleting existing
                                    cookies and deactivating the storage of cookies in the settings of your web browser.
                                    We point out that in this case you may not be able to use all features of our
                                    website.
We use SurveyMonkey to provide you with surveys. The basis for the
                                    collection of your data is your consent according to Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. a
                                    DSGVO.
SurveyMonkey Europe UC is a subsidiary of SurveyMonkey Inc. based in
                                    the USA. It is not excluded that your data collected by SurveyMonkey will also be
                                    transmitted to the USA.
2. LimeSurvey
For surveys we also sometimes use the survey system "LimeSurvey" of
                                    LimeSurvey GmbH, Umfragedienste & Beratung, Papenreye 63, 22453 Hamburg /
                                    Germany. LimeSurvey is a free survey software. It can be used to create and conduct
                                    web-based surveys. The survey results are recorded anonymously in a database and can
                                    be evaluated and/or exported by the survey creator with internal functions.
No personal information about you is stored in the survey responses
                                    unless explicitly asked for in a question. The response in this regard is always
                                    voluntary. Nevertheless, it cannot be ruled out in individual cases that, on the
                                    basis of the survey responses given, it is possible to draw conclusions about a
                                    certain number of people. Therefore, it is always possible to answer such prominent
                                    answers with the answer "no information" or to skip the answer.
Data processing in the context of participation in an online survey
                                    is based on your consent Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. a DSGVO.
If you have accepted the consent to the survey on the start page,
                                    LimeSurvey sets a so-called function cookie. This corresponds to a normal session
                                    cookie as is the case when calling up websites.
3. Google Forms
For the creation and implementation of surveys to improve our
                                    services and for the participation in competitions, we occasionally use the tool
                                    Google Forms as part of the program package G-Suite of the company Google Ireland
                                    Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland ("Google").
We do not assign the data collected with the Google Forms such as
                                    gender, age, occupational group and interests to specific persons. They are stored
                                    anonymously and evaluated in internal company statistics to improve our offer. An
                                    exception to this is the e-mail address for participation in the competition. We use
                                    this to notify the winners. The e-mail addresses are stored and deleted after the
                                    competition has been completed. Participation in the surveys and the competitions is
                                    voluntary. The legal basis for the data processing is your consent pursuant to Art.
                                    6 (1) sentence 1 lit a DSGVO or our contractual obligation to notify the winners
                                    pursuant to Art. 6 (1) sentence 1 lit b DSGVO. You can revoke your consent at any
                                    time. Automated decision-making including profiling does not take place.
Your data will not be passed on to third parties. However, we cannot
                                    exclude that Google processes personal data of the user on its own authority. This
                                    may happen on servers in third countries. To meet EU data protection requirements,
                                    G-Suite offers EU standard contractual clauses and a data processing addendum. For
                                    more information about data processing in connection with Google Forms, please
                                    visit:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
.
XXI. Google Tag Manager
Some of our websites use Google Tag Manager. Google Tag Manager is a
                                    solution that allows marketers to manage website tags through one interface. The
                                    tool itself (which implements the tags) does not use cookies and only collects your
                                    IP address out of technical necessity. The tool triggers other tags, which in turn
                                    may set cookies and collect data. Google Tag Manager does not access this data. If a
                                    deactivation has been made at the domain or cookie level, this remains in place for
                                    all tracking tags implemented with Google Tag Manager.
The legal basis for the use of the technically necessary service is
                                    the legitimate interest of the website operator according to Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1
                                    lit. f DSGVO.
For further information, please refer to the provider's terms of use
                                    at:
https://www.google.com/intl/de/tagmanager/use-policy.html
.
XXII. Content Delivery Networks (CDN) / Hosting / Security / Search Services
Some of our websites use so-called content delivery networks to
                                    provide popular online libraries and web fonts. Access is then made directly to the
                                    servers of the operators, so that data such as the calling IP address, referrer,
                                    browser information, etc. accrue there.
In addition, some websites are hosted by external service providers
                                    with whom we have concluded a corresponding order processing agreement.
Finally, we use services that serve to maintain the security and
                                    functionality of our website.
The legal basis for this is our legitimate interest in accordance
                                    with Art. 6 Para. 1 S. 1 lit. f DSGVO, to present our site in line with
                                    requirements, to optimise the user experience and to guarantee security and
                                    functionality.
You can prevent the collection as well as the processing of your
                                    data by such services by deactivating the execution of script code in your browser
                                    or by installing a script blocker in your browser (you can find such a blocker e.g.
                                    at
www.noscript.net
).
The following is a list of the services used:
1. DigitalOcean
Some of our websites are operated on servers of DigitalOcean, LLC
                                    based in NYC, USA (server owner). The server operated is located in Frankfurt,
                                    Germany (server location).
The hoster uses the collected data to operate the websites and to
                                    ensure IT security. In the event of concrete indications, the log data may be
                                    analysed subsequently.
Visitor data stored by the hoster is deleted after 365 days.
For more information on data protection, please visit
https://www.digitalocean.com/legal/gdpr/
.
2. Amazon Cloudfront
Furthermore, we occasionally use the Content Delivery Network (CDN)
                                    Amazon CloudFront of Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL, 38 avenue John F. Kennedy,
                                    L-1855 Luxembourg (AWS) to increase the security and delivery speed of our website.
                                    For this purpose, personal data may be processed in server log files by AWS.
AWS is a recipient of your personal data and acts as a processor on
                                    our behalf.
The processing of the data provided under this section is not
                                    required by law or by contract. The functionality of the website is not guaranteed
                                    without the processing.
Your personal data will be stored by AWS for as long as necessary
                                    for the purposes described.
For more information on how to object to and opt out of AWS, please
                                    visit:
https://www.digitalocean.com/legal/gdpr/
.
AWS has implemented compliance measures for international data
                                    transfers. These apply to all global activities where AWS processes personal data of
                                    individuals in the EU. These measures are based on the EU Standard Contractual
                                    Clauses (SCCs). For more information, please visit:
d1.awsstatic.com/legal/aws-gdpr/AWS_GDPR_DPA.pdf
.
3. code.jquery.com for jQuery Migrate
Some of our websites use jQuery Migrate for better stability. In
                                    this regard, program libraries are called from jQuery servers. Google's CDN (content
                                    delivery network) is used. If you have previously used jQuery Migrate on another
                                    page from the jQuery CDN, your browser will fall back to the cached copy. If not,
                                    this will require a download, where data from your browser will go to the jQuery
                                    Foundation ("jQuery.org"). Your data will be transferred to the USA. You can find
                                    out more at:
https://code.jquery.com/
and the jQuery Foundation privacy policy:
https://openjsf.org/privacy
4. ajax.googleapis.com for jQuery and jQueryUI
Some of our websites use Ajax and jQuery or jQueryUI technologies,
                                    which optimizes loading speeds. In this regard, program libraries are called from
                                    Google servers. Google's CDN (content delivery network) is used. If you have
                                    previously used jQuery on another page from the Google CDN, your browser will fall
                                    back to the cached copy. If this is not the case, it will require a download, and
                                    data from your browser will be sent to Google. Your data will be transferred to the
                                    USA. You can find out more at:
developers.google.com/speed/libraries/
and at the privacy policy:
policies.google.com/privacy
5. Google Web Fonts
Sometimes we integrate the fonts ("Google Web Fonts") of the
                                    provider Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, on
                                    the
                                    basis of our legitimate interest pursuant to Art. 6 (1) p. 1 lit. f DSGVO. The aim
                                    is the optimization and economic operation of our homepage.
The privacy policy of the provider can be found at:
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy
.
The opt-out can be set at:
https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated
.
6. Font Awesome
Some of our websites use so-called web fonts for the uniform display
                                    of fonts, which are provided by Fonticons, Inc., 6 Porter Road, Apartment 3R,
                                    Cambridge, MA 02140, United States of America. When you call up a page, your browser
                                    loads the required web fonts into its browser cache in order to display texts and
                                    fonts correctly.
For this purpose, the browser you use must connect to the servers of
                                    Fonticons, Inc. This enables Fonticons, Inc. to know that our website has been
                                    accessed via your IP address. The use of web fonts is in the interest of a uniform
                                    and appealing presentation of our online offers.
This constitutes a legitimate interest within the meaning of Art. 6
                                    para. 1 s. 1 lit. f DSGVO.
If your browser does not support web fonts, a default font will be
                                    used by your computer.
For more information about Font Awesome, please visit
https://fontawesome.com/help
and read the
                                    Fonticons, Inc. privacy policy:
https://fontawesome.com/privacy
.
7. Cloudflare
In order to provide you with secure data transmission on our
                                    websites using SSL encryption and to secure our websites against malicious, mass
                                    (DDoS) or other access that would interfere with or prevent the operation of the
                                    websites, we sometimes use the service of Cloudflare, Inc. 101 Townsend St San
                                    Francisco, CA 94107.
We have concluded a corresponding order processing agreement with
                                    Cloudflare on the basis of the DSGVO.
As part of the protection of these websites Cloudflare uses a script
                                    and possibly a cookie in your browser. This cookie is used to validate access and
                                    detect malicious access attempts. Cloudflare collects statistical data about visits
                                    to this website. The access data includes:
Name of the website accessed, file, date and time of access, amount
                                    of data transferred, notification of successful access, browser type and version,
                                    the user's operating system, referrer URL (the previously visited page), IP address
                                    and the requesting provider.
Cloudflare uses the log data for statistical analysis for the
                                    purpose of operation, security and optimization of the offer. Please also read the
                                    privacy policy of Cloudflare which is available here
https://www.cloudflare.com/privacypolicy/
.
Your data will be deleted as soon as they are no longer required to
                                    achieve the purpose for which they were collected.
You can prevent the collection and forwarding as well as the
                                    processing of this data by deactivating the execution of script code in your
                                    browser, installing a script blocker in your browser (you can find this for example
                                    at
www.noscript.net
) or activating the "Do
                                    Not Track" setting of your browser.
8. Google ReCaptcha
Furthermore, on some of our websites we use the Google service
                                    reCaptcha to determine whether a human or a computer makes a certain entry in our
                                    contact or newsletter form.
Google uses the following data to check whether you are a human or a
                                    computer: IP address of the terminal device used, the website that you visit with us
                                    and on which the captcha is embedded, the date and duration of the visit, the
                                    recognition data of the browser and operating system type used, Google account if
                                    you are logged in to Google, mouse movements on the reCaptcha areas as well as tasks
                                    in which you have to identify images.
Further information on the provider Google Ireland Limited, Gordon
                                    House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland is available at
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
.
Opt-Out:
https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated
9. AddSearch Oy
On some of our websites, we offer you the possibility of full-text
                                    search via our content. We implement the search solution with our service provider
                                    AddSearch Oy, Töölönkatu 4, FI-00100 Helsinki, Finland (AddSearch). AddSearch does
                                    not write cookies or local storage objects. We process information about the use of
                                    the services anonymously for statistical purposes on the basis of our legitimate
                                    interest (Art. 6 para. 1 p.1 lit. f DSGVO) to improve the quality of the service.
                                    The storage period for this data is max. 1 year. An objection to the usage analysis
                                    is possible in the privacy settings. You can find the privacy policy of AddSearch
                                    at:
https://www.addsearch.com/privacy/
XXIII. Web Analytics
The following analysis and tracking services may be used on our
                                    websites:
1. Google Analytics
Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc
                                    ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your
                                    computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information
                                    generated by the cookie about your use of the website will be transmitted to and
                                    stored by Google on servers in the United States. In the event that IP anonymisation
                                    is activated on this website, however, your IP address will be truncated beforehand
                                    by Google within member states of the European Union or in other contracting states
                                    to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the
                                    full IP address be transmitted to a Google server in the USA and shortened there. On
                                    behalf of the operator of this website, Google will use this information for the
                                    purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity
                                    and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage to the
                                    website operator.
The IP address transmitted by your browser as part of Google
                                    Analytics will not be merged with other Google data.
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate
                                    settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be
                                    able to use the full functionality of this website. You can also prevent the
                                    collection of data generated by the cookie and related to your use of the website
                                    (including your IP address) to Google and the processing of this data by Google by
                                    downloading and installing the browser plug-in available at the following link:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de
.
We use Google Analytics with the extension "_anonymizeIp()". This
                                    means that IP addresses are processed in abbreviated form, which means that personal
                                    references can be ruled out. If the data collected about you is related to a person,
                                    this is therefore immediately excluded and the personal data is deleted
                                    immediately.
We use Google Analytics to analyse and regularly improve the use of
                                    our website. The statistics obtained allow us to improve our offer and make it more
                                    interesting for you as a user. The legal basis for the use of Google Analytics is
                                    your consent in accordance with Art. 6 (1) p. 1 lit. a DSGVO.
Third party information: Google Dublin, Google Ireland Ltd, Gordon
                                    House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, Fax: +353 (1) 436 1001.
User terms and conditions:
https://www.google.com/analytics/terms/de.html
,
                                    overview of data protection:
https://www.google.com/intl/de/analytics/learn/privacy.html
,
                                    and data protection declaration:
https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy
.
2. Google Firebase
We sometimes use the tracking service "Firebase" provided by Google
                                    Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland ("Google").
Google Firebase uses tracking technologies that enable an analysis
                                    of your use of our app, e.g. for performance monitoring, for error logs and for the
                                    analysis of user behaviour, e.g. which screens were viewed and which publications
                                    were opened how often.
The purpose of using Firebase is to analyse the use of our app, to
                                    improve it regularly and thus to be able to operate it more economically. The
                                    statistics obtained enable us to improve our offer and make it more interesting for
                                    you as a user.
The legal basis for this data processing is your consent within the
                                    meaning of Art. 6 Para. 1 S. 1 lit. a DSGVO.
With Firebase, information about the use of our app is collected and
                                    transmitted to Google in Ireland or the USA and stored there. The data is only
                                    collected anonymously and transmitted to Firebase. A link with other user data does
                                    not take place.
Google will use said information to evaluate your use of our app and
                                    to provide other app-related services to us.
If necessary, data will be transferred to the USA.
More information about Google Firebase and privacy can be found at
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
and
https://firebase.google.com
.
3. INFOnline /AGOF
Our websites sometimes use the INFOnline Measurement anonymous
                                    measuring procedure of INFOnline GmbH, Brühler Str. 9, D-53119 Bonn (
https://www.infonline.de
) to determine
                                    statistical parameters about the use of our offerings. The aim of the range
                                    measurement is to determine the intensity of use, the number of users of a website
                                    and the surfing behaviour statistically - on the basis of a uniform standard
                                    procedure - and thus to obtain values that are comparable across the market.
Technical and organizational measures ensure that individual users
                                    cannot be identified at any time. Data that may have a reference to a specific,
                                    identifiable person are anonymized as soon as possible. The processing of the
                                    anonymization takes place in the area of responsibility of the website operator. The
                                    collection and anonymization of the IP address is technically necessary to establish
                                    a connection to the user and to make the website available. The collection therefore
                                    takes place in the sense of Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. f DSGVO.
To provide the anonymous usage data, the usage data is encrypted in
                                    the user's browser without the use of identifiers such as cookies or similar. This
                                    includes the following data:
Offer-specific information: si field (Site Information)
Device-specific
                                    information: di field (Device Information)
Technical information: ti field
                                    (technical Information)
Client information ci field (Client Information)
Measured
                                    data: md field (Measured Data)
The encrypted data is transmitted to INFOnline together with a
                                    geolocation, which enables a regional classification at federal state/regional
                                    level. Under no circumstances can conclusions be drawn about the specific place of
                                    residence of a user from the geographical information obtained in this way.
The usage data of a technical client (e.g. a browser on a device) is
                                    aggregated across websites and stored in a database. This information is used for
                                    the technical estimation of the socio-information age and gender and transferred to
                                    the AGOF sub-service providers (agof - Arbeitsgemeinschaft Online Forschung e.V.,
                                    Europa-Allee 22 60327 Frankfurt, Germany) for further coverage processing. Within
                                    the scope of the AGOF study, socio characteristics are technically estimated on the
                                    basis of a random sample, which can be assigned to the following categories: Age,
                                    gender, nationality, occupation, marital status, general household information,
                                    household income, place of residence, Internet usage, online interests, place of
                                    use, user type.
The validity of the cookie is limited to a maximum of one year. The
                                    full IP address is not stored. The shortened IP address is stored for a maximum of
                                    60 days. The usage data in connection with the unique identifier are stored for a
                                    maximum of six months.
The purpose of the processing of personal data is the creation of
                                    statistics and the formation of user categories. The statistics are used to track
                                    and document the use of our offer. The user categories form the basis for an
                                    interest-based targeting of advertising media and advertising measures. In order to
                                    market this website, it is necessary to measure usage, which ensures comparability
                                    with other market participants. Our legitimate interest results from the economic
                                    usability of the findings resulting from the statistics and user categories and the
                                    market value of our website. This can be determined on the basis of the statistics -
                                    also in direct comparison with third-party websites.
In addition, we have a legitimate interest in making the
                                    pseudonymised data available to INFOnline, AGOF and IVW (Informationsgemeinschaft
                                    zur Feststellung der Verbreitung von Werbeträgern e. V. [IVW] Verbändehaus, Am
                                    Weidendamm 1A, 10117 Berlin, Germany) for the purpose of market research (AGOF,
                                    agma) and for statistical purposes (INFOnline, IVW). Furthermore, we have a
                                    legitimate interest in making the pseudonymised data available to INFOnline for the
                                    further development and provision of interest-based advertising media.
For the preparation of the AGOF study, the data is passed on to
                                    service providers for market research.
If you do not wish to participate in the measurement, you can object
                                    under the following link:
https://optout.ioam.de
.
Further information on data protection in the measurement process
                                    can be found on the INFOnline GmbH website
https://www.infonline.de
.
4. eTracker
On our homepages, technologies from etracker GmbH (
https://www.etracker.com
) can be used to
                                    analyse the use of our website in order to be able to improve it regularly. The
                                    statistics obtained enable us to improve our offer and make it more interesting for
                                    you as a user. The data collected is stored permanently and analysed pseudonymously.
                                    The legal basis for the use of eTracker is your consent according to Art. 6 para. 1
                                    p. 1 lit. a DSGVO.
This data may also be collected and stored for marketing and
                                    optimization purposes. Usage profiles can be created from this data under a
                                    pseudonym. Cookies can be used for this purpose. Cookies are small text files that
                                    are stored locally in the cache of the site visitor's Internet browser. The cookies
                                    enable the recognition of the Internet browser. The data collected with the eTracker
                                    technologies will not be used to personally identify the visitor to this website
                                    without the separately granted consent of the person concerned and will not be
                                    merged with personal data about the bearer of the pseudonym. The collection and
                                    storage of data can be objected to at any time with effect for the future.
The service provider is: etracker GmbH, Erste Brunnenstraße 1, 20459
                                    Hamburg, Germany;
https://www.etracker.com/de/datenschutz.html
.
5. Hotjar
We use on our website the web analytics service "Hotjar" of Hotjar
                                    Ltd. Hotjar Ltd. is a European company based in Malta (Hotjar Ltd, Level 2, St
                                    Julians Business Centre, 3, Elia Zammit Street, St Julians STJ 1000, Malta,
                                    Europe).
Through the use of "Hotjar", movements on our website can be tracked
                                    (so-called heat maps). For example, it is possible to see how far users scroll and
                                    how often they click on which buttons. Furthermore, with the help of the tool it is
                                    also possible to obtain feedback directly from the users of the website. In this
                                    way, we obtain valuable information to make our website even faster and more
                                    customer-friendly.
This website takes particular care to protect your privacy when
                                    using "Hotjar". For example, we can only track which buttons are clicked, mouse
                                    history, how far you scroll, device screen size, device type and browser
                                    information, geographic location (country only) and preferred language to display
                                    our website. Areas of the websites in which personal data of you or third parties
                                    are displayed are automatically hidden by "Hotjar" and are therefore not traceable
                                    at any time.
"Hotjar" offers each user the possibility to prevent the use of the
                                    tool by means of a "Do Not Track header". In this case, no data about the visit to
                                    the respective website will be recorded. This is a setting that is supported by all
                                    common browsers in current versions. To do this, your browser sends a request to
                                    "Hotjar" with the information to deactivate the tracking of the respective user. If
                                    you use this website with different browsers/computers, you must set up the "Do Not
                                    Track header" separately for each of these browsers/computers.
The legal basis for the use of Hotjar is your consent according to
                                    Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. a DSGVO.
You can find detailed instructions with information about your
                                    browser at:
For more information about Hotjar Ltd. and about the "Hotjar" tool,
                                    please visit:
https://www.hotjar.com
The privacy policy of Hotjar Ltd. can be found at:
https://www.hotjar.com/privacy
.
6. Mixpanel
For product analysis we use "Mixpanel" of Mixpanel Inc., One Front
                                    Street, Floor 28, San Francisco, CA 94111, USA on our website.
We use "Mixpanel" for marketing and optimization purposes, in
                                    particular to analyze the use of our website and to continuously improve individual
                                    functions and offers as well as the user experience. Through the statistical
                                    evaluation of user behavior, we can improve our offer and make it more interesting
                                    for you as a user.
"Mixpanel" offers each user the possibility to prevent the use of
                                    the tool by means of a "Do Not Track header". In this case, no data about the visit
                                    to the respective website will be recorded. This is a setting that is supported by
                                    all common browsers in current versions. To do this, your browser sends a request to
                                    "Mixpanel" with the information to deactivate the tracking of the respective user.
                                    If you use this website with different browsers/computers, you must set up the "Do
                                    Not Track header" separately for each of these browsers/computers.
The legal basis for the use of "Mixpanel" is your consent according
                                    to Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. a DSGVO.
Detailed instructions with information about your browser can be
                                    found at:
mixpanel.com/optout/
For more information about Mixpanel Inc. and the Mixpanel tool,
                                    please visit:
https://www.mixpanel.com
.
The privacy policy of Hotjar Ltd. can be found at:
https://mixpanel.com/legal/privacy-policy/
.
7. Instana
Furthermore, on some websites we use a plugin of the performance
                                    analysis service of Instana Inc, 222 South Riverside Plaza, 15th Floor, Chicago, IL
                                    60606, USA ('Instana'), which enables us to collect statistical evaluations about
                                    the speed of the website. The application sets cookies on the user's terminal
                                    device.
When a user calls up a page of the website that contains such a
                                    plugin, their browser establishes a direct connection with Instana's servers. We
                                    therefore have no influence on the scope of the data that Instana collects with the
                                    help of this plugin and therefore inform users according to their level of
                                    knowledge.
By integrating the plugin, Instana receives the information that a
                                    user has called up the corresponding page of the website. If the user is logged in
                                    to Instana, Instana can assign the visit to the website to his account with Instana.
                                    If a user is not a member of Instana, there is still the possibility that Instana
                                    learns and stores his IP address.
The purpose and scope of the data collection as well as information
                                    on the processing and use of the data by Instana, as well as setting options for
                                    protecting the privacy of users, can be found in the Instana data protection
                                    information:
https://www.instana.com/privacy-policy/
.
Instana processes personal data not only on servers in the European
                                    Economic Area but also in the USA. The USA does not have a level of data protection
                                    comparable to the GDPR; in particular, US security authorities have extensive access
                                    rights to data stored in the USA. Instana secures this data processing by concluding
                                    EU standard contractual clauses.
If the user is a member of Instana and does not want Instana to
                                    collect data about him/her on the website in order to link it to his/her membership
                                    data stored with Instana, he/she must log out of Instana before visiting the
                                    website.
8. VG Wort (METIS)
Cookies and reports on access figures
We use "session cookies"
                                    from VG Wort, Munich, to measure accesses to texts in order to record the
                                    probability of copying. Session cookies are small units of information that a
                                    provider stores in the RAM of the visitor's computer. A randomly generated unique
                                    identification number, a so-called session ID, is stored in a session cookie. In
                                    addition, a cookie contains information about its origin and the storage period.
                                    Session cookies cannot store any other data. These measurements are carried out by
                                    Kantar Germany GmbH according to the Scalable Central Measurement Method (SZM). They
                                    help to determine the copy probability of individual texts for the remuneration of
                                    legal claims of authors and publishers. We do not collect any personal data via
                                    cookies.
Some of our pages are provided with JavaScript calls, via which we
                                    report the accesses to the Verwertungsgesellschaft Wort (VG Wort). We thereby enable
                                    our authors to participate in the distributions of the VG Wort, which ensure the
                                    statutory remuneration for the uses of copyrighted works in accordance with § 53
                                    UrhG.
It is also possible to use our offers without cookies. Most browsers
                                    are set to automatically accept cookies. However, you can deactivate the storage of
                                    cookies or set your browser to notify you as soon as cookies are sent.
Web offers
Our website and our mobile web offer use the
                                    "Scalable Central Measurement Method" (SZM) of Kantar Germany GmbH for the
                                    determination of statistical characteristic values for the determination of the copy
                                    probability of texts.
Anonymous measurement values are collected in the process. The
                                    access count measurement alternatively uses a session cookie or a signature, which
                                    is created from various automatically transmitted information of your browser, for
                                    the recognition of computer systems. IP addresses are only processed in anonymous
                                    form.
The procedure was developed with due regard for data protection. The
                                    sole aim of the procedure is to determine the copying probability of individual
                                    texts.
At no time are individual users identified. Your identity always
                                    remains protected. You will not receive any advertising via the system.
For more information, please visit
https://www.vgwort.de/datenschutz.html
9. Matomo
In order to better understand what interests visitors to our
                                    websites and whether they find their way around, we sometimes use the open-source
                                    analysis tool Matomo (formerly Piwik). This tool does not use cookies to distinguish
                                    between individual users. The legal basis for the use of Matomo is Art. 6 para. 1 p.
                                    1 lit. f DSGVO.
Since Matomo is hosted on our server, data is not passed on to third
                                    parties. IP addresses are anonymized by six digits in our configuration and do not
                                    allow any conclusion about the actual connection of the visitor. Returning visitors
                                    cannot be identified.
If you do not want your visits to our websites to be recorded, you
                                    can activate the 'Do not track' option in your browser and Matomo will not collect
                                    any data from you. Via this click you can deactivate the visit statistics from you.
                                    To do this, an opt-out cookie will be set in your browser, which will disable
                                    tracking. If you do not want any tracking, activate the "Do not Track" function in
                                    your browser.
In addition, you can object to processing by activating the
                                    checkbox at the end of a page that we track with Matomo.
Further information on data processing by Matomo can be found at
https://matomo.org/privacy-policy/
.
XXIV. Social Media
We currently use the following social media platforms:
a) Facebook
Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, Merrion Road, Dublin 4, D04 X2K5,
                                    Ireland
Privacy Policy:
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
Opt-Out:
https://www.facebook.com/settings?tab=ads
and
https://www.youronlinechoices.com
b) Instagram
Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, Merrion Road, Dublin 4, D04 X2K5,
                                    Ireland.
Privacy Policy/Opt-Out:
https://instagram.com/about/legal/privacy/
.
c) X
Twitter International Unlimited Company, One Cumberland Place,
                                    Fenian Street, Dublin 2, D02 AX07, Ireland
Privacy Policy:
https://twitter.com/de/privacy
Opt-Out:
https://twitter.com/settings/account/personalization
d) YouTube (Google)
Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4,
                                    Ireland
Privacy Policy:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Opt-Out:
https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated
e) LinkedIn
LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company Wilton Place, Dublin 2,
                                    Ireland
Privacy policy
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
Opt-Out:
https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls/retargeting-opt-out
,
f) WhatsApp
Ireland Limited, 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin
                                    2, Ireland
Privacy Policy:
https://www.whatsapp.com/legal/
g) Xing
XING AG, Dammtorstraße 29-32, 20354
                                    Hamburg, Germany
Privacy Policy/ Opt-Out:
https://privacy.xing.com/de/datenschutzerklaerung
.
h) Spotify
Spotify AB, Birger Jarlsgatan 61, 113 56 Stockholm in Sweden
Privacy Policy:
www.spotify.com/de/legal/privacy-policy/
.
i) SoundCloud
SoundCloud Limited, Berners House, 47-48 Berners Street, London W1T
                                    3NF, United Kingdom.
Privacy Policy:
https://soundcloud.com/pages/privacy
.
j) TikTok
TikTok Technology Limited, 10 Earlsfort Terrace, Dublin, D02 T380,
                                    Ireland
Privacy Policy:
https://www.tiktok.com/legal/privacy-policy-eea
k) Pinterest
Pinterest Europe Ltd, Palmerston House, 2nd Floor, Fenian Street,
                                    Dublin 2, Ireland
Privacy Policy:
https://policy.pinterest.com/de/privacy-policy.
l) Acast
Acast AB (publ), Kungsgatan 12, Stockholm 111 35, Sweden
Privacy Policy:
https://www.acast.com/de/privacy-policy
1. Social Media Presence
We maintain fan pages within various social networks and platforms
                                    with the aim of communicating with the customers, interested parties and users
                                    active there and informing them about our services there.
We would like to point out that your personal data may be processed
                                    outside the European Union, which may result in risks for you (e.g. when enforcing
                                    your rights under European / German law).
As a rule, user data is processed for market research and
                                    advertising purposes. For example, usage profiles can be created from the usage
                                    behaviour and resulting interests of the users. These usage profiles can in turn be
                                    used, for example, to place advertisements within and outside the platforms that
                                    presumably correspond to the interests of the users. For these purposes, cookies are
                                    usually stored on the computers of the users, in which the usage behaviour and the
                                    interests of the users are stored. Furthermore, data may also be stored in the usage
                                    profiles regardless of the devices used by the users (in particular if the users are
                                    members of the respective platforms and are logged in to them).
The processing of the personal data of the users is based on our
                                    legitimate interests in effective information of the users and communication with
                                    the users pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. f. DSGVO. If users are asked by the
                                    respective providers for consent to data processing (i.e. declare their consent,
                                    e.g. by ticking a checkbox or confirming a button), the legal basis for processing
                                    is Art. 6 (1) S. 1 lit. a. DSGVO.
You can obtain further information on the processing of your
                                    personal data as well as your objection options under the links of the respective
                                    provider listed below. The assertion of information and other rights of the data
                                    subjects can also be made against the providers, then only they have direct access
                                    to the data of the users and have the corresponding information. Of course, we are
                                    available for any queries and will support you if you need help.
A supplementary agreement is concluded with some social media
                                    platforms when operating a fan page. According to this agreement, data subject
                                    rights can usually be asserted both with the social media platform and with us.
                                    However, the primary responsibility under the GDPR for the processing of insights
                                    data lies with the social media platform and it fulfils all obligations under the
                                    GDPR with regard to the processing of insights data. In this context, the social
                                    media platform provides the essence of the page insights supplement to the data
                                    subjects.
We, as the operator of the Fanpage, do not make any decisions
                                    regarding the processing of Insights data and all other information resulting from
                                    Art. 13 DSGVO, such as the legal basis, the identity of the responsible party and
                                    the storage period of cookies on user terminals.
2. Social Media Plug-ins
Normally, social plugins lead to the fact that every visitor to a
                                    page is immediately recorded by these services with his IP address and his further
                                    activities on the Internet are logged. This happens even if the user does not click
                                    on one of the buttons.
To prevent this, we use the Shariff method on our homepages. The
                                    social media buttons establish direct contact between the social network and the
                                    visitor only when the user actively clicks on the share button. If the user is
                                    already logged in to a social network, this is done without another window on
                                    Facebook and Instagram. On X, a pop-up window appears in which the text of the
                                    tweet can still be edited.
Consequently, you can post on social networks without the networks
                                    being able to create complete surfing profiles of you. The Shariff method is already
                                    widely used to protect users. The starting point was an initiative by www.heise.de ,
                                    where you can find more information on the current state of the discussion.
In addition, the data mentioned in section IV of this declaration
                                    will be transmitted. In the case of Facebook and Xing, according to the respective
                                    providers in Germany, the IP address is anonymised immediately after collection. By
                                    activating the plug-in, your personal data is transmitted to the respective plug-in
                                    provider and stored there (in the case of US providers, in the USA). Since the
                                    plug-in provider collects the data in particular via cookies, we recommend that you
                                    delete all cookies via your browser's security settings before clicking on the
                                    greyed-out box.
We have neither influence on the collected data and data processing
                                    procedures, nor are we aware of the full extent of the data collection, the purposes
                                    of the processing, the storage periods. We also have no information on the deletion
                                    of the collected data by the plug-in provider.
The plug-in provider stores the data collected about you as usage
                                    profiles and uses them for purposes of advertising, market research and/or
                                    demand-oriented design of its website. Such an evaluation is carried out in
                                    particular (also for non-logged-in users) for the display of needs-based advertising
                                    and to inform other users of the social network about your activities on our
                                    website. You have the right to object to the creation of these user profiles,
                                    whereby you must contact the respective plug-in provider to exercise this right. Via
                                    the plug-ins, we offer you the opportunity to interact with the social networks and
                                    other users so that we can improve our offer and make it more interesting for you as
                                    a user. The legal basis for the use of the plug-ins is your consent in accordance
                                    with Art. 6 (1) p. 1 lit. a DSGVO. How the respective social media providers process
                                    your personal data, please refer to their own privacy policy. In this respect, we
                                    are not the responsible party in the sense of the DSGVO for the operation of the
                                    social media offers.
The data transfer takes place regardless of whether you have an
                                    account with the plug-in provider and are logged in there. If you are logged in to
                                    the plug-in provider, your data collected by us will be directly assigned to your
                                    account with the plug-in provider. If you click the activated button and, for
                                    example, link to the page, the plug-in provider will also store this information in
                                    your user account and share it publicly with your contacts. We recommend that you
                                    log out regularly after using a social network, but especially before activating the
                                    button, as this allows you to avoid an assignment to your profile with the plug-in
                                    provider.
Further information on the purpose and scope of the data collection
                                    and its processing by the plug-in provider can be found in the data protection
                                    declarations of these providers communicated below. There you will also receive
                                    further information about your rights in this regard and setting options to protect
                                    your privacy.
3. Integration of YouTube Videos
We have integrated YouTube videos into our online offers, which are
                                    stored on www.youtube.com and can be played directly from our websites. These are
                                    all integrated in "extended data protection mode", i.e. no data about you as a user
                                    is transmitted to YouTube if you do not play the videos. Only when you play the
                                    videos, the data mentioned in paragraph 2 are transmitted. We have no influence on
                                    this data transmission.
By visiting the website, YouTube receives the information that you
                                    have accessed the corresponding subpage of our website. This occurs regardless of
                                    whether YouTube provides a user account through which you are logged in or whether
                                    no user account exists. If you are logged in to Google, your data will be directly
                                    assigned to your account. If you do not wish to have your data associated with your
                                    YouTube profile, you must log out before activating the button. YouTube stores your
                                    data as usage profiles and uses them for the purposes of advertising, market
                                    research and/or demand-oriented design of its website. Such an evaluation is carried
                                    out in particular (even for users who are not logged in) to provide needs-based
                                    advertising and to inform other users of the social network about your activities on
                                    our website. You have the right to object to the creation of these user profiles,
                                    whereby you must contact YouTube to exercise this right.
The legal basis for the use of the plug-in is your consent according
                                    to Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. a DSGVO. How the respective social media providers
                                    process your personal data, please refer to their own privacy policy. In this
                                    respect, we are not the responsible party in the sense of the DSGVO for the
                                    operation of the social media offers.
For more information on the purpose and scope of data collection and
                                    processing by YouTube, please refer to the privacy policy. There you will also find
                                    further information about your rights and setting options to protect your privacy:
                                    www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy
Opt-Out:
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/10261289?hl=de&ref_topic=7048998
4. Google Maps
On some of our websites we use the offer of Google Maps. This allows
                                    us to show you interactive maps directly on the website and enables you to use the
                                    map function conveniently.
By visiting the website, Google receives the information that you
                                    have called up the corresponding sub-page of our website. In addition, the data
                                    mentioned in section IV of this declaration will be transmitted to Google. This
                                    occurs regardless of whether Google provides a user account through which you are
                                    logged in or whether no user account exists. If you are logged in to Google, your
                                    data will be directly assigned to your account. If you do not wish to be associated
                                    with your Google profile, you must log out before activating the button. Google
                                    stores your data as usage profiles and uses them for the purpose of advertising,
                                    market research and/or demand-oriented design of its website. Such an evaluation is
                                    carried out in particular (even for users who are not logged in) to provide
                                    needs-based advertising and to inform other users of the social network about your
                                    activities on our website. You have the right to object to the creation of these
                                    user profiles, whereby you must contact Google to exercise this right.
The legal basis for the use of the plug-in is your consent according
                                    to Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. a DSGVO. How the respective social media providers
                                    process your personal data, please refer to their own privacy policy. In this
                                    respect, we are not the responsible party in the sense of the DSGVO for the
                                    operation of the social media offers.
Further information on the purpose and scope of the data collection
                                    and its processing by the plug-in provider can be found in the provider's privacy
                                    policy. There you will also find further information about your rights in this
                                    regard and setting options for protecting your privacy:
https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy
.
5. Vimeo Player
We have integrated Vimeo videos into our online offers, which are
                                    stored on vimeo.com/en/ and can be played directly from our websites. The provider
                                    is Vimeo, Inc., 555 West 18th Street, New York 10011, USA.
These are all integrated in "extended data protection mode", which
                                    means that no data about you as a user is transferred to Vimeo if you do not play
                                    the videos. Only when you play the videos, the data mentioned in paragraph 2 are
                                    transmitted. We have no influence on this data transmission.
By visiting the website, Vimeo receives the information that you
                                    have accessed the corresponding subpage of our website. This occurs regardless of
                                    whether Vimeo provides a user account through which you are logged in or whether no
                                    user account exists. Vimeo stores your data as user profiles and uses them for the
                                    purposes of advertising, market research and/or the design of its website in line
                                    with requirements. Such an evaluation is carried out in particular (even for users
                                    who are not logged in) to provide needs-based advertising and to inform other users
                                    of the social network about your activities on our website. You have the right to
                                    object to the creation of these user profiles, whereby you must contact Vimeo to
                                    exercise this right.
The legal basis for the use of the plug-in is your consent according
                                    to Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. a DSGVO. How the respective social media providers
                                    process your personal data, please refer to their own privacy policy. In this
                                    respect, we are not the responsible party in the sense of the DSGVO for the
                                    operation of the social media offers.
For more information on the purpose and scope of data collection and
                                    processing by Vimeo, please refer to the privacy policy. There you will also find
                                    further information on your rights and setting options to protect your privacy:
https://vimeo.com/privacy
. Vimeo also
                                    processes your personal data in the USA.
6. Intercom
To communicate via chat or respond to your support requests, we
                                    occasionally use Intercom, a service provided by Intercom, Inc, 98 Battery Street,
                                    Suite 402, San Francisco, CA 94111 USA (hereinafter "Intercom").
The legal basis for the use of the plug-in is your consent according
                                    to Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. a DSGVO. How the respective social media providers
                                    process your personal data, please refer to their own privacy policy. In this
                                    respect, we are not the responsible party in the sense of the DSGVO for the
                                    operation of the social media offers.
Detailed information about Intercom's privacy policy can be found at
https://www.intercom.com/legal/privacy
.
7. Spotify
We have sometimes integrated functions of the music service Spotify
                                    on our websites. The provider is Spotify AB, Birger Jarlsgatan 61, 113 56 Stockholm
                                    in Sweden. You can recognize the Spotify plugins by the green logo on our pages. You
                                    can find an overview of the Spotify plugins at:
developer.spotify.com
.
This allows a direct connection between your browser and the Spotify
                                    server to be established via the plugin when you visit our websites. Spotify thereby
                                    receives the information that you have visited our site with your IP address. If you
                                    click the Spotify button while logged into your Spotify account, you can link the
                                    content of our pages on your Spotify profile. This allows Spotify to assign the
                                    visit to our pages to your user account.
For more information, please see Spotify's privacy policy:
https://www.spotify.com/de/legal/privacy-policy/
.
The legal basis for the use of the plug-in is your consent according
                                    to Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. a DSGVO. How the respective social media providers
                                    process your personal data, please refer to their own privacy policy. In this
                                    respect, we are not the responsible party in the sense of the DSGVO for the
                                    operation of the social media offers.
If you do not want Spotify to associate your visit to our site with
                                    your Spotify user account, please log out of your Spotify user account.
8. Acast
We also occasionally use the podcast hosting service Acast (Acast AB
                                    (publ), Kungsgatan 12, Stockholm 111 35, Sweden). The podcasts are loaded by Acast
                                    or transmitted via Acast.
The legal basis for the use of the plug-ins is your consent
                                    according to Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. a DSGVO. How the respective social media
                                    providers process your personal data, please refer to their own privacy policy. In
                                    this respect, we are not the responsible party in the sense of the DSGVO for the
                                    operation of the social media offers.
Acast processes IP addresses and device information to enable
                                    podcast downloads/playbacks and to determine statistical data, such as retrieval
                                    figures. This data is anonymized or pseudonymized before being stored in Acast's
                                    database unless it is necessary for the provision of the podcasts.
For more information and to opt-out, please see Acast's privacy
                                    policy at
https://www.acast.com/de/privacy-policy
.
9. Gravatar
We use the service Gravatar of Automattic Inc., 60 29th Street #343,
                                    San Francisco, CA 94110, USA, within our online offers and especially in blogs.
Gravatar is a service where users can register and store profile
                                    pictures and their email addresses. If users leave posts or comments on other online
                                    presences (especially blogs) with the respective email address, their profile
                                    pictures can be displayed next to the posts or comments. For this purpose, the email
                                    address provided by users is transmitted to Gravatar in encrypted form for the
                                    purpose of checking whether a profile is stored for it. This is the sole purpose of
                                    the transmission of the email address and it is not used for other purposes, but
                                    deleted afterwards.
By displaying the images, Gravatar obtains the IP address of the
                                    user, as this is necessary for communication between a browser and an online
                                    service. More information about the collection and use of data by Gravatar can be
                                    found in the privacy policy of Automattic:
https://automattic.com/privacy/
.
If users do not want a user image associated with their Gravatar
                                    email address to appear in the comments, they should use an email address that is
                                    not on file with Gravatar to comment. We also note that it is also possible to use
                                    an anonymous email address or no email address at all if users do not want their
                                    email address to be sent to Gravatar. Users can completely prevent the transmission
                                    of data by not using our commenting system.
The legal basis for the use of the plug-ins is your consent
                                    according to Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. a DSGVO. How the respective social media
                                    providers process your personal data, please refer to their own privacy policy. In
                                    this respect, we are not the responsible party in the sense of the DSGVO for the
                                    operation of the social media offers.
10. Podigee
We also occasionally use the podcast hosting service Podigee
                                    (Podigee GmbH, Ritterstraße 2A, 10969 Berlin, Germany). The podcasts are thereby
                                    loaded by Podigee or transmitted via Podigee.
The legal basis for the use of the plug-ins is your consent
                                    according to Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. a DSGVO. How the respective social media
                                    providers process your personal data, please refer to their own privacy policy. In
                                    this respect, we are not the responsible party in the sense of the DSGVO for the
                                    operation of the social media offers.
Podigee processes IP addresses and device information in order to
                                    enable podcast downloads/playbacks and to determine statistical data, such as
                                    retrieval figures. This data is anonymized or pseudonymized before being stored in
                                    Podigee's database, unless it is necessary for the provision of the podcasts.
For more information and to opt-out, please see Podigee's privacy
                                    policy
https://www.podigee.com/de/about/privacy/
.
11. DaCast
We use the embedding function of DaCast ltd 31-33 Bondway, Vauxhall,
                                    London SW8 1SJ, United Kingdom on some of our websites. When you visit one of our
                                    pages equipped with a DaCast plugin, a connection to the DaCast servers is
                                    established. In doing so, the DaCast server is informed which of our pages you have
                                    visited. In addition, DaCast obtains your IP address. This also applies if you are
                                    not logged in to DaCast or do not have an account with DaCast. The information
                                    collected by DaCast is transmitted to the DaCast server in the USA. If you are
                                    logged into your DaCast account, you allow DaCast to associate your surfing behavior
                                    directly with your personal profile. You can prevent this by logging out of your
                                    DaCast account. For more information on the handling of user data, please refer to
                                    DaCast's privacy policy at (
www.dacast.com/privacy-policy/
).
The legal basis for the use of the plug-ins is your consent
                                    according to Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. a DSGVO. How the respective social media
                                    providers process your personal data, please refer to their own privacy policy. In
                                    this respect, we are not the responsible party in the sense of the DSGVO for the
                                    operation of the social media offers.
12. SoundCloud
Plugins of the social network SoundCloud (SoundCloud Limited,
                                    Berners House, 47-48 Berners Street, London W1T 3NF, United Kingdom.) may be
                                    integrated on our pages. You can recognise the SoundCloud plugins by the SoundCloud
                                    logo on the pages concerned.
When you visit our pages, a direct connection between your browser
                                    and the SoundCloud server is established after activation of the plugin. SoundCloud
                                    thereby receives the information that you have visited our site with your IP
                                    address. If you click the "Like" or "Share" button while logged into your SoundCloud
                                    user account, you can link and/or share the content of our pages with your
                                    SoundCloud profile. This allows SoundCloud to associate your visit to our pages with
                                    your user account. We would like to point out that we, as the site operator, have no
                                    knowledge of the content of the transmitted data or its use by SoundCloud. For more
                                    information, please see the SoundCloud privacy policy at
https://soundcloud.com/pages/privacy
.
If you do not want SoundCloud to associate your visit to our pages
                                    with your SoundCloud user account, please log out of your SoundCloud user account
                                    before activating any SoundCloud plugin content.
The legal basis for the use of the plug-ins is your consent
                                    according to Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. a DSGVO. How the respective social media
                                    providers process your personal data, please refer to their own privacy policy. In
                                    this respect, we are not the responsible party in the sense of the DSGVO for the
                                    operation of the social media offers.
13. Amazon Interactive Video Service (Amazon IVS)
For on-demand streaming and the organization of live streaming
                                    events, we sometimes use the Amazon IVS service of the provider Amazon Europe Core
                                    S.à r.l. (Société à responsabilité limitée), 38 avenue John F. Kennedy, L-1855
                                    Luxembourg.
The legal basis for the processing of data via "Amazon IVS" is Art.
                                    6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. b GDPR. We provide contractual services with "Amazon IVS". In
                                    addition to the execution of live-streaming events, this includes the
                                    post-processing of participation data for the creation of certificates of
                                    participation, for example.
The videos are played via the Amazon AWS servers and can be played
                                    directly from our website.
By visiting the website, Amazon IVS receives the information that
                                    you have accessed the corresponding subpage of our website. This occurs regardless
                                    of whether Amazon IVS provides a user account through which you are logged in or
                                    whether no user account exists. Amazon IVS stores your data as usage profiles and
                                    uses them for the purposes of advertising, market research and/or the needs-based
                                    design of its website. Such an evaluation is carried out (even for users who are not
                                    logged in) to provide needs-based advertising and to inform other users of the
                                    social network about your activities on our website. You have the right to object to
                                    the creation of these user profiles, whereby you must contact Amazon IVS to exercise
                                    this right.
Further information on data processing by "Amazon IVS" can be found
                                    at:
https://d1.awsstatic.com/legal/privacypolicy/AWS_Privacy_Notice_German_2023-09-22.pdf
.
14. Issuu
Our website includes the "Issuu" application from Issuu Inc, 131 Lytton Ave, Palo
                                    Alto, CA 94301, USA, which allows you to access and read published print media and
                                    articles as e-papers and PDFs.
Issuu uses cookies that enable your use of the website to be analysed. In this way,
                                    Issuu collects and stores personal data such as your IP address and information
                                    about the time and duration of use.
If you have an Issuu user account and do not want Issuu to collect data about you
                                    via this website and link it to your membership data stored with Issuu, you must log
                                    out of Issuu before visiting this website.
Insofar as we obtain your consent, the legal basis for the use of Issuu is your
                                    consent in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. a GDPR. You can find out how
                                    Issuu processes your personal data in the privacy policy. We are not the controller
                                    within the meaning of the GDPR for data processing by Issuu.
Further information on data processing by Issuu can be found at:
https://issuu.com/legal/privacy
.
XXV. Online advertising
The following advertising technologies may be used on our
                                    websites:
1. LinkedIn Insight Tag
We also occasionally use the LinkedIn Insight Tag feature. This
                                    allows us to track conversions, retarget website visitors, and gain additional
                                    information about members who view advertisements. We thereby pursue the interest of
                                    showing you advertisements that are of interest to you in order to make our website
                                    more interesting for you.
The LinkedIn Insight tag enables the collection of data about visits
                                    to these sites, including URL, referrer URL, IP address, device and browser
                                    properties (user agent), and timestamp. This data is encrypted, IP addresses are
                                    shortened, and LinkedIn members' direct IDs are removed within seven days to
                                    pseudonymize the data. This remaining pseudonymized data is then deleted within 90
                                    days.
LinkedIn does not share any personally identifiable information with
                                    us, but only provides aggregate reports on site audience and ad performance.
                                    LinkedIn also provides retargeting for site visitors, so we can use this data to
                                    display targeted ads outside of its site without identifying the member.
Legal basis for the processing of your data your consent according
                                    to Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. a DSGVO.
Deactivation of the "LinkedIn Insight Tag" function is possible at
                                    any time in the individual cookie settings and for logged-in users at
https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/advertising/actions-that-showed-interest
.
For more information on data processing by LinkedIn, please visit
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
.
2. Google AdSense
On our homepages, we sometimes also use the online advertising
                                    service Google AdSense, through which you can be presented with advertising tailored
                                    to your interests. We pursue with it the interest to show you advertisement, which
                                    could be of interest for you, in order to arrange our website more interesting for
                                    you. For this purpose, statistical information about you is collected and processed
                                    by our advertising partners. These advertisements are recognizable by the reference
                                    "Google ads" in the respective advertisement.
By visiting our website, Google receives the information that you
                                    have accessed our website. For this purpose, Google uses a web beacon to set a
                                    cookie on your computer. The data mentioned in section IV of this declaration is
                                    transmitted. We have no influence on the data collected, nor do we know the full
                                    extent of the data collection and the storage period. Your data will be transferred
                                    to the USA and evaluated there. If you are logged in with your Google account, your
                                    data can be directly assigned to it. If you do not wish to have your data associated
                                    with your Google profile, you must log out. It is possible that this data will be
                                    passed on to contractual partners of Google to third parties and authorities.
Legal basis for the processing of your data your consent according
                                    to Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. a DSGVO.
You can prevent the installation of cookies from Google AdSense in
                                    various ways:
a) by an appropriate setting of your browser software, in particular
                                    the suppression of third party cookies leads to the fact that you do not receive any
                                    advertisements from third party providers;
b) by deactivating Google's interest-based ads via the link
https://www.google.de/ads/preferences
,
                                    whereby this setting is deleted when you delete your cookies;
c) by deactivating the interest-based ads of the providers that are
                                    part of the self-regulatory campaign "About Ads" via the link
www.aboutads.info/choices
,
                                    whereby this setting is deleted when you delete your cookies;
d) by permanent deactivation in your browsers Firefox, Internet
                                    Explorer or Google Chrome under the link
https://www.google.com/settings/ads/plugin
.
                                    We would like to point out that in this case you may not be able to use all
                                    functions of this offer to their full extent.
Further information on the purpose and scope of the data collection
                                    and its processing as well as further information on your rights in this regard and
                                    setting options for protecting your privacy can be obtained from: Google Ireland
                                    Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland; Privacy policy for
                                    advertising:
https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/technologies/ads
.
3. Google Ads Conversion (Formerly Google Adwords Conversion)
We use the offer of Google Ads to draw attention to our attractive
                                    offers with the help of advertising media (so-called Google Ads) on external
                                    websites. We can determine how successful the individual advertising measures are in
                                    relation to the data of the advertising campaigns. In this way, we pursue the
                                    interest of displaying advertising that is of interest to you, making our website
                                    more interesting for you and achieving a fair calculation of advertising costs.
These advertisements are delivered by Google via so-called "ad
                                    servers". For this purpose, we use ad server cookies, through which certain
                                    parameters for measuring success, such as display of the ads or clicks by users, can
                                    be measured. If you access our website via a Google ad, Google Ads will store a
                                    cookie on your PC. These cookies usually expire after 30 days and are not intended
                                    to identify you personally. The unique cookie ID, number of ad impressions per
                                    placement (frequency), last impression (relevant for post-view conversions) and
                                    opt-out information (marking that the user no longer wishes to be addressed) are
                                    usually stored as analysis values for this cookie.
These cookies enable Google to recognise your internet browser. If a
                                    user visits certain pages of the website of an Ads customer and the cookie stored on
                                    his computer has not yet expired, Google and the customer can recognize that the
                                    user clicked on the ad and was redirected to this page. A different cookie is
                                    assigned to each Ads customer. Cookies can therefore not be tracked across Ads
                                    customers' websites. We ourselves do not collect or process any personal data in the
                                    aforementioned advertising measures. We only receive statistical evaluations from
                                    Google. Based on these evaluations, we can see which of the advertising measures
                                    used are particularly effective. We do not receive any further data from the use of
                                    the advertising media, in particular we cannot identify the users on the basis of
                                    this information.
Due to the marketing tools used, your browser automatically
                                    establishes a direct connection with the Google server. We have no influence on the
                                    scope and further use of the data collected by Google through the use of this tool
                                    and therefore inform you according to our state of knowledge: Through the
                                    integration of Ads Conversion, Google receives the information that you have called
                                    up the corresponding part of our website or clicked on an advertisement from us. If
                                    you are registered with a Google service, Google can assign the visit to your
                                    account. Even if you are not registered with Google or have not logged in, there is
                                    the possibility that the provider learns your IP address and stores it.
You can prevent participation in this tracking process in several
                                    ways:
a) by an appropriate setting of your browser software, in particular
                                    the suppression of third party cookies leads to the fact that you do not receive any
                                    advertisements from third party providers;
b) by disabling conversion tracking cookies by setting your browser
                                    to block cookies from the domain "www.googleadservices.com",
https://www.google.de/settings/ads
,
                                    which setting will be deleted when you delete your cookies;
c) by deactivating the interest-based ads of the providers that are
                                    part of the self-regulation campaign "About Ads" via the link
https://www.aboutads.info/choices
,
                                    whereby this setting is deleted when you delete your cookies;
d) by permanent deactivation in your browsers Firefox, Internet
                                    Explorer or Google Chrome under the link
https://www.google.com/settings/ads/plugin
.
                                    We would like to point out that in this case you may not be able to use all
                                    functions of this offer to their full extent.
The legal basis for the processing of your data is your consent Art.
                                    6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. a DSGVO.
Further information on data protection at Google can be found here:
https://www.google.com/intl/de/policies/privacy
and
https://services.google.com/sitestats/de.html
.
Alternatively, you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative
                                    (NAI) website at
https://www.networkadvertising.org
.
4. Google Ads Remarketing
We use the remarketing function within the Google Ads service. The
                                    provider is Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
                                    With the remarketing function, we can present users of our websites with
                                    advertisements based on their interests on other websites within the Google
                                    advertising network (in Google Search or on YouTube, so-called "Google Ads" or on
                                    other websites). For this purpose, the interaction of users on our website is
                                    analysed, e.g. which offers the user was interested in, in order to be able to
                                    display targeted advertising to users on other sites even after they have visited
                                    our website. For this purpose, Google stores cookies on the end devices of users who
                                    visit certain Google services or websites in the Google display network. These
                                    cookies are used to record the visits of these users. The cookies are used to
                                    uniquely identify a web browser on a particular device and not to identify an
                                    individual.
You can prevent participation in this tracking process in several
                                    ways:
a) by an appropriate setting of your browser software, in particular
                                    the suppression of third party cookies leads to the fact that you do not receive any
                                    advertisements from third party providers;
b) by disabling conversion tracking cookies by setting your browser
                                    to block cookies from the domain "www.googleadservices.com",
https://www.google.de/settings/ads
,
                                    which setting will be deleted when you delete your cookies;
c) by deactivating the interest-based ads of the providers that are
                                    part of the self-regulation campaign "About Ads" via the link
https://www.aboutads.info/choices
,
                                    whereby this setting is deleted when you delete your cookies;
d) by permanent deactivation in your browsers Firefox, Internet
                                    Explorer or Google Chrome under the link
https://www.google.com/settings/ads/plugin
.
                                    We would like to point out that in this case you may not be able to use all
                                    functions of this offer to their full extent.
The legal basis for the processing of your data is your consent in
                                    accordance with Art. 6 Para. 1 S. 1 lit. a DSGVO.
Further information on data protection at Google can be found here:
https://www.google.com/intl/de/policies/privacy
and
https://services.google.com/sitestats/de.html
.
Alternatively, you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative
                                    (NAI) website at
https://www.networkadvertising.org
.
5. Google Analytics Remarketing
Some of our websites use the functions of Google Analytics
                                    Remarketing in conjunction with the cross-device functions of Google AdWords and
                                    Google DoubleClick. The provider is Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow
                                    Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
This function makes it possible to link the advertising target
                                    groups created with Google Analytics Remarketing with the cross-device functions of
                                    Google AdWords and Google DoubleClick. In this way, interest-based, personalised
                                    advertising messages that have been adapted to you depending on your previous usage
                                    and surfing behaviour on one end device (e.g. mobile phone) can also be displayed on
                                    another of your end devices (e.g. tablet or PC).
If you have given your consent, Google will link your web and app
                                    browsing history with your Google Account for this purpose. In this way, the same
                                    personalised advertising messages can be displayed on every device on which you log
                                    in with your Google account.
To support this feature, Google Analytics collects
                                    Google-authenticated IDs of users that are temporarily linked to our Google
                                    Analytics data to define and create audiences for cross-device ad advertising.
You can prevent participation in this tracking process in several
                                    ways:
a) by an appropriate setting of your browser software, in particular
                                    the suppression of third party cookies leads to the fact that you do not receive any
                                    advertisements from third party providers;
b) by disabling conversion tracking cookies by setting your browser
                                    to block cookies from the domain "www.googleadservices.com",
https://www.google.de/settings/ads
,
                                    which setting will be deleted when you delete your cookies;
c) by deactivating the interest-based ads of the providers that are
                                    part of the self-regulation campaign "About Ads" via the link
https://www.aboutads.info/choices
,
                                    whereby this setting is deleted when you delete your cookies;
d) by permanent deactivation in your browsers Firefox, Internet
                                    Explorer or Google Chrome under the link
https://www.google.com/settings/ads/plugin
.
                                    We would like to point out that in this case you may not be able to use all
                                    functions of this offer to their full extent.
The legal basis for the processing of your data is your consent in
                                    accordance with Art. 6 Para. 1 S. 1 lit. a DSGVO.
Further information on data protection at Google can be found here:
https://www.google.com/intl/de/policies/privacy
and
https://services.google.com/sitestats/de.html
.
Alternatively, you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative
                                    (NAI) website at
https://www.networkadvertising.org
.
6. Google Dynamic Remarketing
We use the Google Dynamic Remarketing application. This is a
                                    procedure with which we would like to address you again. Through this application,
                                    after visiting some of our websites, our advertisements can be displayed to you
                                    during your further internet use. This is done by means of cookies stored in your
                                    browser, via which your usage behaviour is recorded and evaluated by Google when you
                                    visit various websites. In this way, Google can determine your previous visit to our
                                    website. According to its own statements, Google does not combine the data collected
                                    in the course of remarketing with your personal data, which may be stored by Google.
                                    In particular, according to Google, pseudonymisation is used in remarketing.
You can prevent participation in this tracking process in several
                                    ways:
a) by an appropriate setting of your browser software, in particular
                                    the suppression of third party cookies leads to the fact that you do not receive
                                    advertisements from third parties;
b) by disabling conversion tracking cookies by setting your browser
                                    to block cookies from the domain "www.googleadservices.com",
https://www.google.de/settings/ads
,
                                    which setting will be deleted when you delete your cookies;
c) by deactivating the interest-based ads of the providers that are
                                    part of the self-regulation campaign "About Ads" via the link
https://www.aboutads.info/choices,
whereby this setting is deleted when you delete your cookies;
d) by permanent deactivation in your browsers Firefox, Internet
                                    Explorer or Google Chrome under the link
https://www.google.com/settings/ads/plugin
.
                                    We would like to point out that in this case you may not be able to use all
                                    functions of this offer to their full extent.
The legal basis for the processing of your data is your consent in
                                    accordance with Art. 6 Para. 1 S. 1 lit. a DSGVO.
Further information on data protection at Google can be found here:
https://www.google.com/intl/de/policies/privacy
and
https://services.google.com/sitestats/de.html
.
Alternatively, you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative
                                    (NAI) website at
https://www.networkadvertising.org
.
7. Google DoubleClick
Some of our websites continued to use the online marketing tool
                                    DoubleClick by Google. DoubleClick uses cookies to serve ads that are relevant to
                                    users, to improve campaign performance reports, or to prevent a user from seeing the
                                    same ads more than once. Google uses a cookie ID to record which ads are shown in
                                    which browser and can thus prevent them from being shown more than once. In
                                    addition, DoubleClick can use cookie IDs to record so-called conversions that are
                                    related to ad requests. This is the case, for example, when a user sees a
                                    DoubleClick ad and later uses the same browser to visit the advertiser's website and
                                    make a purchase. According to Google, DoubleClick cookies do not contain any
                                    personal information.
Due to the marketing tools used, your browser automatically
                                    establishes a direct connection with the Google server. We have no influence on the
                                    scope and further use of the data collected by Google through the use of this tool
                                    and therefore inform you according to our level of knowledge: Through the
                                    integration of DoubleClick, Google receives the information that you have called up
                                    the relevant part of our website or clicked on an advertisement from us. If you are
                                    registered with a Google service, Google can assign the visit to your account. Even
                                    if you are not registered with Google or have not logged in, there is the
                                    possibility that the provider learns your IP address and stores it.
You can prevent participation in this tracking process in several
                                    ways:
a) by an appropriate setting of your browser software, in particular
                                    the suppression of third party cookies leads to the fact that you do not receive any
                                    advertisements from third party providers;
b) by disabling cookies for conversion tracking by setting your
                                    browser to block cookies from the domain "www.googleadservices.com",
www.google.de/settings/ads
, which
                                    setting will be deleted when you delete your cookies;
c) by deactivating the interest-based ads of the providers that are
                                    part of the self-regulation campaign "About Ads" via the link
www.aboutads.info/choices
, whereby
                                    this setting is deleted when you delete your cookies;
d) by permanent deactivation in your browsers Firefox, Internet
                                    Explorer or Google Chrome under the link
www.google.com/settings/ads/plugin
.
                                    We would like to point out that in this case you may not be able to use all
                                    functions of this offer to their full extent.
The legal basis for the processing of your data is your consent in
                                    accordance with Art. 6 Para. 1 S. 1 lit. a DSGVO.
Further information on data protection at Google can be found here:
https://www.google.com/intl/de/policies/privacy
and
https://services.google.com/sitestats/de.html
.
8. Google Syndication
On our websites, we occasionally use a web tracking service of the
                                    company Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, 4 Dublin, Ireland
                                    (hereinafter: Google Syndication). Within the scope of web tracking, Google
                                    Syndication uses scripts which are executed on your computer and which enable an
                                    analysis of the use of our website and your surfing behaviour (so-called
                                    tracking).
We carry out this analysis on the basis of the tracking service of
                                    Google Syndication in order to constantly optimise our internet offer and make it
                                    more available. In the course of using our website, data, such as in particular your
                                    IP address and your user activities, are transmitted to servers of the Google
                                    Syndication company and processed and stored outside the European Union, e.g. in the
                                    USA.
The legal basis for data processing is your consent in accordance
                                    with Art. 6 Para. 1 S.1 lit. a DSGVO.
The data is deleted as soon as the purpose of its collection has
                                    been fulfilled.
For more information on the handling of transmitted data, please see
                                    the Google Syndication privacy policy:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
.
You can prevent the collection and forwarding of personal data (in
                                    particular your IP address) and the processing of this data by deactivating the
                                    execution of script code in your browser, installing a script blocker in your
                                    browser (you can find this, for example, at
www.noscript.net
)
                                    or activating the "Do Not Track" setting in your browser.
9. Google Ads Measurement
We use "Google Ads Measurement" on some of our websites, a service
                                    of Google Ireland Limited, Google Building Gordon House, Barrow St, Dublin 4,
                                    Ireland (hereinafter referred to as "Google"). Google Ads Measurement stores and
                                    processes information about your user behaviour on our websites. For this purpose,
                                    Google Ads Measurement uses, among other things, cookies, i.e. small text files that
                                    are stored locally in the cache of your web browser on your end device and that
                                    enable an analysis of your use of our website.
We use Google Ads Measurement for marketing and optimization
                                    purposes, in particular to analyze the use of our website and to continuously
                                    improve individual functions and offers as well as the user experience. Through the
                                    statistical evaluation of user behavior, we can improve our offer and make it more
                                    interesting for you as a user.
The legal basis for data processing is your consent in accordance
                                    with Art. 6 Para. 1 S.1 lit. a DSGVO.
You can prevent the installation of cookies by deleting existing
                                    cookies and deactivating the storage of cookies in the settings of your web browser.
                                    Please note that in this case you may not be able to use the full functionality of
                                    our website. You can also prevent the collection of the aforementioned information
                                    by Google by setting an opt-out cookie on one of the websites linked below:
a) by an appropriate setting of your browser software, in particular
                                    the suppression of third party cookies leads to the fact that you do not receive any
                                    advertisements from third party providers;
b) by disabling cookies for conversion tracking by setting your
                                    browser to block cookies from the domain "www.googleadservices.com",
https://www.google.de/settings/ads
,
                                    which setting will be deleted when you delete your cookies;
c) by deactivating the interest-based ads of the providers that are
                                    part of the self-regulation campaign "About Ads" via the link
https://www.aboutads.info/choices
,
                                    whereby this setting is deleted when you delete your cookies;
d) by permanent deactivation in your browsers Firefox, Internet
                                    Explorer or Google Chrome under the link
https://www.google.com/settings/ads/plugin
.
                                    We would like to point out that in this case you may not be able to use all
                                    functions of this offer to their full extent.
You can find more information about data protection at Google here:
http://www.google.com/intl/de/policies/privacy
.
10. Seeding Alliance
Seeding Alliance collects anonymized information about user
                                    behavior, such as what content or products were viewed, which Seeding Alliance
                                    Native Advertising campaigns play. This helps Seeding Alliance to better target
                                    native advertising campaigns and show you more relevant advertising. All collectable
                                    information is anonymously assigned by Seeding Alliance to a multi-digit
                                    identification number, which is stored in a cookie on the user's computer. This
                                    means that it is not possible to draw any conclusions about the identity of the
                                    user. If IP addresses are collected, this is done immediately and anonymously.
                                    Collected data is processed in computer centres within the EU and stored in
                                    encrypted form in accordance with data protection regulations. Personal data is
                                    generally not collected. The legal basis is therefore Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. f
                                    DSGVO.
Further information:
https://seeding-alliance.de/datenschutz/
Link to opt out:
https://seeding-alliance.de/opt-out/
11. Facebook Custom Audiences / Facebook Pixel
Furthermore, some of our websites use the remarketing function
                                    "Custom Audiences" of Meta Platforms Ireland Limited ("Facebook"). This allows users
                                    of the websites to be shown interest-based advertisements ("Facebook ads") when they
                                    visit the Facebook social network or other websites that also use this procedure.
                                    We thereby pursue the interest of showing you advertisements that are of interest to
                                    you in order to make our website more interesting for you.
Due to the marketing tools used, your browser automatically
                                    establishes a direct connection with the Facebook server. We have no influence on
                                    the scope and further use of the data collected by Facebook through the use of this
                                    tool and therefore inform you according to our level of knowledge: Through the
                                    integration of Facebook Custom Audiences, Facebook receives the information that you
                                    have accessed the corresponding website of our Internet presence, or clicked on an
                                    ad of ours. If you are registered with a Facebook service, Facebook can assign the
                                    visit to your account. Even if you are not registered with Facebook or have not
                                    logged in, it is possible that the provider will learn and store your IP address and
                                    other identifying features.
Deactivating the "Facebook Custom Audiences" function is possible
                                    for logged-in users at
https://www.facebook.com/settings/?tab=ads#
.
The legal basis for the processing of your data is your consent in
                                    accordance with Art. 6 Para. 1 S. 1 lit. a DSGVO.
For more information on data processing by Facebook, please visit
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy
.
12. X Ads
We use "X Ads" on some of our websites, a service provided by
                                    Twitter International Company, One Cumberland Place, Fenian Street, Dublin 2, D02
                                    AX07 Ireland.
X Ads stores and processes information about your user
                                    behaviour on our website. For this purpose, X Ads uses, among other things,
                                    cookies, i.e. small text files that are stored locally in the cache of your web
                                    browser on your terminal device and that enable an analysis of your use of our
                                    website.
We use X Ads for marketing and optimization purposes, in
                                    particular to analyze the use of our website and to continuously improve individual
                                    functions and offers as well as the user experience. Through the statistical
                                    evaluation of user behavior, we can improve our offer and make it more interesting
                                    for you as a user.
The legal basis for the processing of your data is your consent in
                                    accordance with Art. 6 Para. 1 S. 1 lit. a DSGVO.
For more information about the third-party provider's privacy
                                    practices, please visit the following website:
https://twitter.com/de/privacy
.
13. GetSiteControl
We occasionally use the provider GetSiteControl (GetWebCraft Limited
                                    Klimentos 41-43, Klimentos Tower, Flat/Office 25, 1061, Nicosia, Cyprus).
GetSiteControl is a program that displays popups and overlay windows
                                    for information purposes and better user guidance on the website. The windows can be
                                    controlled according to certain rules (e.g. number of page visits). For this
                                    purpose, cookies are set by GetSiteControl.
The legal basis for the processing of your data is your consent in
                                    accordance with Art. 6 Para. 1 S. 1 lit. a DSGVO.
For more information about the third-party provider's privacy
                                    practices, please visit the following website:
https://getsitecontrol.com/privacy/
.
14. Adition
We sometimes use the ADITION service from ADITION technologies AG,
                                    Oststraße 55, 40211 Düsseldorf, Germany on our websites.
ADITION uses cookies to control and optimise the display of
                                    advertising material placed by ADITION's customers for the user. This concerns, for
                                    example, the maximum display frequency of advertisements that a user can see. In
                                    addition, ADITION uses stored cookie information for statistical surveys in
                                    individual cases.
ADITION does not store any personal data such as name, e-mail
                                    addresses or other personal details by setting cookies. All information is purely
                                    anonymous and contains technical information such as the frequency and date of
                                    display of advertising material, the browser used or the operating system installed.
                                    ADITION works in all processes of data collection strictly in accordance with German
                                    data protection law. All stored data is stored on servers in the Federal Republic of
                                    Germany.
The legal basis for the processing of your data is your consent in
                                    accordance with Art. 6 Para. 1 S. 1 lit. a DSGVO.
For information on ADITION's privacy policy, please visit
www.adition.com/kontakt/datenschutz/
.
15. Business Ads
On our Internet pages, interests (e.g. advertising banners clicked,
                                    sub-pages visited etc.) of you are sometimes recorded in a cookie by means of
                                    anonymous user numbers on behalf of Business Advertising GmbH ("businessAD"),
                                    Tersteegenstraße 30, 40474 Düsseldorf. Under no circumstances will personal data
                                    such as name, address or IP address be stored in these cookies.
The delivery of usage-based online advertising is also operated by
                                    the advertising marketer Business Advertising GmbH. For this purpose, other service
                                    providers (so-called vendors) are used for these advertising purposes as well as for
                                    market research and statistical purposes.
The legal basis for the processing of your data is your consent in
                                    accordance with Art. 6 Para. 1 S. 1 lit. a DSGVO.
You can find the provider's privacy policy here:
https://www.businessad.de/datenschutz
.
16. PubMatic
In some areas of our websites, we use PubMatic, a service for
                                    displaying usage-based advertising. The provider is PubMatic Inc, 305 Main Street,
                                    First Floor, Redwood City, CA 9406, USA. PubMatic uses technology to deliver ads
                                    that are relevant to you.
The legal basis for data processing is your consent in accordance
                                    with Art. 6 Para. 1 S. 1 lit. a DSGVO.
For more information about privacy, please see PubMatic's privacy
                                    policy here:
https://pubmatic.com/legal/privacy-policy
.
17. Outbrain
We use Outbrain, of Outbrain UK Limited,100 New Bridge Street,
                                    London, UK within some of our websites.
The purpose of the processing is the playout of personalized ads and
                                    content as well as the implementation of ad and content measurements and the
                                    acquisition of knowledge about target groups and product developments. For this
                                    purpose, so-called tracking pixels are integrated on our pages. When you visit our
                                    pages, a direct connection between your browser and the Outbrain server is
                                    established via the tracking pixel. Outbrain thereby receives, among other things,
                                    the information from your browser that our page was called up from your end device.
                                    We can then select which segments of site visitors (e.g. visit to a specific
                                    section) should be shown our advertising. The display of advertising only takes
                                    place on external websites that have integrated the Outbrain widget. For this
                                    purpose, Outbrain processes the data displayed in the interest profile, which you
                                    can retrieve under the link
https://my.outbrain.com/recommendations-settings/home
.
The legal basis for the processing is your consent in accordance
                                    with Art. 6 Para. 1 S. 1 lit. a DSGVO.
For more information, please see Outbrain's privacy policy at
https://www.outbrain.com/legal/privacy
.
18. Taboola
On some of our websites, we give Taboola Germany GmbH, c/o MindSpace
                                    Friedrichstraße 68, 10117 Berlin the opportunity to show you interest-based and
                                    personalized recommendations via a feed using cookies and pixels. The
                                    recommendations can be, for example, articles or advertisements from us or from
                                    third parties. When you visit our website, we display these recommendations as well
                                    as Taboola's feed at the end of an article and provide Taboola with browser data
                                    that is necessary to show you Taboola's feed at the end of the article.
We allow Taboola cookies to be set so that Taboola receives the
                                    information they contain. We have no influence on the processing of your personal
                                    data by Taboola, in particular the personalisation of recommendations, so that we
                                    have to refer to the data protection declaration (
https://www.taboola.com/policies/privacy-policy
) and the cookie policy (
https://www.taboola.com/policies/cookie-policy
)
                                    of Taboola. In this respect, Taboola is responsible for the processing of your
                                    personal data under data protection law. In order to enable you to continue to use
                                    our website and journalistic and editorial offers without a subscription via
                                    advertising revenue, our interest in processing your personal data outweighs your
                                    interest in advertising-free use. In our view, there is also a parallel between our
                                    interests and yours in improving our website and advertising offers. Your data will
                                    not be stored by us as a matter of principle.
You have the possibility at any time to object to the processing of
                                    your personal data by us and Taboola under the following link:
https://www.taboola.com/policies/privacy-policy#user-choices-and-optout
.
This document has been translated into English using the software
                                    DeepL. As there may have been inconsistencies in the translation, in case of doubt
                                    the wording of the German privacy police shall be deemed legally binding.
Deutsche Version