Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy covers Eurocenter's treatment of personally identifiable information that Eurocenter collects when you are subscribing to a GraalOnline game, and when you use Eurocenter's services.
This policy does not apply to the practices of companies and applications that Eurocenter does not own or control.
1. Information Collection and Use
Eurocenter collects information from our users at several different points in the GraalOnline games. Eurocenter is the sole owner of the information collected on these applications. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement.
2. Account Registration
In order to enable the account sharing service of our GraalOnline games, a user must first create an account. During the account registration you will be asked for your email address. Use of user's email address is strictly limited to account management procedures such as account creation and account status notifications.
Additionally, a registered user have the option to provide personal information such as name and age ("player profile") once signed in to our server. Viewing of such information is limited to registered users of Eurocenter applications.
3. Log Files
GraalOnline.com automatically records information sent by your game client on our game server logs. This information includes, but is not limited to, your IP address, time of login and game session length. We periodically use this information to analyze trends, administer the game, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses stored on the game server logs are not linked to any personally identifiable information.
4. Notification of Changes
Eurocenter may amend this policy from time to time. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post the changes on our News update inside the applications to keep users aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under circumstances, if any, we disclose it.