Privacy Policy
Thank you for playing a Pixelocity Software LLC (“Pixelocity”, “we”, or “us”) game! Your privacy is important to us and we take our responsibility of caring for it seriously. This Privacy Policy describes what information Pixelocity collects when you use our products. By using our products, you consent to this policy. This policy may change from time to time, so please review it frequently. Your continued use of Pixelocity’s products signifies your acceptance of changes to this Privacy Policy.
Information We Collect and How It Is Used
A. Information You Give Us Directly
We collect information you provide us, including:
User Account Information – Some of our applications require an online account for playing multiplayer games. Online accounts may require a user name, email address, and password.
User Messages – Some of our applications allow users to send messages to each other while playing a game.
Pixelocity prohibits any user under the age of 16 from providing personal information in their user name or in-game messaging. This includes, but is not limited to, the user’s first name, last name, email address, and physical address.
You warrant that you will not create custom user name or send any messages that are obscene, vulgar, sexually-oriented, hateful, threatening, or otherwise violate any laws. You agree to abide by the principles of good sportsmanship and fair play. User names and messages may be monitored to ensure compliance with these rules.
Access to the game is subject to your compliance to these rules. Pixelocity has the right to disable any account for any reason. Refunds will not be issued for disabled accounts.
We may use the information collected to:
Create and manage your account, including emailing you account information if requested
Deliver targeted information regarding Pixelocity games
B. Information Provided by Third Parties
Game and Social Networks – At your request, Pixelocity may collect identifiers associated with a user’s account on social networks like Facebook or Twitter, or game services like Apple Game Center or Google Play Game Services.
When collected, the above identifiers are used explicitly for a feature of the service, such as seeing high scores, linking a user account across multiple devices, or accessing friends or contact lists to start multiplayer games against friends.
Information Collected by Third Parties
A. Analytics Services
We use third party analytics services to collect information about how you use our products, your device, and the health of our products. This information includes technical and related information about your device and operating system (such as IP address and device ID), information about your feature usage, gameplay and usage statistics and system interactions.
B. Ad Services
Pixelocity allows advertisements from third party ad networks to be displayed in our services. These ad services may collect information to serve appropriate advertising to you and help track results. This information may include, but is not limited to, device advertising identifiers and IP address.
Pixelocity makes commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that the third party services are configured to comply with applicable privacy laws, and we reasonably believe this to be the case for each of them. All third party services collect and use information under their own privacy policies. A list of all third party services integrated in our products can be found below, and we encourage you to review them.
Data Retention, Managing Your Information
We will retain your information for as long as you use our services and for a reasonable time thereafter. If you’d like to request, update, or delete information that you have provided via our services, please contact us using the contact information below. We will respond in a reasonable time. Please note that some or all of provided user data may be required in order for the services to function properly.
Children
We do not knowingly collect, use, or disclose personal information from children under 16.
When we determine that a service is directed at children under the age of 16, we will configure all of our internal systems such that no personal information will be collected, and configure all relevant third-party integrations appropriately such that no personal information will be collected for users of that service. For additional information, please refer to the privacy policies of our third party operators to understand what they are doing to further protect your child’s privacy.
Services that are determined to be targeted at children will still receive advertisements from our third-party operators, and promotions from Pixelocity using its internal systems. In this case the ads and promotions will not be targeted to specific users, but will be broadcast to all users of the service.
If you are a parent of a child under 16 years of age and you believe your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us using the information below and we will delete the information from our systems.
Disclosure of Personal Information
The scenarios in which we will share your personal data are as follows:
we determine that it is required by law;
we have a good faith belief it is necessary to protect our rights or property;
we are participating in a merger, acquisition, liquidation, dissolution or sale of assets;
we have your consent; and
as described above in relation third-party operators collecting information from our services.
Under no other circumstances will Pixelocity share, sell, rent, or release your data.
Security
We follow generally accepted industry standards and internal procedures to protect personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it.
Changes to this Privacy Policy and Consent
We will periodically update this privacy policy to reflect changes in our information practices, and to add additional third party operators. Please check back regularly, as your continued use of our services indicate your acceptance of any changes to this policy.
Contact Us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at
contact@pixelocitysoftware.com
.
Third Party Operators
The following is a list of the third party operators we currently use in our services, their contact information, and links to their privacy policies:
Apple, Game Center
http://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/contact/
http://www.apple.com/privacy/privacy-policy/
AdColony
Attn: Privacy Officer
11400 W. Olympic Blvd., 12th Floor
Los Angeles, CA 90064
privacy@adcolony.com
http://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/
AppLovin Corporation
849 High St.
Palo Alto, CA 94301
dataprotection@applovin.com
https://www.applovin.com/privacy
Chartboost
420 Taylor Street
San Francisco, California 94102
privacy@chartboost.com
https://answers.chartboost.com/hc/en-us/articles/200780269-Privacy-Policy
Facebook, Inc.
1601 Willow Road
Menlo Park, CA 94025
https://www.facebook.com/help/contact/861937627253138
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
Flurry
Yahoo! Inc.
Customer Care – Privacy Policy Issues
701 First Avenue
Sunnyvale, CA 94089
privacy@flurry.com
https://policies.yahoo.com/us/en/yahoo/privacy/index.htm
Fyber
575 5th Av.
New York, NY 10017 | USA
privacy@fyber.com
https://www.fyber.com/legal/privacy-policy/
Google Play, Google Play Game Services, Google Analytics
https://support.google.com/policies/troubleshooter/2990837?hl=en
https://play.google.com/about/play-terms.html
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/