Personal information
Personal information protection policy
Last updated: 16 March 2023
The company iDealwine S.A.S. Is highly concerned about the protection of personal data. It is committed to ensuring the highest level of protection for your data, in accordance with European and French law.
For more information regarding the matter, you can also read the information on the Commission Nationale de l'Informatique et des Libertés (CNIL) website a href='https://www.cnil.fr/fr'>www.cnil.fr..
Who is responsible for processing my personal data?
The company is responsible for processing your personal data and it defines how it will use your data.
The personal information collected on the website or the iDealwine: buy, sell, estimate application is processed by:
iDealwine S.A.S.,190 rue d'Estienne d'Orves, 92700 Colombes, France.
WHY DOES IDEALWINE COLLECT MY PERSONAL DATA?
iDealwine S.A.S. uses your personal information for the following purposes:
Processing sales orders and customer relations
We need your information in order to manage your orders and their follow-up (for example deliveries, invoices, accounting, managing customer accounts, the loyalty programme, follow-up of customer relations such as satisfaction questionnaires, managing complaints and post-sales services.
Order payment
When you pay on our website, your payments are secure. iDealwine S.A. does not collect your payment details. To manage payment by bank card, iDealwine uses the secure BNP PARIBAS payment platform, Axepta. iDealwine does not have access to the card details of clients. The data is encrypted by Secured Socket Layer protocol and are sent directly to the Axepta secure server.
Customising our services and the messages we send you
If you accept our cookies for targeted advertisements, your data will allow us to improve and personalise our services and communication. We can, for example, send you personalised emails.
Client knowledge and website statistics and performance
We can use information in order to better understand our customers or for statistical purposes to analyse our website's performance. If you accept iDealwine’s performance cookies, we measure, for instance, the number of pages viewed, the number of visits to the site as well as visitors’ activity and the frequency they return to the site.
If you refuse these cookies, we can only measure the conversions regarding the bids and purchases carried out on our website, as well as other traffic statistics that are exempt according to CNIL.
The company is responsible for processing your personal data.
The personal information collected on the website or the iDealwine – Estimation phone application is processed by:
iDealwine S.A.S.,190 rue d'Estienne d'Orves - 92700 Colombes
What information?
We collect and process your surname, name, address, email address, password, phone number, connection and navigation data, order history, viewed products, delivery problems and complaints.
Certain data is automatically collected when you browse our website, and other data can be sent to us by partners if you gave them consent to share your information (in compliance with current regulations).
When ?
You create an account on our site or app
You process an order on our site
You browse products on our site or app
You contact customer services
WHO WILL HAVE ACCESS TO MY PERSONAL DATA?
Information sent to service providers
Service emails
Following an order, you will receive an email which will allow you to follow your order (order confirmation, information regarding delivery, etc.). These messages are necessary for allowing orders to be processed properly and are not linked to your choices regarding newsletters and commercial offers.
iDealwine newsletters
Following the creation of your account, you will be able to receive information and offers from iDealwine S.A.S. via email. These newsletters will allow you to stay informed regarding iDealwine's news and the advantages from which you could benefit on the site www.idealwine.com. We measure the opening rates of our emails in order to better adapt them to your needs.
Regular mail
You can also choose to receive offers by post.
Telephone contact
Unless you opted out, you could be contacted by one of our operators or partners offering you services related to your purchases on the site (this excludes marketing by automatic dialling which will be subject to your expressed agreement).
Product alerts
You can choose to receive alerts keeping you notified by email of the availability of a product.
These alerts allow you to
:
Be informed of the availability of a product that interests you
Be informed of the closing of an auction which includes a product that interests you.
The alerts to which you are subscribed are listed in your
account
.
HOW DO I CHOOSE HOW MY PERSONAL INFORMATION IS USED?
You can at any moment opt out
or oppose the use of your data by contacting us :
By email at info@idealwine.com
With a letter to the following address: iDealwine S.A.S.,190 rue d'Estienne d'Orves - 92700 Colombes.
If you proceed by email or letter.   Let us know your surname, name, email, and address. State the nature of your request and the right you wish to exercise. So that we can be sure of your request, you can for instance write one or more reasons:
To stop receiving commercial offers:
« Stop email Newsletter »
To delete your account :
« Delete my account »
The sub-contractors concerned
AT Internet
Privacy policy:
https://www.atinternet.com/en/data-protection/resources/
The service provider can analyse traffic to the iDealwine website and its performance.
Google Analytics
Privacy policy:
https://policies.google.com/privacy#europeanrequirements
The service provider can analyse traffic to the iDealwine website and its performance.
Sendinblue
Privacy policy:
https://www.sendinblue.com/legal/privacypolicy/
The service provider can send marketing and informative emails to clients who have consented to be contacted.
Service providers for those who accept targeted cookies
Criteo
Privacy policy:
https://www.criteo.com/privacy/
The service provider creates targeted and personalised advertisements for Criteo’s partners.
Adequa
Privacy policy:
https://get-potions.com/en/politique-de-confidentialite/
The service provider places personalised tools in order to facilitate navigation on the website and to reconstruct abandoned baskets.
Google Ads
Privacy policy:
https://policies.google.com/privacy#europeanrequirements
The service provider creates targeted and personalised advertisement on Google services as well as on its partners.
Squadata
Privacy policy:
https://account.squadata.net/fr/privacy
The service provider sends personalised emails to visitors to the iDealwine website.
AB Tasty
Privacy policy:
https://www.abtasty.com/privacy-policy/
The service provider allows us to test different designs of our website in order to give you the best possible user experience. It can also add personalised and geo-localised content to the website.
Facebook Ads
Privacy policy:
https://en-us.facebook.com/privacy/policy
The service provider can send advertisements to users who have visited the website.
WHAT ARE MY RIGHTS REGARDING THE USE OF MY PERSONAL DATA?
You can take back your consent at any moment
Set my choices
By email at
info@idealwine.com
With a letter to the following address: iDealwine S.A.S.,190 rue d'Estienne d'Orves, 92700 Colombes, France.
If you proceed by email or letter.
Let us know your surname, first name, email address, and postal address. State the nature of your request and the right you wish to exercise. So that we can be sure of your request, you can for instance write one or more reasons:
To stop receiving commercial offers:"Stop Newsletter email"
To delete your account : "Delete my account"
What are my rights regarding the use of my personal data?
In accordance with the Law on the Protection of Personal Data, you can exercise your rights (access, rectification, erasure, objection, restriction and data portability as the case may be) and decide on the fate of your information after it has been deleted from iDealwine S.A. by email:
info@idealwine.com
or by letter to: iDealwine S.A.,190 rue d'Estienne d'Orves, 92700 Colombes, France.
To allow us to reply quickly, please provide us with your surname, name, email, address and if possible, client reference number. Certain requests such as the right of access must be accompanied by a signed proof of identity so that we can verify your information and check the address to which the reply should be sent. You will receive an email within a month of our receiving your request.
At any time during the risk analysis in the context of fraud prevention conducted by iDealwine S.A.S, you may present your comments and observations.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the Commission Nationale de l'Informatique et des Libertés (CNIL), including on its website www.cnil.fr/en/home.
iDealwine S.A. has a Data Protection Officer whose job it is to ensure the protection of personal information. You can contact iDealwine's Data Protection Officer (DPO) at
dpo@idealwine.com
(for queries regarding your rights, please contact
info@idealwine.com
).
How is my information used on social media?
Personal data can be collected and exchanged when you use iDealwine's social media pages, services or applications. We invite you to read the various social medias' personal data protection policies in order to know exactly what information is collected by the social media sites and how it can be transferred to iDealwine S.A.S. in relation to its websites and application as well as how your data can be used for advertising purposes in particular. You can configure the access and confidentiality of your of your data on your social media account. iDealwine S.A.S. collects certain information regarding the time you spend on iDealwine S.A.S.'s social media pages. This information is used for commercial purposes to improve our commercial relationship and advertising in order to personalize our messages. The information collected by iDealwine S.A.S. by way of its application and websites linked to social media are subject to the aforementioned conditions.
On the other hand, iDealwine S.A.S is not responsible for how social media websites use your personal information.
WHAT INFORMATION IS COLLECTED FROM MOBILE APPS?
Use of your information in relation to the iDealwine: buy, sell, estimate app
If you use the iDealwine mobile app -  iDealwine: buy, sell, estimate, certain personal information can be collected by the software publishers of your mobile phone’s operating systems. Please read the operating systems' (iOS, Android, Windows...) confidentiality policy to learn more about your information can be used by the operating systems’ software publishers in the capacity of data controllers.
Notifications
By allowing the mobile application iDealwine - Price guide to send you notifications, you will receive information regarding iDealwine S.A.S' sales.  The "Notifications" function's sole aim is to send you information regarding iDealwine S.A.S' sales. You can opt out of receiving these when downloading the iDealwine app or when you use it for the first time.  You can deactivate these notifications at any time in your phone’s settings by referring to the phone’s technical documents as well as in the application by clicking on “My account” in the “Settings” tab.
Cookies linked to the app - iDealwine: buy, sell, estimate
iDealwine's app uses cookies and similar tracking technology when you use the application on your devices (mobile or computer), mainly to identify you more effectively and to personalise our services. When you install the iDealwine app, we collect data on how you use the app and your telephone. As is the case on the Internet, we can use this technology to store an identifier or other data on your device. Depending on the operating system, you can disable these cookies in your telephone's app manager.