For alternative formats of this information, please visit our
website
.
Rev. January 2025
FACTS
WHAT DOES THE CHARLES SCHWAB CORPORATION DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
Social Security number and income
account balances and transaction history
investment experience and assets
How?
All financial companies need to share customers' personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers' personal information; the reasons The Charles Schwab Corporation chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information
For our everyday business purposes—
such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus
Does The Charles Schwab Corporation share? YES
Can you limit this sharing? NO
For our marketing purposes—
to offer our products and services to you
Does The Charles Schwab Corporation share? YES
Can you limit this sharing? NO
For joint marketing with other financial companies
Does The Charles Schwab Corporation share? NO
Can you limit this sharing? We Don't Share
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes—
information about your transactions and experiences
Does The Charles Schwab Corporation share? YES
Can you limit this sharing? NO
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes—
information about your creditworthiness
Does The Charles Schwab Corporation share? YES
Can you limit this sharing? YES
For our affiliates to market to you
Does The Charles Schwab Corporation share? YES
Can you limit this sharing? YES
For nonaffiliates to market to you
Does The Charles Schwab Corporation share? NO
Can you limit this sharing? We Don't Share
To limit our sharing:
Call
877-812-1817
within the U.S. or
+1-415-667-8400
from outside the U.S.—our menu will prompt you through your choices.
Please note:
If you are a
new
customer, we can begin sharing your information 30 days from the date we sent this notice. When you are
no longer
our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice. However, you can contact us at any time to limit our sharing.
Questions?
Call
877-812-1817
or
800-435-4000
or go to
schwab.com/privacy
.
Who we are:
Who is providing this notice?
The Charles Schwab Corporation (also "Schwab") and its affiliates.
See list of affiliates below.
What we do:
How does Schwab protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings. To learn more about security at Schwab, please visit schwab.com/schwabsafe.
How does Schwab collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you:
open an account or give us your income information
seek advice about your investments or tell us about your investment or retirement portfolio
make deposits or withdrawals from your account
We also collect your personal information from others, such as credit bureaus, affiliates, or other companies.
Why can't I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only:
sharing for affiliates' everyday business purposes—information about your creditworthiness
affiliates from using your information to market to you
sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing. See below for more on your rights under state law.
What happens when I limit sharing for an account I hold jointly with someone else?
Your choices will apply to everyone on your account.
Definitions
Affiliates:
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
Our affiliates include companies with a Schwab or Ameritrade name; and nonfinancial companies such as Performance Technologies Inc., Datek Online Management Corp., and ThinkTech Inc.
Nonaffiliates:
Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
The Charles Schwab Corporation does not share with nonaffiliates so they can market to you.
Joint marketing:
A formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.
The Charles Schwab Corporation doesn't jointly market.
Other important information
Charles Schwab Bank, SSB, and Charles Schwab Premier Bank, SSB, are chartered under the laws of the State of Texas and by state law are subject to regulatory oversight by the Department of Savings and Mortgage Lending. Any consumer wishing to file a complaint against Charles Schwab Bank, SSB, or Charles Schwab Premier Bank, SSB, should contact the Department of Savings and Mortgage Lending through one of the means indicated below:
In Person or by Mail: 2601 North Lamar Boulevard, Suite 201, Austin, Texas 78705-4294; by Phone: 877-276-5550; Fax: 512-936-2003; or through the Department's website at:
www.sml.texas.gov
.
California residents
: Please go to
schwab.com/ccpa
to learn more about our Privacy Notice for California Residents.
Nevada residents:
Nevada law requires us to disclose that you may request to be placed on Schwab's internal "do not call" list at any time by calling 800-435-4000, and that we are providing this notice to you pursuant to state law. You may obtain further information by contacting the Nevada Attorney General, 555 E. Washington Ave., Suite 3900, Las Vegas, NV 89101; phone 702-486-3132; email BCPINFO@ag.state.nv.us.
Vermont residents:
We will automatically limit sharing of your information.
To learn more about our Online Privacy & Tracking practices, please go to
schwab.com/online-privacy
.
©2025 The Charles Schwab Corporation. All rights reserved. E-0125-5865676490892378121 REG60835FM-20 (01/25)