Privacy Policy
123 Games Playground for Kids - Nauka angielskiego dla dzieci - Privacy Policy
(iOS version)
We do not collect personally identifiable information.
We do not collect personally identifiable information about you. In other words, we do not collect information such as your name, address, phone number or email address.
We do not knowingly contact or collect personal information from children under 13. If you believe we have inadvertently collected such information, please contact us so we can promptly obtain parental consent or remove the information.
We do not store or share your precise location.
We do not use or collect your precise geographic location.
We don't share your personal information with marketers.
We do not share personally identifiable information (such as name, address, email or phone) with other companies for marketing purposes.
No ad companies collect data through our application.
We do not allow advertising companies to collect data through our application for ad targeting.
In-app purchases
There aren't in-app purchases in our application.
Push notifications
We do not use push notifications in our application.
No Internet connection required
Application do not require an internet connection to work. However, the application contains links to external sites that require an internet connection.
External sites:
Pro Liberis - Link to our website - Full Privacy Policy: http://proliberis.org/privacy-policy/
Facebook - Link to our fanpage on Facebook - Full Privacy Policy: https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy
Twitter - Link to our profile on Twitter - Full Privacy Policy: https://twitter.com/privacy
App Store - Link to rating our app in the App Store - Full Privacy Policy: http://www.apple.com/privacy/
You can ask privacy questions.
If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policies, please contact us: kontakt@proliberis.org
You can review more privacy-related information.
This privacy policy was last updated on [29.07.2024]. Our privacy policy may change from time to time. If we make any material changes to our policies, we will place them on our website or application.