Home Page
Personal Banking
About Us
Privacy Notice
A
A
A
Listen
Privacy Notice
Last updated: 05/12/2023
Privacy Notice
This Privacy Notice helps you to understand how and why we collect and process your personal data when you visit KFH website for our products and services, and/or interact directly through our branches, offices, web, and mobile applications.
Kuwait Finance House KSCP, hereinafter referred to as, “KFH” “we”, “us”, “our”, is committed to protecting your privacy and safeguarding your personal data in accordance with CBK Cybersecurity Framework.
About Kuwait Finance House
KFH is an Islamic bank, having its principal address at KFH Baitak Tower. P.O. Box 24989 Safat, 13110 Kuwait.
KFH Kuwait offers a wide range of Islamic banking products and services across several regions. You can find out more about us at:
https://www.kfh.com/en/home/Personal/aboutus.html
.
KFH is committed is provide excellent service for all our customers while respecting their privacy and taking the relevant measures to safeguard their Personal Data in accordance with applicable data privacy and protection regulations.
This Privacy Notice is applicable to the operations of KFH Kuwait.
Please read this notice carefully, in order to be fully aware of how we use your personal data.
Our Contact Details
Your privacy matters to us. If you have any questions, please contact:
Data Protection Officer
Kuwait Finance House
P. O. Box 24989 Safat 13110 Kuwait.
Email:
dataprivacy@kfh.com
What personal data do we collect
We collect your personal data in the form of various attributes, including, but not limited to, names, contact details (including address, telephone, email address, mobile number), nationality, passport information, marital status, biometric information, pictures, photos, video & voice recording, signatures, official documentation consisting of sensitive personal data, technological data using cookies and similar technologies to remember your preferences and tailor the content we provide to you, including information about your device, Internet protocol (IP) address and uniquely identifying data, records of correspondence including email, live chat, instant messages, and social media communications.
We collect your personal data directly from you through Branches, call centers, websites, web & mobile applications, and forms, and from third parties, including, but not limited to, Financial Institutions, Banks, Public Authority for Civil Information (PACI), Credit Information Network (CINET), Fraud Prevention Agencies, Law Enforcement Agencies, and other Government entities.
We use your personal data to deliver our products and services, in order for us to support our banking operations on a lawful basis, with your consent, and fulfilling our legal obligations, contractual obligations, and legitimate business interest.
How we use your Personal Data
We use personal data to deliver our products and services, in order for us to support our banking operations on a lawful basis, with your consent, legal obligations, contractual obligations, public interest and fulfilling our legitimate business.
We may use and share your information for the purposes including, but not limited to:
Deliver our product and services, manage your accounts and relationship with you, provide online banking, mobile banking services through digital channels and platforms, and for identification and customer support purpose and managing risks.
Process transactions, card operations, financial services, and fulfil payment requests.
Detection and prevention of fraud, financial crimes, and to comply with fraud prevention.
Carry out credit and identity checks, and financial information. This includes the amount you borrowed and your payment history and manage risks including credit risks, and operational risks.
Data analytics and marketing through platforms including, but not limited to, by post, email, telephone, online advertising, and social media.
To develop and improve products and services We will analyze your information to identify relevant opportunities to promote products and services.
We use CCTV in and around our premises (including branches, and ATMs) to monitor and collect images required by the law for the prevention of crimes and it is in our legitimate interests to protect our business.
What Information we share to third parties
We may share your information with other third parties including, but not limited to banks, credit card providers (e.g., Visa, Mastercard), financial institutions, providers of payment-processing services and other businesses, Government Ministries & Agencies, Courts, Law Enforcement Agencies, Fraud Prevention, Central Bank of Kuwait and other regulatory authorities, Public Authority for Civil Information (PACI), Credit Information Network (CINET), Insurance Companies, Service Providers (e.g., courier services, retailers, loyalty schemes).
We will keep your information confidential, but we may share it with third parties in the following circumstances including, but not limited to:
To help us process your payments, processing of loan repayments and the financial services
In connection with actual or suspected fraud, financial crimes, or criminal activities, or with monitoring, preventing, and investigating fraud, financial crime, or criminal activities
For legal and regulatory requirement purpose
Identification and Authentication of Identity
To carry out credit and identity checks, and financial information this includes the amount you borrowed and your payment history
If you take out an insurance product through us or another insurance companies, we may share your personal data with the relevant supplier of the insurance
If you take out a subscription or sign-up to services such as loyalty program from the Service Providers, and to delivery our product and services to you, we may share your personal data to fulfill the contractual agreement with the Service Providers
To recover debt and exercise other rights we have under any agreement with you.
How long we keep your Personal Data
Any personal data we collect will be retained for as long as we need to provide you with our product and services and in line with regulatory or legal requirements governed by state of Kuwait.
Know your rights
You have the right to request Data Subject Rights such as Right for Erasure (Right to be forgotten) of your personal data in our possession, according to CBK Cybersecurity Framework, and delivered to you in a timely manner; unless your personal data is required to comply with regulatory or legal requirements, or we may need it for our legitimate purposes.
To exercise these rights, you will need to contact us with your request and email to Data Privacy Officer at
dataprivacy@kfh.com
, and other means to contact us is available in the “our contact details” above.
How we will keep your information secure
We will take all reasonable steps to protect your personal data from misuse, loss, or/and unauthorized access. We periodically review our information collection touch points, storage, and security controls, including physical security measures, to guard against unauthorized access to systems, and restrict access to personal data to our employees.
There is always a risk involved in sending information through any unsecured channels over the internet. Your information sent over such insecure channels is entirely at your own risk.
Privacy Notice Changes
This Privacy Notice may be amended as required without any prior notice; however, we will inform you of any changes to the Privacy Notice on this page.
Clear all
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Reject All
Accept All Cookies
Cookies Settings
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Performance & Analytics Cookies
These cookies tell us how you use our website, and this helps us to improve the performance of our product and services
Marketing cookies
These cookies help us decide which of our products, services and offers may be relevant for you. They also help us measure effectiveness of advertisement on kfh.com and on other websites, soci
Functional Cookies
These cookies are used for remembering things like your user ID, your preferred language, and your region or country
Always Active
These cookies are needed to run our website, to keep it secure if you are logged on and to obey regulations that apply to us.
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label