Privacy Policy
Please click on the link below for the relevant Privacy Policy:
Website Privacy Policy
App Privacy Policy
Website Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy and Personal Data
Last updated 1 March 2022
For the purposes of the General Data Protection Regulations, we confirm that the data controller of the sites at www.annabelkarmel.com and associated sites and applications (each “the Site”) Annabel Karmel Group Holdings Limited, a limited liability company registered in England and Wales (company registration number 09187690) with its registered office address at 18a Pindock Mews, London, W9 2PY (“we” or “us”).
This privacy policy (together with our Terms of Use and any other documents referred to in it) sets out the basis on which any personal information we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulations.
The nature of the Website and its community ethos means that the operators of the Website, Annabel Karmel Group Holdings Limited (“AK”, “We”, “Us”, “Our”), will obtain, record, store, use and disclose (together “Use”) certain personal information (“Personal Information”) relating to registered members and other visitors and users of the Web-Site.
This statement sets out the principles governing Our Use of your Personal Information, the conditions that you agree to in using the Website. By using the Website you agree to this Use and these conditions.
We will store this Personal Information and use it to provide you with information and other services in the normal course of operation of the Website. If you would like to view and/or modify any part of your Personal Information then you should email us at contact@annabelkarmel.com
By visiting this the Site, you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this policy. Please read the following carefully.
Lawful Bases for processing
We will only collect and process personal data about you where we have lawful bases. Lawful bases include “consent” and “legitimate interests”.
Where we rely on your consent to process personal data, you have the right to withdraw or decline your consent at any time and where we rely on legitimate interests, you have the right to object
Broadly speaking Legitimate Interests means that we can process your personal information if:
We have a genuine and legitimate reason and we are not harming any of your rights and interests. When you provide your personal details to us we use your information for our legitimate business interests to carry out our work. Before doing this, though, we will also carefully consider and balance any potential impact on you and your rights.
Some typical examples of when we might use the approach are for preventing fraud, direct marketing, maintaining the security of our system, data analytics, enhancing, modifying or improving our services, identifying usage trends and determining the effectiveness of our campaigns and fundraising.
Information we may collect
We may collect and process the following information about you:
Personal information you provided us, when you register on our site or App, or fill out a form, participate in discussion boards on or other social media functions, enter a competition, promotion or survey, contact us, or if you report a problem. Such information may include, as appropriate, you name, e-mail address, mailing address, personal description or any other information from which you may be personally identified. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
Information we automatically collect when you visit the Site, such as technical information detailing your visits to the Site including but not limited to traffic data, location data and other communication data. We gather certain aggregated information about you when you use it, including may include details of your operating system, browser version, domain name and IP address, the URL you came from and go to and the parts of the Website you visit.
Information we receive from other sources, for example, if you use any of the other websites or apps we operate or the other services we provide. In this case, we will have informed you when we collected that data that it may be shared internally and combined with data collected on this Site.
Cookies
Our Site uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our Site. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse the Site and also allows us to improve our Site. For detailed information on the cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them see our Cookie policy.
How we may use your information
We use the information collected and held about you primarily to provide you with the services you have requested when you register to use the Site.
In addition, we may use your data:
- To personalize your experience – (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs) provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us or which we feel may interest you based on the information you have provided to us, including, for example, your country, date of birth and address (if you have consented to receive email updates from Annabel Karmel ).
- To improve our website – (we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you) ensure that content from our Site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer. To allow you to participate in any interactive features of our Site. To keep the Site safe and secure. run promotional activity. To measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you.
- To send periodic emails – If you have consented to receive news and updates. If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
- We may share your data (first name, last name and email address) with our partner Shop St. for data matching purposes.  Shop St. are not allowed to contact you unless you give your explicit consent.  Any data shared with our partner is only for data matching purposes so Shop St. can provide you with exclusive free access to their application as a AK Club Member.
- For administration purposes – To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us including; administrating your Membership; prize draws, a contest, promotion, survey, competitions, promotions or other site feature; administer the Site and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;
Social Media
If you contact us using Facebook Messenger, direct Twitter messages, or direct Instagram messages, we receive your basic account information (first name, last name, gender, locale, profile picture, time zone) from. We use this information to respond to your message, and we may use it to re-contact you once via the same platform. We do not keep this information longer than necessary to do this (generally one week). We do not combine it with data collected on this Site.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information. The data that we collect from is stored within the EEA
All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers All supplied personal information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and our database is only accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems and are required to keep the information confidential.
We may transfer or disclose Personal Information to other companies, to our professional advisers and to such other parties as we consider necessary, in the administration of the Web-site and our related businesses or if required to disclose such information by law.
Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password that enables you to access certain parts of our Site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.
While we will take all reasonable steps to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee the security of any Personal Information you disclose online. You must accept the inherent security implications of providing information on-line over the Internet and you agree not to hold Us responsible for any breach of security unless We have been negligent or in wilful default.
Access to your data
You have the right to access information held about you and, where necessary, to have it amended. Your right of access can be exercised. Any access request may be subject to a reasonable fee to meet our costs in providing you with details of the information we hold about you. To request access to your personal information, or if you are concerned that any of the information we hold on you is incorrect, please email us at contact@annabelkarmel.com.
Disclosure of your data
We may share your information with any member of our group, our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries. We may also share your information with selected third parties including:
- Our agents, business partners, advisors, suppliers and sub-contractors for the performance of any contract we enter into with them or you.
- Advertisers and advertising networks to select and serve relevant adverts to you and others. We do not disclose information about identifiable individuals to our advertisers, but we may provide them with aggregate information about our users.
- Our partners that sponsor or promote any competition that we conduct or promote via the Site.
- Our partners for the purpose of contacting you directly about their offers, promotions, goods or services (if you have requested to be contacted for such purposes).
- Analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of the Site.
- If we or substantially all of our assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal information held by us will be one of the transferred assets.
- If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal information in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of use and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of us, our customers, or others.
Third party websites
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Marketing Communications
If you have consented to receive email updates from Annabel Karmel Group Holdings, you agree that we may use your information to contact you by e-mail about offers, events, products or related services that you may find useful. If you do not wish to receive marketing communications from us, you can unsubscribe at any time by following the unsubscribe link in any marketing communications received from us, or by contacting us at contact@annabelkarmel.com.
We may also if you have expressly consented, share your data with other reputable companies both within and outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”) for such marketing purposes.
Submission of content
All Content submitted to Us will become the property of AK throughout the world except any portion of the material that is Personal Information. You have sole responsibility for the Content which you submit to Us for publication on the Website and you shall indemnify and shall keep Us fully and effectively indemnified on demand from and against all actions, claims, losses, liability, proceedings, damages, costs, expenses, loss of business, loss of profits, business interruption and other pecuniary or consequential loss (including legal costs and expenses) suffered or incurred by Us and arising directly or indirectly out of the publication of material submitted by you to Us.
App Privacy Policy
App Privacy Policy and Personal Data
Last updated 16 November 2021
For the purposes of the General Data Protection Regulations, we confirm that the data controller of the following mobile applications:
iOS - Annabel Karmel (app ID: 409157308)
Annabel Karmel’s Baby & Toddler Recipes app: (App ID: com.applikation.annabelkarmel)
Annabel Karmel Android purchase app: (app ID com.annabelkarmel)
Cooking for Children Limited, a limited liability company registered in England and Wales (company registration number 03429126) with its registered office address at 18a Pindock Mews, London, W9 2PY (“we” or “us”).
This privacy policy (together with our Terms of Use and any other documents referred to in it) sets out the basis on which any personal information we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulations.
The nature of the applications and its community ethos means that the operators of the applications, Cooking for Children Limited (“AK”, “We”, “Us”, “Our”), will obtain, record, store, use and disclose (together “Use”) certain personal information (“Personal Information”) relating to registered members and users of our mobile applications application.
This statement sets out the principles governing Our Use of your Personal Information, the conditions that you agree to in using the applications.  By using the applications you agree to this Use and these conditions.
We will store this Personal Information and use it to provide you with information and other services in the normal course of operation of the applications. If you would like to view and/or modify any part of your Personal Information then you should email us at contact@annabelkarmel.com
By downloading and using the applications, you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this policy. Please read the following carefully.
Lawful Bases for processing
We will only collect and process personal data about you where we have lawful bases. Lawful bases include “consent” and “legitimate interests”.
Where we rely on your consent to process personal data, you have the right to withdraw or decline your consent at any time and where we rely on legitimate interests, you have the right to object
Broadly speaking Legitimate Interests means that we can process your personal information if:
We have a genuine and legitimate reason and we are not harming any of your rights and interests. When you provide your personal details to us we use your information for our legitimate business interests to carry out our work. Before doing this, though, we will also carefully consider and balance any potential impact on you and your rights.
Some typical examples of when we might use the approach are for preventing fraud, direct marketing, maintaining the security of our system, data analytics, enhancing, modifying or improving our services, identifying usage trends and determining the effectiveness of our campaigns and fundraising.
Information we may collect
When you use our App
How we use information about your mobile device, and how you use our app
Details
Name, post code, email address, postcode, and country.
Name, post code, email address and country:
This may be used for marketing and/or service communications (depending on the preferences you have set).
Your Mobile Device:
The device ID we collect is anonymised but we will collect information about the type of device and operating system version you are using
So that we can diagnose issues, which are sometimes specific to different types of mobile device and the versions of the operating system they are running. It also helps us to ensure the app gives you the best experience
User Files:
If you give us your permission the app can access your camera or your photos, but only when you are choosing a specific image for the purpose we are asking. We will not have access to the files on your device
So that you can upload photos of allergic reactions in our allergy tracker.
Analytics:
Some information is collected passively as you navigate the App. We refer to these as measuring tools and they include logs and analytics software.
We use these measuring tools to understand how you use the App so we can improve it in future updates e.g. which recipes and features are most popular and when people click on our product links. We use a services called Firebase and Google Analytics - it is not currently possible to opt-out of reporting by Firebase or Google Analytics. If you are not happy to be included in reporting please do not use our app. Your personal data is not shared with Firebase or Google Analytics. For information on Firebase or Google Analytics please view their Privacy Policies at:  Firebase:
https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy
and Google Analytics:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Aggregated data may be shared with our partners or other 3
rd
parties.
App Notifications:
If you have given us permission we may send you push notifications and in app messages.
To keep you up to date with what's new in the app and other parts of your Annabel Karmel experience e.g. new offers, prize draws, new recipes and new product announcement etc.  You can change these settings at any time within the app section of your phone.  Simply navigate to the app in settings on your devise and disable notifications.
Notice regarding the App:
The App is not intended for users under 17 years of age. We will not knowingly collect personally identifiable information via the App from visitors in this age group. We do however collect information about children from their parents. We ask that our users do not provide information about a child without first obtaining consent from the child's parents. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully before using the App.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information. The data that we collect from is stored within the EEA
All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers. All supplied personal information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and our database is only accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems and are required to keep the information confidential.
We may transfer or disclose Personal Information to other companies, to our professional advisers and to such other parties as we consider necessary, in the administration of the applications and our related businesses or if required to disclose such information by law.
Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password that enables you to access certain parts of our application, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.
While we will take all reasonable steps to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee the security of any Personal Information you disclose online. You must accept the inherent security implications of providing information on-line over the Internet and you agree not to hold Us responsible for any breach of security unless We have been negligent or in wilful default.
Access to your data
You have the right to access information held about you and, where necessary, to have it amended. Your right of access can be exercised. Any access request may be subject to a reasonable fee to meet our costs in providing you with details of the information we hold about you. To request access to your personal information, or if you are concerned that any of the information we hold on you is incorrect, please email us at contact@annabelkarmel.com.
Request to delete your data
To request deletion of your data, please email us at contact@annabelkarmel.com with the email you used to register with the app. We will then delete your data and inform you via email once this is done. If you didn't register with the app when you downloaded it then no personal data will be held by us.
Disclosure of your data
We may share your information with any member of our group, our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries. We may also share your information with selected third parties including:
- Our agents, business partners, advisors, suppliers and sub-contractors for the performance of any contract we enter into with them or you.
- Advertisers and advertising networks to select and serve relevant adverts to you and others. We do not disclose information about identifiable individuals to our advertisers, but we may provide them with aggregate information about our users.
- Our partners that sponsor or promote any competition that we conduct or promote via the Site.
- Our partners for the purpose of contacting you directly about their offers, promotions, goods or services (if you have requested to be contacted for such purposes).
- Analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of the applications.
- If we or substantially all of our assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal information held by us will be one of the transferred assets.
- If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal information in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of use and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of us, our customers, or others.
Marketing Communications
If you have consented to receive email updates from Cooking for Children Limited or Annabel Karmel Group, you agree that we may use your information to contact you by e-mail about offers, events, products or related services that you may find useful. If you do not wish to receive marketing communications from us, you can unsubscribe at any time by following the unsubscribe link in any marketing communications received from us, or by contacting us at contact@annabelkarmel.com.
We may also if you have expressly consented, share your data with other reputable companies both within and outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”) for such marketing purposes.
Submission of content
All Content submitted to Us will become the property of AK throughout the world except any portion of the material that is Personal Information. You have sole responsibility for the Content which you submit to Us for publication on the application and you shall indemnify and shall keep Us fully and effectively indemnified on demand from and against all actions, claims, losses, liability, proceedings, damages, costs, expenses, loss of business, loss of profits, business interruption and other pecuniary or consequential loss (including legal costs and expenses) suffered or incurred by Us and arising directly or indirectly out of the publication of material submitted by you to Us.