Privacy Policy
Last Updated April 27 2023
Tanger Properties Limited Partnership d/b/a Tanger Outlets or Tanger Outlet Centers ("Tanger," "we" or “us”), which includes affiliated companies owned or controlled by Tanger, wants you to be familiar with how we collect, use and disclose information from and about you. This Privacy Policy describes our practices in connection with information collected whether provided to us in person or through services such as websites, mobile sites, email, texts, and applications ("apps") (collectively, the "Tanger Services" or “Services.”). By using Tanger Services, you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy.
The Tanger Services are for a general audience, are not targeted to children, and do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 years of age.
This Privacy Policy applies to all users, including both those who use the Tanger Services without being registered with or subscribing to a Tanger Service and those who have registered with [or subscribed to] a Tanger Service. This Privacy Policy applies to Tanger's collection and use of your personal information (i.e., information that identifies a specific person, such as full name or email address). It also describes generally Tanger's practices for handling non-personal information (for example, interests, demographics and services usage).
This Privacy Policy (the "Policy") explains how information about you is collected, used, and disclosed by Tanger when you access or use our Tanger Services, sign up for our mailing list, join TangerClub or other
loyalty programs
and shop at our centers.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Information You Provide to Us:
We collect any information that you submit to us voluntarily through the Tanger Services or provide to us in any other way. We collect information when you create an online account or profile; use the interactive areas and features of our Services; make an online or in-person purchase; utilize certain services at a Shopping Center such as stroller rental; request customer service; participate in contests, sweepstakes, promotions, or mailing lists; actively engage with us on social media platforms; join TangerClub
or participate in other Tanger programs
; and when you email, call, or otherwise communicate with us. Consequently, we collect various types of personal information from you such as your name, address, birthdate, payment information, phone number, email address and transaction information (“Personal Information.”)
Information Collected Automatically:
We receive and store certain types of information automatically when you interact with Tanger Services, emails, and online advertising. This information may include Personal Information as well as your IP address, browsing behavior while on our site, statistics on page views, geo-location information, browser and device characteristics, referring URLs, the operating system you are using, mac address when connecting to Tanger Wifi networks, and third party links, advertisements, and offers from our partners that you click on or other content that you may access or download from the Service.
Email:
When you email us, we are collecting the information you include in your email communication to us.
Information from Social Media.
If you access or log-in to a Tanger Service through a social media service or connect a Tanger Service to a social media service, the information we collect may also include your user ID and/or user name associated with that social media service, any information or content you have permitted the social media service to share with us, such as your profile picture, email address or friends lists, and any information you have made public in connection with that social media service. When you access the Tanger Services through social media services or when you connect a Tanger Service to social media services, you are authorizing Tanger to collect, store, and use such information and content in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Cookies and Tracking Technologies:
We, and our third party vendors such as Google, use first-party cookies (such as Google Analytics), third-party cookies (such as Double-Click), and related tracking technologies to deliver and enhance the use of the Service, and inform, optimize, and serve ads based on your history with our websites. We also use first-party cookies and third-party cookies together to report how our ad impressions, other uses of ad services, and interactions with these ad impressions and ad services are related to visits on our website. A "cookie" is a small amount of data that gets installed on the hard drive of a user's computer serving as an anonymous unique identifier and allowing the website to recognize future visits from that user's computer. We use tracking cookies to analyze user behavior on our Service. For example, the information provided through cookies is used to recognize you as a previous user, to offer personalized web page content and information for your use, and to otherwise facilitate your experience in connection with our Service. Most browsers automatically accept cookies as the default setting, but you may choose to decline cookies if your browser permits. Please be aware, however, that by blocking any or all cookies you may not have access to certain features, content or personalization available through the Tanger Services.
We may use "web beacons" or "pixel tags" to compile tracking information related to our email campaigns. A "web beacon" or "pixel tag" is an electronic image, also called a "gif," that may be used on website pages to deliver cookies, count visits and compile statistics on usage and campaign effectiveness, or in our emails to tell us if an email has been opened and acted upon.
We also record essential information about user activity and interactions with our website for the purposes of security and site optimization analytics. This limited first-party data may be further enhanced with the help of third-party data sources to help facilitate visitor segmentation and re-engagement through verified marketing channels, within the respective boundaries of applicable legal standards.
Interest-Based Advertising:
We may allow third party advertising networks to serve ads on our behalf across the Internet. To do this, they will collect anonymous information about your visits to our site, which may include such things as age, gender, and interests, and your interaction with our Service. They may also use information about your visits to other websites to target advertisements. These targeted advertisements may appear on other sites that you visit. We also utilize remarketing with Google Analytics to advertise online. This anonymous information is collected through the use of a cookie, pixel tag, or similar technology. To learn more about interest-based ads, and how you may be able to opt out of such targeted advertising, please visit the Digital Advertising Alliance's website at http://www.aboutads.info/choices or the Network Advertising Initiative website at http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices.
Display Advertising:
We may utilize Google Analytics tools, including Remarketing, Google Display Network Impression Reporting, Double-Click Campaign Manager Integration, or Google Analytics Demographics and Impression Recording to support display advertising.
Transactional Data Collection:
We currently use Fidel and the Payment Card Networks (Visa, Mastercard and AMEX) to monitor card transactions for your participation in the Tanger Loyalty Program. Your agreement to the various Tanger Loyalty Program Terms of Use (Terms) authorize Fidel and the Payment Card Networks to monitor the transactions made with your registered eligible payment cards via the Tanger Loyalty Program Platform. The data collected by Fidel includes your registered card identifier, merchant transaction date/time and amount.
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
Pursuant to the terms of this Policy, we may use the information we collect from you to:
provide and deliver products and services, process and complete transactions, and send you related information, including purchase confirmations, invoices, updates, security alerts, notices and support and administrative messages;
investigate and prevent fraudulent transactions and other illegal activities;
respond to your comments and questions and provide customer service;
communicate with you about Tanger Outlet centers and our retailers’ products, services, offers, promotions, news, upcoming events, and other information we think will be of interest to you;
monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities;
personalize the Service and provide advertisements, content, or features that are targeted toward your interests;
process and deliver contest or sweepstakes entries and prizes; and
provide, maintain, and improve the Service or our overall business.
Transactional Data Usage:
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Terms or this Privacy Policy, we and our Third-Party Service Providers (Fidel) will use transaction information solely as follows:
Use transaction data such as transaction amount, transaction time and merchant location to confirm a Qualifying Purchase or return to match transactions to confirm whether you qualify for rewards.
Share transaction data with the participating merchant where a transaction occurred as needed for the merchant to confirm a specific transaction occurred. For example, the date and amount of your purchase and the last 4 digits of your card number so the merchant can verify your purchase with its records if there is a missing or disputed transaction.
Provide participating merchants aggregated and anonymized information relating specifically to registered card activity solely to allow participating merchants and Third-Party Service Providers (Fidel) to assess the results of their campaign.
Create a record of the transaction data and thereafter maintain and use data in connection with operating the Program.
Provide information to respond to a request from government authority or a payment organization involved in a transaction with you or a merchant.
You authorize the sharing, exchange and use of transaction data described above and herein by and among Company and applicable Payment Card Networks and applicable Merchants.
Transaction Monitoring:
By registering an eligible
payment card
in connection with transaction monitoring, you authorize Tanger to share your payment card information with Visa, Mastercard and AMEX (Payment Networks) so it knows you enrolled. You authorize Mastercard, Visa and AMEX to monitor transactions on you registered card(s) to identify qualifying purchases in order to determine whether you have qualified for or earned an offer linked to your payment card, and for Visa, Mastercard and AMEX (Payment Networks) to share such transaction details with Tanger and participating merchants to enable your card-linked offer(s) and provide offers that may be of interest to you. You may opt-out of transaction monitoring on the payment card(s) you have registered by navigating to your settings menu to remove your linked card(s).
SHARING YOUR INFORMATION
The information we collect is used to improve the content and the quality of our Service, and without your consent we will not otherwise sell, license or share your personal information to/with any other party(s) for commercial purposes, except: (a) to provide the Service, (b) when we have your permission, and/or (c) or under the following instances:
Affiliates:
We may share the information we collect with our subsidiaries and affiliates, for operational, marketing and promotional purposes.
Service Providers:
We may share your information with our
third-party service
providers that support various aspects of our business operations, these are as follows:
Codilink UK Ltd (trading as Coniq) , who assist us with:
storing and combining data;
processing transaction information of TangerClub members;
communicating with our TangerClub members about the benefits of the loyalty program;
communicating with customers who have signed up to communications;
Codilink Dooel Skopje (a subsidiary of Codilink UK Ltd), who assist us with:
customer support;
Stripe, who assist us with:
payments
Sendgrid, who provide us with:
email transmission
Fidel and the Payment Card Networks (Visa, Mastercard and AMEX), who
monitor card transactions for your participation in card linking
Taggun, who provide us with:
receipt scanning technologies
). When we do use an outside company, we use contractual or other appropriate means to ensure that personal information is used in a manner that is consistent with this Policy.
Legal Disclosure and Business Transfers:
There may be instances when Tanger may use or disclose your information, including situations where Tanger has a good faith belief that such use or disclosure is necessary in order to: (i) protect, enforce, or defend the legal rights, privacy, safety, or property of Tanger, our Company Affiliates or their employees, agents and contractors (including enforcement of our agreements and our terms of use); (ii) protect the safety, privacy, and security of users of the Tanger Services or members of the public; (iii) protect against fraud or for risk management purposes; (iv) comply with the law or legal process; or (v) respond to requests from public and government authorities.
If Tanger sells all or part of its business or makes a sale or transfer of its assets or is otherwise involved in a merger or transfer of all or a material part of its business (including in connection with a bankruptcy or similar proceedings) Tanger may transfer your information to the party or parties involved in the transaction as part of that transaction
LINKS TO THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES
Our Services may contain links to other websites. If you choose to "click on" a banner ad or other type of advertisement, or click on another third-party link, you will be directed to that third party's website. The fact that we link to a website or present a banner ad or other type of advertisement is not an endorsement, authorization or representation of our affiliation with that third party, nor is it an endorsement of their privacy or information security policies or practices. We do not exercise control over third-party websites. These other websites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit personal information from you. Other websites follow different rules regarding the use or disclosure of the personal information you submit to them. We encourage you to read the privacy policies or statements of the other websites you visit. This Privacy Policy does not extend to third party websites.
SOCIAL MEDIA SHARING
The Services may offer social sharing features or other integrated tools, which let you share actions you take on the Service with other media, and vice versa. The use of such features enables the sharing of information with your friends or the public, depending on the settings you establish with the third party that provides the social sharing feature. The fact that we link to or provide integrated tools for sharing with social media sites is not an endorsement, authorization or representation of our affiliation with that social media site, nor is it an endorsement of their privacy or information security policies or practices.
If you access or log-in to a Tanger Service through a social media service or connect a Tanger Service to a social media service, the information we collect may also include your user ID and/or user name associated with that social media service, any information or content you have permitted the social media service to share with us, such as your profile picture, email address or friends lists, and any information you have made public in connection with that social media service. When you access the Tanger Services through social media services or when you connect a Tanger Service to social media services, you are authorizing Tanger to collect, store, and use such information and content in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Additionally, if you log in with or connect a social media service account with Tanger Services, we may share your user name, picture, and likes, as well as your activities and comments with other Tanger Services users and with your friends associated with your social media service. We may also share the same information with the social media service provider. By logging in with or connecting your Tanger Services account with a social media service, you are authorizing us to share information we collect from and about you with the social media service provider, other users and your friends and you understand that the social media service's use of the shared information will be governed by the social media service's privacy policy. If you do not want your personal information shared in this way, please do not connect your social media service account with your Tanger Services account and do not participate in social sharing on Tanger Services.
YOUR RIGHTS
At any time you may submit a verifiable request to us, to which we will respond, which:
1. Requests that we disclose to you the types and specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you;
2. Requests that we change or delete any personal information we have collected about you;
3. Requests that we disclose what types of personal information about you we may have disclosed to third parties;
4. Requests that we disclose the categories of third parties to whom we have disclosed personal information about you;
5. Directs us not to disclose personal information about you to third parties
To submit a request or seek further information regarding your personal information, you may call us toll free at 1-800-4-TANGER or email us at tangercomments@tangeroutlets.com
SECURING YOUR PERSONAL INFO
Tanger is committed to safeguarding information collected from users of Tanger Services and employs commercially reasonable administrative, technical, personnel and physical measures to protect information in its possession against loss, theft and unauthorized use, disclosure or modification. However, no one can guarantee the complete safety of your information.
CHILDREN AND MINORS
The Service is not intended for use by minors under the age of 13 and we do not knowingly solicit any information from or market to such minors. If we become aware that we have inadvertently received personal information from a user under the age of 13, we will take appropriate action to delete such information from our records. If you are a parent or legal guardian who discovers that your child has provided us with information without your consent, please contact us.
CHANGES
We may periodically update this Policy at our sole discretion. We will post any changes to this Policy to our website, and if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice (including, in some cases, email notification of such changes). Please ensure that your primary email address on file with us is correct. You can update or correct certain information through the Service. To do so, please visit our website, where you can access and modify your individual preferences and some of your personal information, or contact us.
DATA PROTECTION LAWS
If you are a user located outside the United States, you understand and consent to having any personal information processed in the United States. United States data protection and other relevant laws may not be the same as those in your jurisdiction. This includes the use of cookies and other tracking technologies as described above. As a result, please read this Privacy Policy with care.
COLLECTION OF PERSONAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION BY A PAYMENT SERVICE.
In some cases, we may use a third party service provider or providers to process credit card transactions regarding the purchase of a product, such as a gift card or participation in a Tanger loyalty program ("Payment Service"). Any information that you provide to a Payment Service will be subject to the applicable Payment Service's privacy policy, rather than this Privacy Policy. We have no control over, and are not responsible for, any Payment Service's use of information collected through any Payment Service.
DATA RETENTION
We will retain your information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or allowed by law.
Remember that even after you cancel your account, copies of some information from your account may remain viewable in some circumstances where, for example, you have shared information with social media or other services. Because of the nature of caching technology, your account may not be instantly inaccessible to others. We may also retain backup information related to your account on our servers for some time after cancelation for fraud detection or to comply with applicable law or our internal security policies. It is not always possible to completely remove or delete all of your information due to technical constraints, contractual, financial or legal requirements.
OPTING OUT
We may send you communications regarding our Services, including (without limitation): (a) notices about your use of our Service (including any notices regarding violations of such use), (b) updates to our Service, (c) promotional information and materials related to our Services and (d) notices about Tanger Outlet centers and our retailers’ products, services, offers, promotions, news, upcoming events, and other information we think will be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving these promotional emails and other promotional communications from us at any time by either the specific means set forth in the method of communication, by calling 1-800-4-TANGER or by visiting the Tanger website and following the directions. You may also modify your individual preferences by contacting us with your specific request. Please note, however, that opt-out requests may not apply to non-promotional system messages (e.g., transactional service messages, security alerts, update notices).
CONTACTING US
Please contact us with any questions, comments or concerns about this Policy.
Email: tangercomments@tangeroutlets.com
Mail:
Tanger Outlet Centers3200 Northline Ave., Suite 360Greensboro, NC 27408