Weight Diary
Home Contents
Contact
Weight Diary Privacy Policy
Last Updated 09/06/2018
We take the privacy of our customers ("Customer" or "you" or "your") seriously. This Privacy Policy is designed to tell you about our practices regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of information that CurlyBrace Apps Ltd. ("us" or "we") or its third party service providers collect through the Weight Diary iPhone application (“Weight Diary" or "Application"). Data collected through your use of the Application is governed by this Privacy Policy. Please be sure to read this entire Privacy Policy before using the Application.
By accessing or using Weight Diary, you consent to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. We may modify or update this Privacy Policy at any time. Your continued use of this Application constitutes your acceptance to this Privacy Policy and any modifications or updates.
Personal Information
Your use of Weight Diary may cause certain information, including information you may consider personal to you ("Personal Information"), to be stored locally on your iPhone ("Device"). This data includes your birthdate, height, gender, weight, body fat and notes that you enter into Weight Diary. ("Weight Data”).
By default, Weight Data is stored locally on your Device or backed up to the Apple iCloud (“iCloud”) account associated with your Device. You may also opt to store Weight Data with third party service providers such as Apple's Health app (“HealthKit”).
We will treat your Personal Information and Weight Data as confidential and we will not share your Personal Information or Weight Data with third parties, such as third party service providers and/or advertisers, without your permission.
HealthKit Integration
You may opt to integrate Weight Diary with HealthKit. If you grant Weight Diary access to HealthKit then Weight Data will be imported from HealthKit in certain circumstances for the purposes of weight tracking. In addition, Weight Diary may transfer Weight Data that you store locally on your Device to HealthKit. Weight Diary cannot read from or write to HealthKit unless you grant access. Weight Data accessed from HealthKit will never be shared with third parties, such as third party service providers and/or advertisers, without your permission.
Weight Diary is in no way responsible for the protection of the Weight Data and/or other information stored in HealthKit. You and Apple are solely responsible for the protection of such information in HealthKit. Please review Apple's applicable policies and procedures before syncing your Weight Data with HealthKit.
Security
We take reasonable steps to protect information about you that is in our possession and control, such as your Personal Information and Weight Data, from loss, misuse, and unauthorised access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. Unfortunately, no Internet transmission is ever completely secure or error-free. In particular, email sent between you and us may not be secure, due, for instance, to the security practices that you, your email carrier, and/or Internet provider employ. You should therefore take special care in deciding what information you send to us via email. Please keep this in mind when disclosing any personal data to us via the Internet.
You are solely responsible for the protection of your Device, including any use of Weight Diary or any storage of Personal Information or Weight Data incident to the use of Weight Diary on your Device. Please consult your Device's documentation on how to manage local storage and how to apply appropriate security controls to the Device for the protection of information such as passwords. You are entirely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your Device password.
Personal Information or Weight Data that is stored on your Device is your responsibility. In the event that your Device becomes lost or inoperable, your Weight Data may not be recoverable.
Children’s Privacy
We never collect or maintain information from those we actually know are under the age of 13, and Weight Diary is not designed to attract anyone under the age of 13.
Privacy Policy Updates
At times it may be necessary for us to make changes to this Privacy Policy such as due to changes in the services we offer, Apple's policies and procedures, and/or the applicable laws of the England and Wales. We reserve the right to update or modify this Privacy Policy at any time without prior notice. This Privacy Policy was last updated on the date indicated below. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on Curlybrace.co.uk. As set forth above, your continued use of the Application after any changes or revisions to this Privacy Policy shall indicate your acceptance and agreement with the terms of such revised Privacy Policy.
International Users
CurlyBrace Apps Ltd. is located in England and is subject to the laws of the England and Wales. If you use Weight Diary, you consent to the use and disclosure of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and subject to such laws.
Contact Information
If you have questions about the policies described in this statement, please email us directly at support@curlybrace.co.uk
Note: If you are looking for the Weight Diary Lite privacy policy it can be found
here
.
Copyright © 2025 CurlyBrace Apps Ltd.