Privacy provisions of Peakhunter.com
Preamble
The protection of personal data is a central concern of Peakhunter.com.
With these privacy provisions, Peakhunter.com provides information as to how Peakhunter.com will process members' personal data, and how this data can be exchanged with other users.
These privacy provisions supplement the General Terms and Conditions.
1 Basic principles used by Peakhunter.com when processing personal data
Peakhunter.com complies with the following principles for the protection of personal data:
Peakhunter.com collects, processes and uses the personal data in compliance with the Federal Act for Data Protection of the Swiss Confederation.
Peakhunter.com uses the personal data exclusively to enable the use of the Peakhunter.com internet services for which registration is required. In no case will Peakhunter.com make the personal data available to third parties for advertising or marketing purposes, or otherwise provide it to third parties.
The first and last name, age, gender, country, the logged Peaks (texts, coordinated) and any uploaded image with a corresponding caption are visible to all persons.
All other information can then be seen both by non-members and Peakhunter.com members only if and to the extent explicitly permitted (see Section 4 of these privacy provisions).
Email address, birthdate are never displayed.
2 Established terms for these privacy provisions
Peakhunter.com uses certain established terms in these privacy provisions:
"Personal data" are all details about one's personal or factual circumstances.
The web pages where Peakhunter.com offers the Peakhunter.com services are referred to collectively as the "Peakhunter web site".
The users registered at the Peakhunter web site are referred to as "members".
The services offered on the Peakhunter web site which require registration are referred as "Peakhunter.com services".
The personal data that must be entered during registration for the Peakhunter.com services (mandatory fields) and other associated voluntary information is called "account information".
The additional personal data that is presented based on information from the member is referred to as a "profile".
3 What does Peakhunter.com know about the members, what does a member permit for Peakhunter.com and the members, and what happens to the personal data?
3.1 Account information
In order for the Peakhunter.com services to function properly, Peakhunter.com must collect and process certain personal data as account information at the time of registration. This initially includes following data at some point:
User name (email)
Password
In no event and at no time are the user name and password visible to members. In no event will Peakhunter.com pass this data to third parties and/or otherwise make third parties aware of it.
In addition, the following mandatory fields must be filled out at the time of registration:
First name, last name
Email
Country of residence.
Birthday
Gender
The email address will never be displayed. Using a special form, members can send a message to other members of Peakhunter.com. The transmission will take place via email. As a result, the recipient will know the email address of the sender and can send his or her response to this address.
3.2 Optional information (not yet implented)
In addition to the mandatory account information, additional information (referred to as "optional information" below) can be provided on a voluntary basis, which makes it possible for other members to better know a member. At present, a second given name, a company or organization, coordinates and a signature are included as part of optional information. In addition, an image can be uploaded and supplemented with a caption.
3.3. Profile
The profile can be supplemented voluntarily with the following personal contact data:
Private phone
Business phone
Mobile phone
Web site (URL/text)
Address (address 1, address 2, postal code, city or location, district, region/province, country)
Date of birth
Gender
The profile serves the same purpose as the additional information in the account information.
3.4. delete account - request deletion of personal data
The created account and all personal data at Peakhunter.com can be deleted at any time:
Log in to peakhunter.com
Access the settings via the main menu (Username > Settings or https://peakhunter.com/de/settings)
Scroll down to the CLEAR PEAKHUNTER ACCOUNT section.
Press "Delete profile now" and confirm the dialog.
Attention: deleted accounts cannot be restored,
  the account will immediately no longer be visible and all personal data will be deleted from our systems after 5 days (Attention: Sent messages cannot be deleted on the recipient side)!
4 Visibility of the profile
The extent of the sphere of privacy can be set at any time under "Change profile\Visibility". As such, a member chooses either greater privacy or greater visibility on the internet and thus greater accessibility of the profile at the same time.
The profile data can be released as follows:
Public (the profile is visible to all, even to non-members)
Peakhunter.com (the profile is visible only to members).
5 Invitations (not yet implemented)
Members can invite other persons to become members at Peakhunter.com. Peakhunter.com will use the personal data collected for this purpose exclusively for purposes of the invitation and no other purposes.
6 Search functions
The Peakhunter.com services offer various options for searching for certain other members and summit names. These search functions help members find other members and thus expand their personal network or collect information in a very targeted manner.
7 Newsletter, subscriptions and notifications
Peakhunter.com will send a newsletter only if it is absolutely necessary in order to inform members in this manner regarding new features at Peakhunter.com, or regarding other important information.
8 Cookies
The Peakhunter.com services use cookies after log-on (with user name and password), with which the member can be identified for the duration of the visit. A cookie is stored on the computer. If cookies cannot be accepted as a matter of principle, the Peakhunter web site can still be visited. The user name and password would then always need to be re-entered.
Google Analytics Disclaimer
This website & Apps (Peakhunter Android, Peakhunter iOS, Peakhunter Pro iOS) uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer to help the website analyse how visitors use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States . Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
You can prevent Google’s collection and use of data (cookies and IP address) by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en
.
Please note that this website initializes Google Analytics with the setting: anonymizeIp
This guarantees anonymized data collection by masking the last part of your IP address.
Further information concerning the terms and conditions of use and data privacy can be found at
http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/gb.html
or at
http://www.google.com/intl/en_uk/analytics/privacyoverview.html
9 Log files
Access data will be stored in a log file, the server log, for each page request. The record stored as a result contains the following data:
the IP address (through which the computer can be unambiguously identified),
the remote host (name and IP address of the computer that requests the page),
the time, the status, the quantity of data transferred and the internet page from which the user visited the requested page (referrer), as well as
the product and version information for the browser used (user agent).
Peakhunter.com uses the log data (logs) anonymously, and thus without correlation or reference to persons, for statistical analyses. As such, Peakhunter.com can learn, for example, on what days and at what times the offerings of the Peakhunter web site are particularly popular, and what volume of data is produced at the Peakhunter web site. In addition, Peakhunter.com can detect possible errors using the log files (broken links or program errors, for example) and thus use the log files for the development of the Peakhunter web site. Peakhunter.com does not associate the page requests and usage stored in the server log with individual persons. However, Peakhunter.com reserves the right to subsequently review the log files for the last known IP addresses of those members for whom, based on specific facts, the suspicion exists that they are using the Peakhunter web site and/or the Peakhunter.com services in a manner that is unlawful and/or in violation of the contract. This serves to protect both the members and the security of member data as well as the Peakhunter web site and the Peakhunter.com services.
In addition, each entry of and change to content by members is logged; this is also visible on the web site with the content.
10 Changes to the privacy provisions
Peakhunter.com reserves the right to change these privacy provisions at any time if changes become necessary as a result of provisional gaps subsequently detected, or with regard to new services provided by Peakhunter.com.
The current version of the privacy statement on the Peakhunter web site is always the applicable one. Peakhunter.com will provide notice via email to the email address specified in the context of registration regarding important changes to these privacy provisions.
11 Accessibility of the privacy provisions
These privacy provisions can be accessed and printed out anywhere from the Peakhunter web site under Privacy.
The version published here is current as of January 2019