TouringPlans Help
Terms of Use and Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Comments and Concerns
Terms of Use
Acceptance of the Terms of Use
These terms of use are entered into by and between you and Magnolia Consulting Inc.
	   ("Company", "we" or "us"). The following terms and conditions, govern your access to
	   and use of TouringPlans.com, including any content, functionality and services offered
	   on or through TouringPlans.com (the "Website"), whether as a guest or a registered user.
Please read the Terms of Use carefully before you start to use the Website. You agree that
	by clicking "Join Now!", "LogIn", "Subscribe", or similar, or registering, accessing, or
	using the Website, you accept and agree to be bound and abide by these Terms of Use and
	our Privacy Policy (below), incorporated herein by reference. If you do not want to agree to these
	Terms of Use or the Privacy Policy, you must not access or use the Website.
This Website is offered and available to users who are 18 years of age or older. By using
	this Website, you represent and warrant that you are of legal age to form a binding
	contract with the Company and meet all of the foregoing eligibility requirements. If you
	do not meet all of these requirements, you must not access or use the Website.
Changes to the Terms of Use
We may revise and update these Terms of Use from time to time in our sole discretion.
	Your continued use of the Website following the posting of revised Terms of Use means
	that you accept and agree to the changes. You are expected to check this page so you are
	aware of any changes, as they are binding on you.
Accessing the Website and Account Security
We reserve the right to withdraw or amend this Website, and any service or material we provide on the
	Website, in our sole discretion without notice. We will not be liable if for any reason all or any part
	of the Website is unavailable at any time or for any period. From time to time, we may restrict access
	to some parts of the Website, or the entire Website, to users, including registered users.
To access the Website or some of the resources it offers, you may be asked to provide certain registration
	details or other information. It is a condition of your use of the Website that all the information you
	provide on the Website is correct, current and complete. You agree that all information you provide to
	register with this Website or otherwise, including but not limited to through the use of any interactive
	features on the Website, is governed by our Privacy Policy (below), and you consent to all actions we
	take with respect to your information consistent with our Privacy Policy.
If you choose, or are provided with, a user name, password or any other piece of information as part of
	our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential, and you must not disclose it
	to any other person or entity. You also acknowledge that your account is personal to you and agree not
	to provide any other person with access to this Website or portions of it using your user name, password
	or other security information. You agree to notify us immediately of any unauthorized access to or use
	of your user name or password or any other breach of security. You also agree to ensure that you exit
	from your account at the end of each session. You should use particular caution when accessing your
	account from a public or shared computer so that others are not able to view or record your password
	or other personal information.
We have the right to disable any user name, password or other identifier, whether chosen by you or
	provided by us, at any time in our sole discretion for any or no reason, including if, in our opinion,
	you have violated any provision of these Terms of Use.
Intellectual Property Rights
The Website and its entire contents, features and functionality (including but not limited to all information,
	software, text, displays, images, video and audio, and the design, selection and arrangement thereof), are
	owned by the Company, its licensors or other providers of such material and are protected by United States
	and international copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret and other intellectual property or proprietary
	rights laws.
These Terms of Use permit you to use the Website for your personal, non-commercial use only, unless you have
	been granted express permission to make commercial use of the Website subject to the terms of our
Travel Professional Program
. You must not reproduce, distribute, modify, create derivative works of, publicly
	display, publicly perform, republish, download, store or transmit any of the material on our Website, except
	as follows:
Your computer may temporarily store copies of such materials in RAM incidental to your accessing and viewing those materials.
You may store files that are automatically cached by your Web browser for display enhancement purposes.
You may print or download a reasonable number of pages of the Website for your own personal, non-commercial use and not for further reproduction, publication or distribution.
If we provide desktop, mobile or other applications for download, you may download a single copy to your computer or mobile device solely for your own personal, non-commercial use, provided you agree to be bound by our end user license agreement for such applications.
If we provide social media features with certain content, you may take such actions as are enabled by such features.
You must not:
Modify copies of any materials from this site.
Delete or alter any copyright, trademark or other proprietary rights notices from copies of materials from this site.
You must not access or use for any commercial purposes any part of the Website or any services or materials
	available through the Website unless you have been granted express permission to make commercial use of the
	Website subject to the terms of our
Travel Professional Program
.
If you wish to make any use of material on the Website other than that set out in this section, please
contact us
.
If you print, copy, modify, download or otherwise use or provide any other person with access to any part
	of the Website in breach of the Terms of Use, your right to use the Website will cease immediately and you
	must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made. No right, title or
	interest in or to the Website or any content on the Website is transferred to you, and all rights not
	expressly granted are reserved by the Company. Any use of the Website not expressly permitted by these
	Terms of Use is a breach of these Terms of Use and may violate copyright, trademark and other laws.
Trademarks
The Company name, the terms TouringPlans, Crowd Calendar, and associated logos and all related names, logos,
	product and service names, designs and slogans are trademarks of the Company or its affiliates or licensors.
	You must not use such marks without the prior written permission of the Company. All other names, logos,
	product and service names, designs and slogans on this Website are the trademarks of their respective owners.
Prohibited Uses
You may use the Website only for lawful purposes and in accordance with these Terms of Use. You agree not
	to use the Website:
In any way that violates any applicable federal, state, local or international law or regulation (including, without limitation, any laws regarding the export of data or software to and from the US or other countries).
For the purpose of exploiting, harming or attempting to exploit or harm minors in any way by exposing them to inappropriate content, asking for personally identifiable information or otherwise.
To send, knowingly receive, upload, download, use or re-use any material which does not comply with the Content Standards set out in these Terms of Use.
To transmit, or procure the sending of, any advertising or promotional material, including any "junk mail", "chain letter" or "spam" or any other similar solicitation.
To impersonate or attempt to impersonate the Company, a Company employee, another user or any other person or entity.
To engage in any other conduct that restricts or inhibits anyone's use or enjoyment of the Website, or which, as determined by us, may harm the Company or users of the Website or expose them to liability.
Additionally, you agree not to:
Use the Website in any manner that could disable, overburden, damage, or impair the site or
			interfere with any other party's use of the Website, including their ability to engage in real
			time activities through the Website.
Use any robot, spider or other automatic device, process or means to access the Website for any purpose, including monitoring or copying any of the material on the Website.
Use any manual process to monitor or copy any of the material on the Website or for any other unauthorized purpose without our prior written consent.
Use any device, software or routine that interferes with the proper working of the Website.
Introduce any viruses, trojan horses, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful.
Attempt to gain unauthorized access to, interfere with, damage or disrupt any parts of the Website, the server on which the Website is stored, or any server, computer or database connected to the Website.
Attack the Website via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of-service attack.
Otherwise attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Website.
Reliance on Information Posted
The information presented on or through the Website is made available solely for general information purposes.
	We do not warrant the accuracy, completeness or usefulness of this information. Any reliance you place on such
	information is strictly at your own risk. We disclaim all liability and responsibility arising from any reliance
	placed on such materials by you or any other visitor to the Website, or by anyone who may be informed of any of
	its contents.
This Website may include content provided by third parties, including materials provided by other users,
	bloggers and third-party licensors, syndicators, aggregators and/or reporting services. All statements and/or
	opinions expressed in these materials, and all articles and responses to questions and other content, other
	than the content provided by the Company, are solely the opinions and the responsibility of the person or
	entity providing those materials. These materials do not necessarily reflect the opinion of the Company. We
	are not responsible, or liable to you or any third party, for the content or accuracy of any materials
	provided by any third parties.
Changes to the Website
We may update the content on this Website from time to time, but its content is not necessarily complete or up-to-date. Any of the material on the Website may be out of date at any given time, and we are under no obligation to update such material.
Information About You and Your Visits to the Website
All information we collect on this Website is subject to our Privacy Policy (below). By using the Website,
	you consent to all actions taken by us with respect to your information in compliance with the Privacy Policy.
Linking to the Website and Social Media Features
You may link to our homepage, www.TouringPlans.com, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and
	does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it, but you must not establish a link in such a way as
	to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part without our express written consent.
This Website may provide certain social media features that enable you to:
Link from your own or certain third-party websites to certain content on this Website.
Send e-mails or other communications with certain content, or links to certain content, on this Website.
Cause limited portions of content on this Website to be displayed or appear to be displayed on your own or certain third-party websites.
You may use these features solely as they are provided by us. Subject to the foregoing, you must not:
Cause the Website or portions of it to be displayed, or appear to be displayed by, for example, framing, deep linking or in-line linking, on any other site.
Link to any part of the Website other than the homepage.
Otherwise take any action with respect to the materials on this Website that is inconsistent with any other provision of these Terms of Use.
You agree to cooperate with us in causing any unauthorized framing or linking immediately to cease. We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice.
We may disable all or any social media features and any links at any time without notice in our discretion.
Links from the Website
If the Website contains links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are
	provided for your convenience only. This includes links contained in advertisements, including banner
	advertisements and sponsored links. We have no control over the contents of those sites or resources, and
	accept no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them. If you
	decide to access any of the third party websites linked to this Website, you do so entirely at your own
	risk and subject to the terms and conditions of use for such websites.
Geographic Restrictions
The owner of the Website is based in the state of Florida in the United States. We provide this Website for
	use only by persons located in the United States. We make no claims that the Website or any of its content
	is accessible or appropriate outside of the United States. Access to the Website may not be legal by
	certain persons or in certain countries. If you access the Website from outside the United States, you do
	so on your own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws.
Disclaimer of Warranties
You understand that we cannot and do not guarantee or warrant that files available for downloading from the
	internet or the Website will be free of viruses or other destructive code. You are responsible for
	implementing sufficient procedures and checkpoints to satisfy your particular requirements for anti-virus
	protection and accuracy of data input and output, and for maintaining a means external to our site for any
	reconstruction of any lost data. WE WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE CAUSED BY A DISTRIBUTED
	DENIAL-OF-SERVICE ATTACK, VIRUSES OR OTHER TECHNOLOGICALLY HARMFUL MATERIAL THAT MAY INFECT YOUR COMPUTER
	EQUIPMENT, COMPUTER PROGRAMS, DATA OR OTHER PROPRIETARY MATERIAL DUE TO YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE OR ANY
	SERVICES OR ITEMS OBTAINED THROUGH THE WEBSITE OR TO YOUR DOWNLOADING OF ANY MATERIAL POSTED ON IT, OR ON
	ANY WEBSITE LINKED TO IT.
YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE, ITS CONTENT AND ANY SERVICES OR ITEMS OBTAINED THROUGH THE WEBSITE IS AT YOUR
	OWN RISK. THE WEBSITE, ITS CONTENT AND ANY SERVICES OR ITEMS OBTAINED THROUGH THE WEBSITE ARE PROVIDED ON
	AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS, WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED.
	NEITHER THE COMPANY NOR ANY PERSON ASSOCIATED WITH THE COMPANY MAKES ANY WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION WITH
	RESPECT TO THE COMPLETENESS, SECURITY, RELIABILITY, QUALITY, ACCURACY OR AVAILABILITY OF THE WEBSITE.
	WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, NEITHER THE COMPANY NOR ANYONE ASSOCIATED WITH THE COMPANY REPRESENTS OR
	WARRANTS THAT THE WEBSITE, ITS CONTENT OR ANY SERVICES OR ITEMS OBTAINED THROUGH THE WEBSITE WILL BE
	ACCURATE, RELIABLE, ERROR-FREE OR UNINTERRUPTED, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, THAT OUR SITE OR THE
	SERVER THAT MAKES IT AVAILABLE ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS OR THAT THE WEBSITE OR ANY
	SERVICES OR ITEMS OBTAINED THROUGH THE WEBSITE WILL OTHERWISE MEET YOUR NEEDS OR EXPECTATIONS.
THE COMPANY HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE,
	INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT AND FITNESS FOR
	PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
THE FOREGOING DOES NOT AFFECT ANY WARRANTIES WHICH CANNOT BE EXCLUDED OR LIMITED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.
Limitation on Liability
IN NO EVENT WILL THE COMPANY, ITS AFFILIATES OR THEIR LICENSORS, SERVICE PROVIDERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS,
	OFFICERS OR DIRECTORS BE LIABLE FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, UNDER ANY LEGAL THEORY, ARISING OUT OF OR IN
	CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE, OR INABILITY TO USE, THE WEBSITE, ANY WEBSITES LINKED TO IT, ANY CONTENT ON
	THE WEBSITE OR SUCH OTHER WEBSITES OR ANY SERVICES OR ITEMS OBTAINED THROUGH THE WEBSITE OR SUCH OTHER
	WEBSITES, INCLUDING ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES,
	INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PERSONAL INJURY, PAIN AND SUFFERING, EMOTIONAL DISTRESS, LOSS OF REVENUE,
	LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF BUSINESS OR ANTICIPATED SAVINGS, LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF GOODWILL, LOSS OF DATA,
	AND WHETHER CAUSED BY TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), BREACH OF CONTRACT OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF FORESEEABLE.
THE FOREGOING DOES NOT AFFECT ANY LIABILITY WHICH CANNOT BE EXCLUDED OR LIMITED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.
Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless the Company, its affiliates, licensors and service
	providers, and its and their respective officers, directors, employees, contractors, agents, licensors,
	suppliers, successors and assigns from and against any claims, liabilities, damages, judgments, awards,
	losses, costs, expenses or fees (including reasonable attorneys' fees) arising out of or relating to your
	violation of these Terms of Use or your use of the Website, including, but not limited to, your User
	Contributions, any use of the Website's content, services and products other than as expressly
	authorized in these Terms of Use or your use of any information obtained from the Website.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
All matters relating to the Website and these Terms of Use and any dispute or claim arising therefrom or
	related thereto (in each case, including non-contractual disputes or claims), shall be governed by and
	construed in accordance with the laws of the state of Florida without giving effect to any choice or
	conflict of law provision or rule.
Any legal suit, action or proceeding arising out of, or related to, these Terms of Use or the Website
	shall be instituted exclusively in the federal courts of the United States or the courts of the State of
	Florida although we retain the right to bring any suit, action or proceeding against you for breach of
	these Terms of Use in your country of residence or any other relevant country. You waive any and all
	objections to the exercise of jurisdiction over you by such courts and to venue in such courts.
Waiver and Severability
No waiver of by the Company of any term or condition set forth in these Terms of Use shall be deemed a
	further or continuing waiver of such term or condition or a waiver of any other term or condition, and
	any failure of the Company to assert a right or provision under these Terms of Use shall not constitute
	a waiver of such right or provision.
If any provision of these Terms of Use is held by a court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction to
	be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason, such provision shall be eliminated or limited to the
	minimum extent such that the remaining provisions of the Terms of Use will continue in full force and effect.
Entire Agreement
The Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy constitute the sole and entire agreement between you and Company
	with respect to the Website and supersede all prior and contemporaneous understandings, agreements,
	representations and warranties, both written and oral, with respect to the Website.
Privacy Policy
(A) Information Use
If you provide us with details about your trip, we'll use that information to make suggestions on how to
	make your trip better. For example, if you tell us the rides you want to ride in Walt Disney World and ask
	us to create a touring plan that minimizes your wait in line for those rides, we'll use that list of rides
	to make your touring plan. Also, if you tell us about your trip in an email and ask us for advice, we'll
	use the information in that email to answer your question. Finally, if a government agency demands that
	we share your information, we're going to do that (because governments have armies and we do not). We're
	pretty sure you know all of this, but apparently there are a bunch of lawyers in Europe who think you don't.
(B) Data Sharing
Your personal data will never be sold to, traded to, bartered with, rented to, or exchanged for magic beans
	with any third party. We have enough trouble keeping up with our kids, and we certainly don't have time to
	keep track of y'all.
We reserve the right to monitor your communications with us whether by mail, voice, fax, e-mail or any
	other form of transmission for the purposes of quality control, security and other business needs.
Approximately once per year, we may send you a notice regarding the availability of our new Unofficial Guide
	book, to one destination to which you've subscribed. We'll provide an opt-out option on each of these emails.
(C) Data Security
We use appropriate security measures to prevent information about you from being accidentally lost, used
	or accessed in an unauthorized way, altered or disclosed. But this is the Internet and we can't ensure or
	warrant the security of any information provided online. We have put in place procedures to deal with any
	suspected data breach that will affect you and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach
	where we are legally required to do so.
(D) Data Retention
We'll keep your information around long enough to fulfil our obligation to help plan your trip. Beyond that,
	we may retain the data for historical analysis about general trends at Walt Disney World. For example, we
	might use your data to say something like "20% more people are visiting Cinderella's Royal Table now than
	5 years ago." If we do this, we'll always display aggregated data and not personally identifiable stuff.
(E) Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics to analyze the use of our website. Google Analytics gathers information about website use by means of cookies. The information gathered relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of our website. This lets us know what customers like viewing on our site. Google's privacy policy is available at:
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
(F) Transactional Data
If you buy something from us, we may process information relating to transactions, including purchases of goods and services, that you enter into with us and/or through our site ("Transactional Data"). The Transactional Data may include your contact details, your card details and the transaction details. We do not store payment details on our systems. However, the transaction data may be processed for the purpose of supplying the purchased goods and services and keeping proper records of those transactions. Payment processing on our site is handled by our payment services providers (PayPal, Apple App Store, and Google Play). We will share transaction data with our payment services providers only to the extent necessary for the purposes of processing your payments, refunding such payments and dealing with complaints and queries relating to such payments and refunds. You can find information about the payment services providers' privacy policies and practices online:
PayPal
,
Apple App Store
,
Google
.
(G) Advertising
This Site is affiliated with CMI Marketing, Inc., d/b/a CafeMedia ("CafeMedia") for the purposes of placing advertising on the site, and CafeMedia will collect and use certain data for advertising purposes. To learn more about CafeMedia’s data usage, click here:
www.cafemedia.com/publisher-advertising-privacy-policy
Comments and Concerns
If you have any questions regarding the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, or any other matter, you may
contact us
. Officially speaking, our business is Magnolia Consulting, Inc. dba TouringPlans.com, PO Box 470935, Celebration FL 34747.
This document is in effect as of June 25, 2022.
Loading ...
Disney Dish with Jim Hill Podcast
Learn more about the latest doings at Disney with Len Testa of TouringPlans & Jim Hill of JimHillMedia.com
Listen Now
Learn more about the latest doings at Disney with TouringPlan's  Len Testa & Jim Hill of JimHillMedia.com
Listen Now
Copyright ©2025 TouringPlans.com. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy & Terms of Use | Cookie Preference