Your privacy is
important to us.
A message from our Chief Privacy Officer.
You have choices about how your information is used.
Our privacy policies explain
how you can make these choices
.
Read up on state law privacy rights.
You can find information about specific state laws in the
state law section of our privacy policy
.
Let's make sure you're in the right place.
Verizon Privacy Policies
The Verizon privacy policy applies when you interact with us or use services we offer to customers in the United States.
Verizon Privacy Policy Summary
Full Verizon Privacy Policy
California Privacy Rights
Verizon Privacy Dashboard
Fios Privacy Policy
Information for Business Customers
These sections apply when you interact with us or use services we offer to business  customers.  The International Privacy Centre applies to customers outside of the US. The US Data Privacy page applies to customers inside the US.
International Privacy Centre
US Data Privacy
Apps and services
Our apps and services privacy policies apply in addition to our Verizon privacy policy when you use these services.
Hum
Gizmo
Wild and Seek
Care Smart
Advanced Messaging
Replica App
Senion Install
Verizon Family
Subsidiary companies
Separate privacy policies apply for some of our subsidiary companies.
Visible
TracFone
State Privacy Rights
Some state laws provide additional privacy rights to residents.
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Illinois
Iowa
Maine
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
Oregon
Texas
Utah
Virginia
Nevada and Washington Health Privacy Notice
Notices
Separate privacy notices apply for additional offerings.
Device Payment Plan Privacy
Automated License Plate Recognition
Here's a summary of our Privacy Policy.
We are committed to strong and meaningful privacy protections.
Our
Privacy Policy
details the information we collect, how we use and disclose it, and the choices you have about certain uses and disclosures of information we have about you. We’ve summarized key elements of the policy here for your convenience.
What information does Verizon collect?
We collect information you provide to us, about your use of our products and services and about your interactions with us. We also collect information about how our network and your devices are working, including the location of your wireless devices. We also obtain information about you from other companies, such as credit, demographic and interest information.
Learn more
How does Verizon use information?
We use information to provide you with services and enhance your experiences with us. This includes delivering and maintaining your products, services, and your account and billing records; developing new products and services; personalizing your experiences; and delivering marketing offers to you.
Learn more
Does Verizon disclose my information?
We disclose information within Verizon, with service providers and with others.
We disclose information within Verizon including with our affiliates; with service providers who perform work on our behalf; and with others as described in this policy including for fraud prevention, directory assistance, legal compliance, credit and collections, caller id, and certain advertising purposes. We also respond to legal requests and may disclose information with your consent.
Learn more
Does Verizon have programs that allow other companies to use information about me?
We have optional programs that allow Verizon and third parties to show you advertisements that are more personalized and useful to you or to help third parties verify your identity. Another program develops insights by analyzing de-identified customer information and reporting on aggregate behaviors.
Learn more
What choices do I have about uses of my information?
You have choices about how Verizon reaches you with marketing and whether certain types of information may be disclosed within Verizon for marketing purposes. You also have choices about whether your information may be used for our advertising and insights programs, for verification purposes, and for certain uses of device information where applicable. You also have a choice about whether our websites and apps may disclose information for certain targeted advertising purposes.
Learn more
How does Verizon protect my information, and how do I update my account details?
We have a variety of safeguards in place to help protect your information against unauthorized access, use or disclosure. You can also access and update information we have about you and delete certain information we have.
Learn more
Do I have specific rights under privacy laws in the United States?
You may have additional rights under the Cable Act and state laws, including California, Colorado, Connecticut, Illinois, Maine, Montana, Nevada, Oregon, Texas, Utah, Virginia and Washington privacy laws.
Learn more
How do I learn about changes to this privacy policy?
We periodically update our privacy policy. We provide a brief summary of these updates when we make them. If we change the way we use or disclose information that identifies you in a way that is materially different from what was stated in our privacy policy at the time the information was collected, you will be given an opportunity to update your choices about the new use or disclosure.
View Recent Changes
Related topics
Read
Curious about our responses to government data demands?
Curious about our responses to government data demands?
Our Transparency Report provides information about data requests we receive.
Tips
Discover tips to keep your account secure.
Discover tips to keep your account secure.
Protect yourself from frauds and scams.
Read
Looking for support parenting in a digital world?
Looking for support parenting in a digital world?
Navigate tips and advice for your connected family.
Contact us with any questions or concerns related to privacy.
Write
Verizon Privacy Office
1300 I Street, NW Suite 500 East
Washington, DC 20005
Online
Submit a
privacy inquiry form