Privacy Policy
The Skunk Brothers GmbH (hereinafter "Skunk Brothers", is pleased that you are interested in using our apps. Data protection and data security are very important to us. Therefore, we would like to inform you about the personal data we collect if you use our apps and about the intended purposes.
As changes to the law or changes to our corporate processes may require an adaptation of this privacy statement, we ask you to read this privacy policy regularly. The privacy policy can be accessed any time under “Privacy Policy”.
§ 1 Data Controller
The controller according to the EU General Data Protection Regulation (hereinafter: GDPR) and other national data protection acts of the Member States, as well as other data protection regulations, is:
Skunk Brothers GmbH
Goldpeppingstr 12
60435 Frankfurt am Main
Germany
Website:
http://skunkbrothers.de
§ 2 Data Protection Officer
The Data Protection Officer of Skunk Brothers can be contacted at:
Name: Marcus Scherer
Address: Goldpeppinstr. 12, 60435 Frankfurt
Tel.:+49 173/3203333
E-mail: apps@skunkbrothers.de
§ 3 Principles of Processing Personal Data
Personal data are all information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person. This includes information such as your name, age, address, telephone number, date of birth, e-mail address, IP address or user behavior. Information that cannot (or only with a disproportionate effort) be referred to your person, e.g. by anonymizing the information, is not personal data. The processing of personal data (e.g. the collection, retrieval, use, storage or transmission) always requires a legal basis or your consent.
Processed personal data will be deleted as soon as the purpose of the processing has been fulfilled and no legally prescribed retention obligations are to be observed.
In case we process your personal data for the provision of certain offers, please find below information about the specific processes, the scope and purpose of data processing, the legal basis for processing and the respective storage period.
§ 4 Personal Data processed within the app
When you use our apps, we collect the following personal data that is recorded to the extent necessary for the provi­sion of the app, our contents and services:
IP address
Advertiser ID
technical information about your device
Art. 6 (1) lit. f GDPR serves as the legal basis for the data processing. The processing of the mentioned data is necessary for the provision of our services and thus serves the protection of a legitimate interest of our company.
The data subject’s personal data are deleted or blocked as soon as the purpose of the storage is fulfilled. The collection of data and the storage of data is absolutely necessary for the operation of the app. Consequently, there is no possibility of objection for the user. Further storage may take place in individual cases if this is required by law.
§ 5 Advertisement
In order to make our apps available for free we use the following ad technology providers to display advertisement to you.
1. Google AdMob
In our apps, we use the services of Google AdMob to display advertisements. To show you personalized advertisement Google AdMob collects personal data such as the IP address, information about your device and your Advertisement ID. Further details on the data collected by Google AdMob, the retention period and information on how to change the settings for non-personalized advertisements can be found in the Google Privacy Policy [https://policies.google.com/privacy] and here [https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites?hl=en].
2. Apple’s Advertising Identifier
We use Apple’s Advertising Identifier to show you personalized advertisement in our apps downloaded in the Apple App Store. Apple collets the following data to analyse relevant advertisement for you:
Device Information: Your keyboard language settings, device type, OS version, mobile carrier, and connection type.
Device Location to serve you geographically relevant ads. Your device location is not stored.
Searches in the App Store on iOS: When you search in the App Store on iOS, your query may be used to serve you a relevant Search Ad.
Apple News and Stocks: The type of article you read is used to select appropriate ads.
You can find more information on Apple’s Privacy Policy and on how to change the settings regarding personalized advertisement here [https://support.apple.com/en-il/HT205223].
§ 6 Third Party Transfers
The personal data that we process stays within the EU and the European Economic Area (EEA). As our ad partners are located in countries outside the EU and the EEA, your personal data may be transferred to these countries. To ensure a data protection standard compliant with the GDPR we rely on EU model clauses with our ad partners and/or Privacy Shield certification of our ad partners.
Otherwise we only share your personal information with third parties, if:
you have given your express consent pursuant to Art. 6 (1) sentence 1 lit. a GDPR,
it is legally permissible and necessary for the fulfilment of a contractual relationship with you pursuant to Art. 6 (1) sentence 1 lit. b GDPR,
there is a legal obligation to pass on the data in accordance with Art. 6 (1) sentence 1 lit. c GDPR,
the disclosure pursuant to Art. 6 (1) sentence 1 lit. f GDPR is necessary to assert, exercise or defend legal claims and there is no reason to assume that you have an overriding interest worthy of protection in not disclosing your data.
§ 7 Your Rights as a Data Subject
If your personal data are processed, you are a data subject within the meaning of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and the following rights apply to you:
Pursuant to Art. 15 GDPR you can request information about your personal data processed by us.
In particular, you may obtain information about the purposes of processing, the categories of personal data, the categories of recipients to whom your data have been or will be disclosed, the planned storage period, the existence of a right to correction, deletion, restriction of processing or objection, the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, the origin of your data, if not collected from us, about transfer to third countries or international organisations, and the existence of automated decision-making, including profiling and, where applicable, meaningful information about the logic involved.
Pursuant to Art. 16 GDPR you can immediately demand the correction of incorrect data or the completion of your personal data stored with us.
Pursuant to Art. 17 GDPR, you may request the deletion of your personal data stored by us, provided that the processing is not necessary to exercise the right to freedom of expression and information, to fulfil a legal obligation, for reasons of public interest or to assert, exercise or defend legal claims.
Pursuant to Art. 18 GDPR, you can request the restriction of the processing of your personal data if you contest the accuracy of the data, if the processing is unlawful, if we no longer need the data and if you refuse their deletion because you need to establish, exercise or defend legal claims. You are also entitled to the right under Art. 18 GDPR if you have objected to the processing in accordance with Art. 21 GDPR.
Pursuant to Art. 20 GDPR, you may request that the personal data you have provided us with be received in a structured, current and machine-readable format or you may request that it be transmitted to another person responsible.
Pursuant to Art. 7 para. 3 GDPR you can withdraw your consent at any time. As a consequence, we are no longer allowed to continue the data processing based on this consent for the future.
Pursuant to Art. 77 GDPR, you have the right to complain to a supervisory authority. You can contact the supervisory authority of your habitual residence, place of work or our company headquarters.
§ 8 Right to Object
In case the processing of your personal data is based on legitimate interest in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f GDPR, you have the right to object to the processing of your personal data in accordance with Art. 21 GDPR insofar as there are reasons which arise from your particular situation or if the objection refers to direct marketing. In the case of direct marketing, you have a general right to objection which will be considered without mentioning any particular situation.
§ 9 Data Security and Security Measures
We are committed to protecting your privacy and treating your personal information confidentially. In order to avoid any manipulation, loss or misuse of your data stored by us, we take extensive technical and organizational security measures that are regularly reviewed and adapted to technological progress. This includes, among other things, the use of recognized encryption methods (SSL or TLS).
However, we would like to point out that due to the structure of the internet, it is possible that the rules of data protection and the above mentioned security measures may not be observed by other persons or institutions for which we are not responsible.
In particular, unencrypted data - e.g. if this is done by e-mail - can be read by third parties. We have no technical influence on this. It is the responsibility of the user to protect the data provided by him against misuse by encryption or in any other way.