Your privacy is very important to us. In this Privacy Policy we inform you about how we collect, use and store data personally related to you.
If you have any questions or concerns, please let us know support@winmail.help.
Data We May Collect and How We Use It
Payments may be processed by our payment service provider FastSpring: Bright Market, LLC dba FastSpring. 801 Garden St., Santa Barbara, CA 93101, United States
The information collected and/or process includes your name, e-mail address, IP address, billing and/or shipping address, phone number, payment account information, and other information about you submitted to verify who you are or to work to prevent fraud.
We may process and disclose Personal Data in order to comply with any legal obligation, to enforce or apply any contract with you.
Letter Opener apps
For activation of the app as a technical requirement to run the service we collect the following data:
Model and version of the device used
Device ID, name, model
License ID and type
Operating System version
App version and Bundle ID
Language used
When you submit a crash log, the crash log and any additional information you provide, is stored by our Service Partner Microsoft Inc, One Microsoft Way, Redmond, WA 98052-6399, United States.
Website
The website is stored by our Service Partner Uberspace.de, Jonas Pasche, Kaiserstr. 15, 55116 Mainz, Germany
Website - Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. In case of activation of the IP anonymization, Google will truncate/anonymize the last octet of the IP address for Member States of the European Union as well as for other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases, the full IP address is sent to and shortened by Google servers in the USA. On behalf of the website provider Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage to the website provider. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. However, please note that if you do this, you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. Furthermore you can prevent Google’s collection and use of data (cookies and IP address) by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en
.
You can refuse the use of Google Analytics by clicking on the following link. An opt-out cookie will be set on the computer, which prevents the future collection of your data when visiting this website:
Disable Google Analytics
Further information concerning the terms and conditions of use and data privacy can be found at
http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/
or at
https://www.google.de/intl/en/policies/
. Please note that on this website, Google Analytics code is supplemented by “anonymizeIp” to ensure an anonymized collection of IP addresses (so called IP-masking).
Email
Our emails are delivered to and stored by our Service Partner Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California, United States.
Email - Support
For providing proper support we use Manuscript, 401, Congress Avenue Suite 2650, Austin, Texas, United States as our Service Partner.
Email - Newsletter
Our newsletter delivery provider is Amazon Web Services, Inc., 410 Terry Avenue North, Seattle, WA 98109-5210, United States.
List of Service partners
Every service partner we engage with is either located in the EEA or participates in the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield.
Uberspace.de
https://uberspace.de/privacy
FastSpring
https://fastspring.com/privacy
Manuscript
https://www.manuscript.com/privacy
Google
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Microsoft
https://privacy.microsoft.com/privacystatement
Amazon Web Services
https://aws.amazon.com/privacy
Right to Information
You have the right to access, rectification, erasure, restriction, data portability and to object. Contact us about this.
Regulatory authority
Austrian Data Protection Authority (DPA) Wickenburggasse 8, 1080 Wien, Austria.
Policy changes
We may update this privacy policy from time to time. All changes will be published on this site.
Last updated: Sep 26, 2018