Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy applies to the apps “Sight Words and Spelling Games”, “Bubble Ball”, and “Bubble Ball Pro” by Nay Games LLC, and the website www.naygames.com.
Information Collection and Use:
We at Nay Games LLC respect your privacy and are committed to protect it. We do not require users to provide personal information to use or access our site or apps. The only time personal information is required on our site is on our contact page. We may use this information to contact you regarding your inquiry. We do not share this information with third parties.
In our mobile apps, absolutely no personal information is collected.
When submitting levels that you create in the online Bubble Ball Level Creator, a public display name is required. This name does not need to be your real name (or any derivation of your real name). Submitted display names are screened, and inappropriate display names will be modified or removed. If you have submitted a display name that you would like removed for privacy reasons, please contact us and we will remove it.
When submitting levels that you create in the online Bubble Ball Level Creator, you may optionally provide an email address. If you choose to provide an email addres, it will not be made public or shared with a third party. It will only be used to contact you about your level, including to notify you that your level has been approved, or that changes are necessary before your level can be approved. Users under the age of 13 should not provide an email address.
Cookies:
We use cookies on our website only to determine the number of unique users. We do not collect personal information through cookies.
Access Log and IP address:
Our website has an access and error log to record site activity and analyze problems. The log contains the user’s IP address which is kept private.
Social Media:
In the “Sight Words and Spelling Games” app as well as in “Bubble Ball (Pro)”, we do not offer social networking (commercial or otherwise) or “chat room” access of any kind.
Advertising:
We have no external advertisements in Nay Games LLC apps or websites.
Disclosure of Information:
Nay Games LLC may disclose user information if required in response to judicial process, or to law enforcement agencies or in connection with an investigation on a matter related to public safety.
Updates:
This Privacy Policy may be amended at any time.