Tap Tap Entertainment LLC Privacy Policy
Tap Tap Entertainment, LLC Privacy Policy
Last Updated: November 20, 2023
The following privacy notice (hereinafter referred to as the "Privacy Policy") applies to any sites and mobile applications owned by Tap Tap Entertainment, LLC (hereinafter referred to as "TTE"), including but not limited to this website and any subdomains operated at taptapentertainment.com or ihaveameme.app, any mobile applications available for devices running iOS or Android or other mobile operating systems, any mobile devices running web apps hosted at taptapentertainment.com or ihaveameme.app, and any products or services available from the websites and mobile applications (collectively referred to herein as the "Website" or “Websites”). We may change or update this policy from time to time, and we will notify you of any changes by changing the “last updated” notice set forth above. Accordingly, you should frequently visit this web page. Any updated policy shall be effective immediately after it is posted.
This Privacy Policy also includes statements relative to the California Privacy Rights for users who are located in California. It also contains statements relative to residents of other countries, states, and regions that have specific rules and regulations as they relate to privacy.
There are certain things that you should be aware of when using the Websites. First, the Websites are publicly accessible and searchable to visitors globally, which means that anything that you post to the Websites may be viewable by third parties. Second, since things you post to the Websites are tied to your user account, your postings may not be anonymous. We recommend that you use the Websites under a pseudonym if you prefer to protect your identity while using the Websites.
When you use the Websites, even if you are just browsing or using a pseudonym, we may collect some basic data from you such as the type of mobile device that you are using, including but not limited to your geographical location and your IP address. If you choose to create a user account, you can choose to share additional data with us, which is outlined below. You can also limit the data that we collect from you and how we use it.
We also use your interactions with the Websites to show you more relevant content and to better understand how you interact with the Websites so that we can improve upon it. For example, we may ask for your age to match you against users of a similar age to you. We may also use your posts, comments, likes, shares, and mobile application activity to determine what kind of content you are interested in and to provide you with more of it and to improve upon our services and the Websites.
If you have any questions about the Privacy Policy, how we collect data from you, how we use your data, or how you can control your privacy settings, you can contact us at info at taptapentertainment dot com
Personal Data
1. Activity.
We may ask for some personal data. Personal data includes any information that is related to an identified or identifiable natural person (hereinafter referred to as a “data subject”); an identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirect, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person or a device (hereinafter referred to as "Personal Data". Personal Data we collect includes but is not limited to your e-mail address, profile picture, and other items for certain activities on the Websites.
Additionally, for purposes of the Privacy Policy, “Sensitive Personal Data” means personal data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs; trade-union membership; genetic data, biometric data processed solely to identify a human being; health-related data; or data concerning a person’s sex life or sexual orientation.
2. Personal Data You Share With Us
We may collect Personal Data from you when you voluntarily share it with us. This may include the following Personal Data:
- Sensitive Personal Data - We may use your Sensitive Personal Data, such as the contents of your messages, comments, or text messages, to communicate with you, to connect you with other users, to respond to law enforcement requests, or to provide you with content or gaming opportunities that is relevant to you or your geographic location.
- Account Data - You may be required to create an account to use the Websites. When you create an account, you may be required to provide us with Personal Data so that we can provide you with the services that you have requested. This may include your username, email address, phone number, age, gender, profile picture, contacts (when you invite friends from third party applications, such as Facebook or your mobile phone’s contacts application), and contact list.
- User Generated Content - When you upload or submit content to the Websites (hereinafter referred to as “User Generated Content”), we may use and publish your User Generated Content to provide you and third parties a better experience with the Websites, to keep records of your communications or uploaded User Generated Content on the Websites, to tailor content to your preferences, and for purposes of legal claims.
- Public Data - Given the nature of the Internet, most of the information on the the Websites is public. We may use this public data to provide you with the services requested, to provide you with more relevant content, to tailor content to your preferences, to keep records of communications on our service, and for purposes of legal claims.
- Private Communication Data - We may use your contact data, such as any data that you voluntarily provide to us like your phone number, email address, social media account handles, contacts, or contacts list, to authenticate your account, to communicate with you, to connect you with friends or other users, to invite your friends to the Websites, to respond to communications sent to you by us, to keep records of our communications, or to pursue or defend against legal claims. We may store and process your private communications and data related to them to scan for malicious content, to detect spam or prohibited content, to review content for violations of our terms of service and use agreement, or to respond to legal process or law enforcement inquiries.
3. Additional Personal Data We Receive From You
We may also collect Personal Data from you automatically when you use the the Websites. This may include the following Personal Data:
- Location Data - We may collect data about your location by collecting and processing your IP address and device settings. We may use this data for advertisement purposes, to provide location-based services, tailor our services to your geographic location, respond to law enforcement requests, or to provide you with content or gaming opportunities that are relevant to your geographic location.
- Usage and Interaction Data - We may collect usage and interaction data from you when you use the Websites, such as recordings or logs of how you interact with the Websites. We may use this data to better tailor our services or to understand how we can improve our graphical user interfaces, which may include, among other things, our remote configuration of the user interface of our mobile application to improve its functionality.
- Marketing Data - As a predominantly free service, we rely on advertisements to generate revenue to fund the Websites. We may collect your IP address, your application bundle ID, your advertising or creative ID, your username on the Websites, your device IDs, your geographical location, your phone numbers, pages visited, referring web pages, mobile phone model, search terms, cookie data, Google Advertising IDs, and Apple Advertising IDs, among other things. We may use your data to provide advertisements to you, to determine the relevance of advertisements, to measure the effectiveness of advertisements, to detect fraudulent advertisements or impressions, and to help make those advertisements more relevant to your preferences. When providing you with advertisements, we may transmit your personal data off of your device to third party advertisers so that they may serve relevant advertisements to you.
- Technical Data - We may collect technical data about your use of the Websites, such as your IP address, your device IDs, your IP address, the mobile application’s bundle ID, the ad or creative ID, your username on the Websites, your phone number, pages visited, referring web page, your mobile phone model, mobile carrier, search terms, cookie data, your operating system, your geolocation, and your time zone. We may use this data to analyze your use of the Websites, to detect ad fraud or fraudulent impressions, to administer and secure our services, to determine how we should allocate resources to the Websites, and to understand the technical load on our servers.
Cookies; IP logs
We use cookies (or similar tracking technologies), clear gifs, and log file information to: (a) store information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the Websites; (b) provide custom, personalized content and information; (c) monitor the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns; (d) monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors, pages viewed, etc.; (e) serve you advertisements; (f) collect Personal Data; and (g) track your entries, submissions, and status in promotions, sweepstakes, and contests.
Additionally, we may use session or persistent cookies. Session cookies are only stored on your computer or mobile device during your use of the Websites and are automatically deleted when you close end your session. Persistent cookies are stored as a file on your device that remain on your computer or mobile device even after you end your session. Persistent cookies can be read by the website that created the cookie when you revisit it again. We may use persistent cookies when we utilize Google Analytics or other analytics providers, which are intended to track the origin and behavior of traffic to the Websites. We may also, from time to time, receive Personal Data from third parties, including analytics providers or advertising networks. We use Firebase (Google) as our analytics partner, and you are directed to review their policies at:
https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy
and
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
Marketing Communications
We may send you marketing communications from time to time if you have chosen to receive them. You may opt out of receiving such communications by simply following the instructions contained within the marketing communications.
Disclosure Policies
We may use, share or sell your Personal Data in certain circumstances, including but not limited to:
- Compliance with Laws - We may disclose information we collect (including personally identifiable Information) when we believe it is required to comply with the law, such as in response to a subpoena or court order or governmental regulations. We may provide you with advance notice at our discretion; however, nothing in this policy entitles you to such notice.
- We may also share or sell your Personal Data with certain third parties to aid us in operating the Websites. For example, we may share your Personal Data with third parties, such as analytics providers, to utilize their software tools and measure the effectiveness of our advertisements. We may also share or sell your Personal Data, such as device IDs, with third party advertisers to help them determine whether they should serve an ad to you. The Personal Data that we share with or sell to these third parties does not include your email address, name, phone number, or username, but it may include your geographical location.
- We may disclose information we collect in order to prevent damage to our property (tangible and intangible) or other similar property, for safety reasons, or in the course of collecting amounts owed to us.
- Business Transfers - We may use your information in the context of a merger, acquisition, business reorganization, debt financing or sale of company assets, or in the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy or receivership. In these transactions, the information which we collect may be freely transferred to third parties as one of our business assets (i.e., we do not have any obligation to notify you of any such transfer) and this Privacy Policy will continue to apply to your Personal Data when transferred to the new entity.
- We may also share your Personal Data with our accountants, auditors, insurers, or attorneys where doing so is necessary to protect the interests of TTE, its employees or contractors, or to comply with any law or regulation.
- Business Transactions. We may share your information to our partners, contractors, and service providers as necessary to provide services to you or to otherwise improve our services.
- We may use or share your information to help process payments and facilitate deliveries.
- We may use or share your information to provide support for your use of the Websites and answer your inquiries.
- We may use or share your information to create, maintain, customize, and secure your account with us.
- We may use or share your information for testing, research, analysis, and product development, including to develop and improve our Websites, products, and services.
- We may use or share your information to personalize your experience on the Websites and to deliver content and product and service offerings relevant to your interests, including targeted offers and ads through our Websites, third-party sites, and via email or text message (with your consent, where required by law).
- We may use or share your information to create, maintain, customize, and secure your account with us.
- We may use or share your information to help maintain the safety, security, and integrity of our Websites, products and services, databases and other technology assets, and business.
- We may use or share your information as described herein when collecting your Personal Information or as otherwise set forth in the CCPA.
Third Party Links
Our services may include links to third party websites and applications. By clicking on third party links, you may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party links and you are advised their respective privacy policies.
Responding to Do Not Track Signals
You can also generally opt-out of receiving personalized ads from third party advertisers and ad networks who are members of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) or who follow the Digital Advertising Alliance’s Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising by visiting the opt-out pages on the NAI website and DAA website. The Websites are not currently set up to respond to browser do-not-track signals, but you can configure your browser settings to reject all cookies or prompt you before a cookie is set.
Children Policy
The Websites are not directed to, or open to, children under the age of eighteen (18). In using our services, you warrant that you are at least eighteen (18) years old. If you are younger than 18, please do not use the Websites and please do not provide personal data to us.
Global Operations
You understand and agree that we may store and process your data on computers located outside of the territory that you reside in, including, but not limited to, in the United States and European Union. By using the Websites, you agree to the collection and processing of your data outside of your territory.
As a global company, our users are located all over the world. Depending on your market, there are specific laws and regulations around privacy rights such as the GDPR in Europe, LGPD in Brazil and CCPA in United States. The below rights may be appliable in your market.
No matter where you are located, if you have registered an account with us, we provide you with account settings that let you modify, correct, or delete the Personal Data that you have provided to us that is associated with your account. No matter where you are located, to stop our collection and use of your personal data, subject to certain exceptions provided by law, you need only to delete your account.
If you have not registered an account with us, we only collect technical data from you. To stop our collection and use of your technical data, you need only cease using the Websites and uninstall any applications we offer.
No matter where you are located, we may transfer your Personal Data to countries outside of your locale, which may not offer the same level of protection as in your country. Many of our third-party service providers are located within the United States and their processing of Personal Data will involve an international transfer to other countries, too. We do our best to ensure a similar degree of security by transferring your Personal Data outside the your terroritories, complying with the requirements of laws or rights under the GDPR in Europe, LGPD in Brazil and CCPA in United States, among others.
We put data security measures into place to protect your Personal Data. We allow access to your Personal Data only by employees, contractors and service providers who have a need to know or access your Personal Data based on our instructions. We will notify you and any regulatory body of any breach of your Personal Data or our security measures if and when we are legally required to do so, assuming we identify such breach.
We will only retain your Personal Data or Sensitive Personal Data for so long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it is collected under this Privacy Policy or for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
The following language related to specific locations do not supplant anything contained above or anywhere else in the Privacy Policy. The following language related to specific locations is "in addition to" the language contained elsewhere.
Personal Data Subject’s Rights for Brazilian Citizens
Article 18 of the LGPD provides the following rights:
1. to confirm that their personal data is being processed
2. to access their personal data
3. to correct incomplete, incorrect or out-of-date personal data to have anonymized, blocked, or deleted any unnecessary, excessive, or non-compliant personal data
4. to request that a data controller move their personal data to another service or product provider (data portability)
5. to delete their personal data (with exceptions as outlined in Article 16)
6. to be given information on public or private entities with whom, and how their personal data has been shared
7. to be given information about their rights to not give consent
8. to process their personal data, and consequences of refusal
9. to revoke consent to process their personal data
To submit a request, please email us at info at taptapentertainment dot com. You may designate an authorized agent to submit requests on your behalf. For an authorized agent to be considered verified, you must provide the authorized agent with a signed, written affidavit to make such requests or a power of attorney. We may follow up with you to verify your identity before processing an agent’s request. To confirm your request, we may need to request specific information from you as a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to an unauthorized third party. We will attempt to respond to all legitimate requests within thirty (30) days.
Please note that while we will carefully assess every request we receive, your rights and the time period for actioning a right may differ according to your place of residence and we may not always have to comply. When this happens, we will explain why.
We will apply our best efforts to briefly respond you in accordance with the deadlines established by LGPD. To confirm your request, we may need to request specific information from you as a security measure to ensure that Personal Data is not disclosed to an unauthorized third party.
You do not need to pay a fee to exercise these rights. However, we reserve the right to charge a reasonable fee if your request is unreasonable or excessive.
E.U. Residents
If you are a European resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. To view the full list of rights under the GDPR, please visit
https://gdpr.eu/
If you would like to exercise these rights, please email us at info at taptapentertainment dot com. You do not need to pay a fee to exercise these rights. However, we reserve the right to charge a reasonable fee if your request is unreasonable or excessive.
Additionally, if you are a European resident, we note that we are processing your information in order to fulfill contracts we might have with you, or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above. We may ask for your consent to use your information for specific purposes. If we do, we’ll make sure you can revoke your consent in our services or through your device permissions at any time. Even if we’re not relying on consent to use your information, we may ask you for permission to access data such as your location. We may use your personal information when we are required to comply with the law, such as when we respond to a valid legal process or need to take action to protect our users, contractors, employees or partners. Additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside of Europe, including to Canada and the United States and possibly other countries.
Colorado, Connecticut and Virginia Privacy Rights
Residents of Colorado, Connecticut, and Virginia have a right to request that we disclose what Personal Data or Sensitive Personal Data we collect from you and whether, and how, we disclose, share, or sell that Personal Data or Sensitive Personal Data. Residents of Colorado, Connecticut and Virginia may also request that we correct or delete any Personal Data or Sensitive Personal Data collected or maintained by us from you.
California Privacy Rights
This California Privacy Notice (hereinafter referred to as the “California Notice”) supplements and is expressly incorporated into this Privacy Policy. The California Notice applies exlusively to residents of the State of California (hereinafter referred to as “California Users”). We adopt this California Notice to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (hereinafter referred to as the "CCPA"). Any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this California Notice.
1. Information We Collect
We collect Personal Information as contained above and herein. In particular, we have collected and continue to collect the following categories of Personal Information from users within the last twelve (12) months:
A. Indentifiers - YES, we collect
B. Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)). - YES, we collect
C. Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law. - NO, we do not collect
D. Commercial Information - YES, we collect
E. Biometric Information - NO, we do not collect
F. Internet or other similar network activity - YES, we collect
G. Geolocation data	- YES, we collect
H. Sensory data - NO, we do not collect
I. Professional or employment-related information. - NO, we do not collect
J. Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)). - NO, we do not collect
K. Inferences drawn from personal information. - YES, we collect
We collect the above Personal Information as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it is collected under this Privacy Policy or for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
Personal information does not include:
1. Publicly available information from government records.
2. Deidentified or aggregated consumer information.
3. Information excluded from the CCPA’s scope, like:
- Health or medical information covered by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) and the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act (CMIA) or clinical trial data
- Personal information covered by certain sector-specific privacy laws, including the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FRCA), the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) or California Financial Information Privacy Act (FIPA), and the Driver’s Privacy Protection Act of 1994.
We obtain the categories of Personal Information listed above from the following sources:
1. From third-party business partners such as social media sites, ad networks, and analytics providers, as described herein
2. Directly from you, such as data you have submitted while using the Websites
3. Indirectly from you, such as data obtained from observing your actions on the Websites.
Use Of Personal Information
We may use, disclose or share the Personal Information we collect for one or more of the purposes outlined in the "Disclosures Policies" section above or elsewhere in this Privacy Policy.
We will not collect additional categories of Personal Information or use the Personal Information we collect for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice.
Disclosures of Personal Information for a Business Purpose and Sales
In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have disclosed the following categories of Personal Information for a business purpose:
1. Identifiers.
2. California Users personal information categories.
3. Commercial information.
4. Internet or other similar network activity.
5. Geolocation data.
6. Inferences drawn from us.
The CCPA considers many common transfers of Personal Information, such as the sharing of your IP address with certain analytics or advertising providers, to be a “sale.” In this sense, during the preceding twelve (12) months, we have sold the following categories of Personal Information to data analytics providers and advertising networks:
1. Identifiers.
2. California Customer Records personal information categories.
3. Internet or other similar network activity.
4. Geolocation data.
Your California Privacy Rights
California Users have a right to request that we disclose what Personal Data or Sensitive Personal Data we collect from you and whether, and how, we disclose, share, or sell that Personal Data or Sensitive Personal Data. California residents may also request that we correct or delete any Personal Data or Sensitive Personal Data collected or maintained by us from you.
California Users may also have the right to opt out of the sharing or sale of their Personal Data or Sensitive Personal Data upon request. We will only retain your Personal Data or Sensitive Personal Data for so long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it is collected under this Privacy Policy or for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
California Users may opt out of having their Sensitive Personal Data used or disclosed for advertising or marketing. Sensitive Personal Data includes your precise geolocation and the contents of mail, email or text messages, unless the business is the intended recipient.
California Users may opt out of the sharing or sale of their Personal Data by clicking a link or icon associated with an advertisement. Specifically, this link or icon may state “Do Not Sell My Personal Information,” “Do Not Share My Personal Information,” “Do Not Share My Info,” or “Do Not Sell My Info.” By selecting this link or icon, you “Opt Out,” which means that you have opted out of the sharing or sale of your Personal Data as set forth in the CCPA. However, even though you may have opted out, you may still see interest-based advertisements. To learn more about interest-based advertising across websites and additional opt-out choices, you can visit
http://optout.aboutads.info
. If you opt-out of the sharing or sale of your Personal Data but do not opt out of interest-based advertising more generally, you may still receive ads tailored to your interests based on Personal Data that was not shared or sold by us, Personal Data that was shared or sold to downstream participants at least 90 days before you opted out, or Personal Data that was shared or sold by other sources from which you have not opted out.
To submit a request for a list of the categories of personal information collected from you or to request that we correct or delete your Personal Data or Sensitive Personal Data, please email us at info at taptapentertainment dot com or send a letter to our US-based legal counsel at the following address:
Tap Tap Entertainment LLC Legal
2291 SE 9th St
Pompano Beach, FL 33062
You may designate an authorized agent to submit requests on your behalf. For an authorized agent to be considered verified, you must provide the authorized agent with signed, written affidavit to make such requests or a power of attorney. We may follow up with you to verify your identity before processing an agent’s request. To confirm your request, we may need to request specific information from you as a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to an unauthorized third party. We will attempt to respond to all legitimate requests within thirty (30) days. California Users have a right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for their exercise of these rights conferred under California law.
You do not need to pay a fee to exercise these rights. However, we reserve the right to charge a reasonable fee if your request is unreasonable or excessive.
Contact Information
If you have any questions or suggestions regarding our Privacy Policy, or if your Personal Data is not accurate or complete, please contact us at: info at taptapentertainment dot com