Return to the
About Us
Page
Privacy Policy & Terms of Use
Mobile Montessori is child friendly.
Our apps are designed with young children in mind, restricting access to any in-app purchases or outside links. None of our apps contain advertising from other vendors and
our apps do not collect, use or share personal information for the purpose of advertising.
Feel free to contact us with your questions.
Privacy Policy
This website is operated by Rantek Inc., (as represented by a division of Rantek, namely,  "Mobile Montessori,"). This Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy” or “Policy”) explains what information we collect about visitors and subscribers to this website and purchases or users of our mobile apps and services (together referred to as "Users" or "You") and how we use this information. This Privacy Policy does not cover collection or use of information by third parties or linked sites, which Rantek does not control, own or manage.
We design and operate our software and services with our Users’ protection and privacy in mind. This Privacy Policy outlines the types of information we gather when Users access this website, our mobile apps, technology and services, as well as some of the steps we take to safeguard it against unauthorized use.
For purposes of this Policy, "Personally Identifying Information" shall hereby mean information which is identifiable to You, including, e-mail, name and address; "Anonymous Information" shall hereby mean information which does not enable identification of an individual user.  Additionally, Anonymous Information means “aggregate” and “de-personalized” information, which is data Rantek collects about the use of Rantek's services and products, from which any personally identifiable data has been removed.
Data Collection
Rantek does not routinely collect Personally Identifying Information from Users.
Data may be collected for the purpose of authenticating a subscription only, without saving any personal identification information.
Rantek does not knowingly collect or maintain Personally Identifying Information from any person under the age of 18 ("Minors"). Minors may not use this website without parental consent. If we learn that any personal information about any Minor has been collected without parental consent, then we will take reasonable steps to delete any such information.
A note to kids under 18: Please get permission from your parents/legal guardians before using the Mobile Montessori website or products or sending any e-mail to us or to anyone on the Internet.
A note to educators: Please get permission from the minors’ parents/legal guardians before allowing minors to use the Mobile Montessori website or products or to send any e-mail to us or to anyone on the Internet.
Mobile Montessori apps do not collect any personal user information.
Rantek may use the collected information about Your browser, operating system or other technical details of Your website usage (not from apps) to improve Your experience with our services. Rantek may further use the collected Anonymous Information (non-identifying information) about usage patterns, time of usage and form of usage, to improve the experience and to be able to improve Rantek's offering of our services to users.
Rantek reserves the right to use and disclose, in its sole discretion, Anonymous Information about Visitors and Users to third parties, including advertisers and partners, in order to target advertisement and information presented to You. Anonymous Information disclosure in this regard may also include selective disclosure of search terms and socio-demographic information, as long as it does not explicitly reveal Personally Identifying Information.
Rantek may use tools or third party analytical software to automatically collect and use certain Anonymous Information that does not directly enable Rantek to identify you. The types of non-personal data Rantek may collect and use include, but are not limited to: (i) device properties, including, but not limited to IP address, Media Access Control (“MAC”) address and unique device identifier or other device identifier (“UDID”); (ii) device software platform and firmware; (iii) mobile phone carrier; (iv) geographical data such as zip code, area code and coarse location; (v) app progress, score and achievements; (vi) other non-personal data or Anonymous Information as reasonably required by Rantek to enhance any and all Rantek products and services.
Rantek uses several analytics tools in order to develop and analyze use of its products and services, such as Google Analytics.  Rantek shall not be limited to Google Analytics as its only analytic tool.
You recognize and agree that the analytics companies utilized by Rantek may combine the information collected with other information they have independently collected from other services or products relating to your activities. These companies collect and use information under their own privacy policies.
Ad Serving Technology
Rantek reserves the right to use and disclose the collected Anonymous Information for purposes of advertisement by Rantek or Rantek’s partners and contractors. Rantek may employ third party ad serving technologies that use certain methods to collect information as a result of ad serving through Rantek’s products and services. Rantek or third parties operating the ad serving technology may use demographic and location information as well as information logged from your hardware or device to ensure that appropriate advertising is presented within the products and services. Rantek or third parties may collect and use data for this purpose including, but not limited to IP address (including for purposes of determining your coarse location), UDID, MAC, software, applications, hardware, browser information, internet and on-line usage information and in-app information. The foregoing data may be used and disclosed in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the privacy policy of the company providing the ad serving technology.
You recognize and agree that the advertising companies, such as Facebook, Google, etc., who deliver ads for Rantek may combine the information collected with other information they have independently collected from other services or products. These companies collect and use information under their own privacy policies. These ad serving technologies may be integrated into Rantek’s products and services; if you do not want to be subject to this technology, do not use or access Rantek’s products and services. Rantek does not have access to or control of third party technologies.
Location Data
To the extent Rantek makes location enabled products or services available and you use such products or services, Rantek may collect and process your location data to provide location related products, services, and/or advertisements. For example, some add-ons or offers may be available at dedicated locations. Rantek  may use various technologies to determine location, such as IP address. Rantek does not access your GPS location. Please note that Rantek may share your anonymous coarse location with its partners.
Use of Metadata
Rantek may use the metadata, including, but not limited to, tags, search history, links, comments, posts and clickstrems, which is created in the process of using our services to enrich User's experiences and provide Users and affiliates with useful information, in accordance with this Policy. Rantek may use this collected information for targeted advertisement services and contextualized placement of advertisement or sponsored content. However, search history information may be shared with third parties only in its anonymous form (i.e. the Anonymous Information) and without disclosing any Personally Identifying Information which is associated with or related to this information.
Legally Required Disclosure
s
We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information if we are required to do so by law or if we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process. We also maintain the rights to transfer your information in case of a corporate restructuring (such as a merger or acquisition) as long as the receiving entity adopts this or stricter privacy policy that applies to your information.
Disclaimer Regarding Linked Sites
While using the Mobile Montessori Websites or mobile apps, You may be linked from or to third parties sites. Rantek is not responsible for information, content, terms of use of privacy policy at these sites. Rantek takes careful notice in choosing its business partners and affiliates and aims to associate only with reliable partners which are committed to users privacy. However, remember that when You use a link to go from the website to another website, Rantek’s Privacy Policy is no longer in place. By Your browsing and interacting on any other website, including websites which have a link on the website, You are subject to that website's own rules and policies. Please read those rules and policies carefully before proceeding.
Legal Jurisdiction
This website is hosted in the State of Michigan in the United States of America and is subject to Michigan and U.S. federal law. Our office is located in the State of Michigan. If you are accessing this website from other jurisdictions, please be advised that you are transferring your personal information to us in Michigan, and by using any of this website, you consent to that transfer and to abide by the applicable laws of the State of Michigan and applicable U.S. federal law concerning your use of the websites and your agreements with us. Anyone accessing this website from any jurisdiction with laws or regulations governing the use of the Internet, including personal data collection, use and disclosure different from those of the jurisdictions mentioned above may only use the websites in a manner lawful in their jurisdiction. If your use of this website would be unlawful in your jurisdiction, please do not use this website.
Changes to This Policy
We reserve the right to amend this Privacy Policy at any time. Any revised terms will be posted on the Mobile Montessori website. Your continued use of the Mobile Montessori Websites and/or the content or products offered by Rantek indicates Your acceptance of any revised terms. If You do not agree to the revised policy, please refrain from using the content, products, and/or the Rantek Websites.
Contact Us about Privacy
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, or our software or website practices, please contact us at info@mobilemontessori.org.
Terms of Use
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR THE USE AND SALE OF rantek inc.  SERVICES EFFECTIVE ON December 23, 2022
PREAMBLE
The Company Rantek Inc. (hereinafter "Rantek Inc.") wishes to offer Users access to and use of its Website, Subdomain, and Educational Applications and their Contents according to the conditions below.
DEFINITIONS:
The following words and expressions beginning with a capital letter, in the singular or the plural, are used in these General Conditions. They have the following meanings:
"Rantek Inc."
: Refers to the Company whose legal information appears in the article 3.1
"Site"
: The website www.mobilemontessori.org, which is published by Rantek Inc.
"Applications"
: Rantek Inc. smartphone and tablet applications which are accessible to Users on Android and Apple iOS Mobile Operating Systems and allow access to Content following these Terms and Conditions.
"Service"
: The Content whose terms of access are described in the TOS and governed by the GCS with regard to paid Content.
"Contents"
: Free or paid educational games that are accessible from an Application after download or from the Subdomain.
"Montessori Ultimate Geography," “Montessori Math,” “Montessori Science.” and “Montessori Classroom”
: Service subject to a Subscription.
"Subscription"
: The Montessori Math, Montessori Ultimate Geography, Montessori Science, and Montessori Classroom Services whose access terms are subject to a paid subscription.
"Mobile Montessori Account"
: refers to a User’s individual account, which is universal to all their Terminals and all Rantek Inc. Services. It allows Users to access their personal information from the Site and create profiles for their children to track progress on each application’s dashboard.
"Account"
: means the individual account opened by a User with Apple, Google or Amazon, allowing them to access the services of a Store and use Secure Payment Solutions.
"Secure Payment Solution"
: Set of payment tools made available on the Applications via the payment service of the Mobile Operating System on which the Terminal works (Apple iOS or Android). It allows the User to pay for the Contents in accordance with the terms and conditions of said platforms.
"Stores"
: The App Store for iOS or Google Play and Amazon Appstore for Android. Application Stores where Users can download Apps and purchase Services by logging in to their Account.
"Mobile operating system"
: Operating system for smartphones or tablets published by Apple Companies (Apple iOS) or Google (Android).
"Terminal"
: Computer, smartphone or tablet on which the User installs and uses an Application.
"User"
: Any natural person navigating the Site, the Subdomain or using an Application.
"Terms of Service" (hereinafter "TOS")
: Establish the conditions of access and use of the Site, Subdomain and Applications.
"General Conditions of Sale" (hereinafter "GCS")
: Determine the conditions applicable to the paid Content.
"General Terms and Conditions"
: Designate the TOS (Section 1), GCS (Section 2) and the stipulations common to the T & Cs (Section 3).
PURPOSE AND SCOPE
The purpose of these General Terms and Conditions is to define the conditions under which Rantek Inc. puts its Site and Applications at Users' disposal as well as the reciprocal rights and obligations of each party within the framework of the use of a Service, the purchase of a Service or the Subscription to a paid Service.
Any navigation on the Site or access to an Application is subject to compliance with these Terms and implies the User’s full and unreserved acceptance of these Terms.
Accordingly, the User accepts, without reservation, these Terms in their entirety before using the Site, or an Application.
The simple act of navigating the Site, an Application or the use of the Service before even ordering paid Content automatically implies the User’s acceptance of these Terms.
The User agrees to read the GCS before placing an order. The act of placing an order implies the User’s immediate, complete and unreserved acceptance of the GCS.
These General Conditions are available at any time on the Site and in the "Settings" page of the Applications.
SECTION 1: TOS
ARTICLE 1.1 - DESCRIPTION OF SERVICES
Rantek Inc provides Services with the objective of offering autonomy to the child who uses the Content.
All Contents are educational games inspired by Montessori pedagogy.
The Services may be available in multiple languages ​​and may contain tutorials and oral instructions that guide non-readers.
All the Services offered by Rantek Inc. are presented on the Site.
The User can take note of all the Applications produced by Rantek Inc. and may download them from a Store under the conditions provided by the GCS, from the Site.
The User is required to supervise a minor child who uses the Services.
ARTICLE 1.2 - ACCESS TO SERVICES
1.2.1 Access to Application Content
The User must download an Application to their Terminal to access its Content.
Downloading an Application may be free or paid and may also include in-app purchases to access all Content. When Content is paid, the User must comply with the conditions provided by the GCS.
When the User accesses free Content, some features will not be accessible.
1.2.2 Access to Montessori Ultimate Geography, MONTESSORI MATH, MONTESSORI SCIENCE, AND MONTESSORI CLASSROOM Content
Access to Montessori Ultimate Geography, Montessori Math, Montessori Science, and Montessori Classroom Content requires a paid Subscription under the conditions provided in the GCS. They are accessible from the individual applications, which must be installed on a Terminal.
New Content is added to Montessori Ultimate Geography, Montessori Math, Montessori Science, and Montessori Classroom on a regular basis.
Rantek Inc. may offer the User free access to a portion of the Montessori Ultimate Geography, Montessori Math, Montessori Science, and Montessori Classroom Content from the Application without opening an Account and without a Subscription.
Rantek Inc. may also offer a Subscription to a free trial period that allows the User to access all the Montessori Ultimate Geography Content, Montessori Math, Montessori Science, and Montessori Classroom of the Applications free of charge for a fixed period of time. The Subscription will then become paid the day after the free trial period expires.
SECTION 2: GCS
CONDITIONS OF SALE ARTICLE 2.1 - PREREQUISITES TO USE A STORE’S SECURE PAYMENT SOLUTIONS
To pay to download an Application, make purchases to be integrated into an Application, or to purchase a Subscription from a Store, the User must use the Secure Payment Solution offered by the Store by logging in to their Account. To do this, the User acknowledges and agrees that they must first accept the publisher of the Secure Payment Solution’s terms and conditions and other requirements.
They can be viewed by following these links:
for the App Store:
https://www.apple.com/legal/internet-services/itunes/en/terms.html
for Google Play:
https://play.google.com/intl/en_us/about /play-terms.html
for the Amazon Appstore:
https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=201485660&_encoding=UTF8&ref_=mas_help_legacy_legal_doc_page
Should the User fail to comply with the publisher of the Secure Payment Solution’s terms and conditions, they acknowledge and agree that they can not order the Service or that the Service ordered is automatically canceled. The User will not receive any compensation for this.
ARTICLE 2.2- PRICES AND PAYMENT TERMS
The prices of the Applications are indicated in the Stores and the prices of the Subscriptions are indicated in the Stores and in the Montessori Ultimate Geography, Montessori Math, Montessori Science, and Montessori Classroom Applications. In the App Stores, the prices are indicated in the currency of the country or store from which the user is connecting.
Rantek Inc. reserves the right to change prices at any time. The prices applicable to an order are those in effect at the time that the User confirms the order.
2.2.1 Paid applications (excluding the Montessori Ultimate Geography Application)
In accordance with article 1.2.1 of the TOS, the User must download the Application on a Terminal to access its Content.
The download of the Application may be paid or free and may contain in-app purchases to access all Content. This information is specified in the Store before purchase.
The User pays for the Application and/or its Contents only via the Secure Payment Solution offered by the Store under the conditions set out in article 2.1.
2.2.2 Subscription to the Montessori Ultimate Geography Service
The User may subscribe to the Montessori Math, Montessori Math, Montessori Science, and Montessori Classroom Service from each Application.
2.2.2.1 Characteristics of the Subscription
Subscriptions last for a fixed period of time. They are renewable for the same duration, unless the User cancels the Subscription before the due date or deactivates the automatic renewal of the Subscription under the conditions in Article 2.3.
In the event that the Subscription would be accompanied by a free trial period, the User’s Subscription will become paid only the day after the expiry of the free trial period. If the User wishes to terminate the free trial period, they must terminate their Subscription 24 hours before the end of the free trial period under the conditions in article 2.3.
2.2.2.2 Subscription to the Montessori Ultimate Geography Application
The Application is free to download, and in accordance with articles 1.2.2 and 1.3.2.1 of the TOS.
To get a Subscription to the Montessori Math, Montessori Math, Montessori Science, and Montessori Classroom downloaded on a Terminal, the User must solve an equation to certify that they are of legal majority. They must then choose the duration of their Subscription from the subscription periods offered and confirm the purchase.
The User pays for the Subscription via the Secure Payment Solution offered by the Store after logging in to their Account under the conditions in Article 2.1.
The user will be charged for the first subscription period immediately after they subscribe to the Service. The User will then be charged at each renewal period through the Store’s Secure Payment Solution unless the Subscription is terminated under the conditions in Article 2.3.
ARTICLE 2.3 - TERMINATING AND MODIFYING A SUBSCRIPTION TO THE SERVICE
2.3.1 Terminating or modifying a subscription made from a store
The subscription is automatically renewed unless it is canceled from the store at least 24 hours before the end of the current subscription period.
In addition, the renewal of a subscription made from a store will be billed 24 hours before the end of the current period.
To disable the automatic renewal, terminate, or modify a Subscription the User must refer to the conditions applicable by the Store and can find the information here:
For Apple:
https://support.apple.com/en-en/ht202039
For Google:
https://support.google.com/googleplay/answer/7018481?hl=en&co=GENIE.Platform%3DAndroid
For Amazon:
https://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=201357590
The User also has the option of changing the duration of their Subscription by choosing another type of Subscription from the store.
ARTICLE 3.2 - Access to the Site and Applications
Rantek Inc. strives to provide access to the Site, and Applications 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, subject to possible breakdowns and maintenance required for their proper functioning.
Rantek Inc. reserves the right to modify, temporarily or permanently interrupt all or part of the Site or Application, at any time.
Rantek Inc. assumes no responsibility in the case of impossibility of access to the Site or to an Application.
Access to the Site and Applications implies the User’s knowledge and acceptance of the characteristics and limits of the Internet, particularly with regard to technical performance, response times, data collection, risks of interruption, and more generally, risks inherent to any connection and transmission over the Internet, the lack of protection of certain data against possible diversions and the risk of contamination by possible viruses circulating on the network.
ARTICLE 3.3 - RESPONSIBILITY
3.3.1 The User’s Responsibility
The User agrees to use the Site and Applications in strict compliance with the laws and regulations in effect.
The User agrees not to transmit any information or data that is defamatory, abusive, obscene, violent or inciting violence, sexist, political, racist or xenophobic and in general, any text that would be contrary to the laws and regulations in effect in the United States of America, basic human rights and morality.
The User accepts that they will be will be solely and exclusively responsible for the consequences should they fail to comply with all or part of the legislation and regulations in effect, or the rights of third parties.
The User is solely responsible for how they use the Site and Applications, and the consequences of this use.
3.3.2 Rantek Inc.’s Responsibility
Rantek Inc. can not be held responsible for any direct or indirect damage resulting from an interruption, a malfunction, a suspension of the Site  or any Application for any reason whatsoever, or any direct or indirect damage that would result, in any way, from a connection to the Site, an Application or how the User uses the data that they consult and/or transfer on the Internet.
The data published on the Site and Services come from sources considered reliable, however they are likely to contain typographical errors. Rantek Inc. reserves the right to correct them as soon as it becomes aware of them.
The User is therefore solely responsible for how they use the data published on the Site and Services.
It is the responsibility of the User to take all appropriate measures to protect the data and/or software stored on their computer equipment against any type of attack, including those of exogenous origin. Any person’s connection to the Site and Services is under their full responsibility.
If the user notices an issue with a paid service, they should notify Rantek Inc. by email. Rantek Inc. will provide an answer to the User as soon as possible.
Any failure or damage reported to Rantek Inc. must be proven by the User by any means deemed necessary.
ARTICLE 3.4 - INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
This article applies without prejudice to the rules set forth by the Mobile Operating System publisher.
All the elements composing the Site and the Applications are the property of Rantek Inc.
These General Terms and Conditions do not grant the User any rights of ownership over the elements of the Website or the Applications that are made available for the purposes of the Services.
No component of the Site or an Application may be represented, reproduced, altered, in any manner whatsoever, in any medium whatsoever, in part or in whole, without the prior written permission of Rantek Inc.
The User is informed that any breach of this article constitutes an act of counterfeiting and that any offender is subject to both civil and criminal prosecution.
The Site may contain hyperlinks to third party Sites over which Rantek Inc. has no control. It can not, therefore, be held responsible for the unavailability of these sites and/or their content.
ARTICLE 3.7 - MODIFICATION OR TERMINATION OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS, SUSPENSION OR FINAL STOP OF SERVICE
The User acknowledges and expressly agrees that Rantek Inc. may, at any time, make unilateral changes to these Terms and Conditions as well as suspend or stop a Service. The User will be informed of any modifications to the General Conditions and of any suspension or stoppage of a Service, by any means at the convenience of Rantek Inc.
Should Rantek Inc. modify the present General Conditions, the applicable General Conditions are those which were in effect when the User ordered the paid Service.
The User acknowledges and accepts that the refusal of the modifications entails the immediate renunciation to the use of the concerned Service.
In the event of the definitive termination of a Service, these General Conditions may be terminated automatically by Rantek Inc., without any compensation of any kind for the User.
ARTICLE 3.8 - ASSIGNMENT OF TOS
The User acknowledges and agrees that Rantek Inc. may, at any time, freely transfer to any third party of its choice, in whatever form, its rights and obligations arising from these Terms and Conditions. The User will be informed of this transfer, by any means at the convenience of Rantek Inc.
In case of assignment, the User acknowledges and agrees that Rantek Inc. will be immediately and completely released from its obligations.
The User acknowledges and agrees that the opposition to this assignment leads to the immediate renunciation of the use of the Service concerned.
Unless expressly agreed otherwise by Rantek Inc., the User acknowledges and agrees that they may not assign any third party, in any form whatsoever, the benefit of these General Terms and Conditions.
ARTICLE 3.9 - DIVISIBILITY
If any of the articles in these General Terms and Conditions prove void or unenforceable by virtue of a law or regulation or following a court decision, the other articles will retain their full force and effect.
ARTICLE 3.10 - WAIVER
The fact that Rantek Inc. does not to avail itself of one or more provisions of these General Terms & Conditions does not imply a waiver of all of the said General Terms & Conditions.
ARTICLE 3.11 - SETTLEMENT OF DISPUTES
When a dispute arises between the User and Rantek Inc., the Parties undertake to attempt to find an amicable solution. To do this, the User must address their complaint by registered letter with acknowledgment of receipt.
In case of failure, the User may apply to any competent jurisdiction.
These General Terms & Conditions are written in English. They can only be interpreted in their English version.