Privacy Policy
1. The Happiest Hour (Pty) Ltd
We respect your privacy.
The Happiest Hour (Pty) Ltd respects your right to privacy and is committed to safeguarding the privacy of our customers and website visitors. We adhere to the National Privacy Principles established by the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth). This policy sets out how we collect and treat your personal information.
“Personal information” is information we hold which is identifiable as being about you.
2. Collection of personal information
The Happiest Hour (Pty) Ltd will, from time to time, receive and store personal information you enter onto our website, provided to us directly or given to us in other forms.
You may provide basic information such as your name, phone number, address and email address to enable us to send information, provide updates and process your product or service order. We may collect additional information at other times, including but not limited to, when you provide feedback, when you provide information about your personal or business affairs, change your content or email preference, respond to surveys and/or promotions or communicate with our customer support.
Additionally, we may also collect any other information you provide while interacting with us.
3. What personal data do we collect and for what purposes do we use it?
Sources of personal data. We obtain your personal data from the following categories of sources:
Directly from you.
For example, if you submit certain personal data directly to us when registering your user account or contacting us;
Directly or indirectly through your activity on The Happiest Hour (Pty) Ltd.
When you use The Happiest Hour (Pty) Ltd, we automatically collect technical information about your use of The Happiest Hour (Pty) Ltd; and
From third parties.
We may receive information about your from third parties to whom you have previously provided your personal data, if those third parties have a lawful basis for disclosing your personal data to us.
Types and purposes of personal data. We respect data minimisation principles. Thus, we collect only a minimal amount of personal data through The Happiest Hour (Pty) Ltd that is necessary to ensure the proper provision of The Happiest Hour (Pty) Ltd as described below. We use your personal data for limited, specified and legitimate purposes explicitly mentioned in this Privacy Policy. We do not use your personal data for any purposes that are different from the purposes for which it was provided. When processing personal data, we make sure that we do so by relying on one of the available legal bases. You can find more information about the legal bases below.
Registration of a User Account.
When you register your The Happiest Hour (Pty) Ltd account, we collect your username, email address, name and any other information you decide to provide. We use the said information to register and maintain your user account, enable your access to The Happiest Hour (Pty) Ltd, provide you with the requested services, contact you, if necessary, and maintain our business records. The legal bases on which we rely are ‘performing a contract with you’, ‘pursuing our legitimate business interests’ (i.e., operate, analyse, grow, and administer The Happiest Hour (Pty) Ltd), and ‘your consent’ (for optional personal data).
Posts.
When you post content on The Happiest Hour (Pty) Ltd, we collect any information that you decide to provide in your post (for example, information about you and your experience at a venue. We use such information to feature your post, provide you with the requested services and maintain our business records. The legal bases on which we rely are ‘performing a contract with you’, ‘pursuing our legitimate business interests’ (i.e., operate and administer The Happiest Hour (Pty) Ltd), and ‘your consent’ (for optional personal data).
Inquiries.
When you contact us by email or by using the “contact” functionality, we collect your name, email address, and any information that you decide to include in your message. We use such data to respond to your inquiries. The legal bases on which we rely are ‘pursuing our legitimate business interests’ (i.e, to grow and promote our business) and ‘your consent’ (for optional personal data
Payments.
When you make or request a payment, you will be asked to provide your payment details that depend on the chosen payment provider (like your name, credit card number, expiration date, security code, billing address, or PayPal details). Please note that we do not process payments - it is done by our third-party payment processors. Your payment data is used to process your payments and maintain our business records. The legal bases on which we rely are ‘performing a contract’, ‘pursuing our legitimate business interests’ (i.e., administer our business), and ‘complying with our legal obligations’.
Newsletter.
When you subscribe to our newsletter, we collect your name and email address. We use it to deliver you the requested newsletter. The legal basis on which we rely is ‘your consent’.
IP address.
When you use The Happiest Hour (Pty) Ltd, we or our third-party analytics service providers collect your IP address. We use your IP address to analyse the technical aspects of your use of The Happiest Hour (Pty) Ltd, prevent fraud and abuse of The Happiest Hour (Pty) Ltd, ensure the security of The Happiest Hour (Pty) Ltd, and tailor The Happiest Hour (Pty) Ltd for your location. The legal basis on which we rely when processing your IP address is ‘pursuing our legitimate business interests’ (i.e., to analyse and protect The Happiest Hour (Pty) Ltd).
Images/Photos
(Optional) for App functionality. Our website and application may collect user images for various purposes, such as profile pictures or content submission. Please be aware that any images submitted to our platform may be stored on our servers for future use. However, we do not share these images with third parties; they are only used for internal purposes, such as improving our services and user experience. By submitting an image to our platform, you acknowledge and consent to our collection and storage of your image.
Sensitive data.
We do not collect or have access to any special categories of personal data (“sensitive data”) from you, unless you decide, at your own discretion, to provide such data to us.
Sensitive data is information that relates to your health, genetics, biometrics, religious and political beliefs, racial origins, membership of a professional or trade association, sex life, or sexual orientation.
If Your Data contains the said sensitive.
4. How we collect your personal information
The Happiest Hour (Pty) Ltd collects personal information from you in a variety of ways, including when you interact with us electronically or in person, when you access our website and when we provide our services to you. We may receive personal information from third parties. If we do, we will protect it as set out in this Privacy Policy.
5. Use of your personal information
The Happiest Hour (Pty) Ltd may use personal information collected from you to provide you with information, updates and our services. We may also make you aware of new and additional products, services and opportunities available to you. We may use your personal information to improve our products and services and better understand your needs.
The Happiest Hour (Pty) Ltd may contact you by a variety of measures including, but not limited to telephone, email, sms or mail.
6. Disclosure of your personal information
We may disclose your personal information to any of our employees, officers, insurers, professional advisers, agents, suppliers or subcontractors in so far as reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this Policy. Personal information is only supplied to a third party when it is required for the delivery of our services.
We may from time to time need to disclose personal information to comply with a legal requirement, such as a law, regulation, court order, subpoena, warrant, in the course of a legal proceeding or in response to a law enforcement agency request.
We may also use your personal information to protect the copyright, trademarks, legal rights, property or safety of The Happiest Hour (Pty) Ltd, thehappiesthour.com, its customers or third parties.
Information that we collect may from time to time be stored, processed in or transferred between parties located in countries outside of Australia.
If there is a change of control in our business or a sale or transfer of business assets, we reserve the right to transfer to the extent permissible at law our user databases, together with any personal information and non - personal information contained in those databases. This information may be disclosed to a potential purchaser under an agreement to maintain confidentiality. We would seek to only disclose information in good faith and where required by any of the above circumstances.
By providing us with personal information, you consent to the terms of this Privacy Policy and the types of disclosure covered by this Policy. Where we disclose your personal information to third parties, we will request that the third party follow this Policy regarding handling your personal information.
7. Security of your personal information
The Happiest Hour (Pty) Ltd is committed to ensuring that the information you provide to us is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure information and protect it from misuse, interference, loss and unauthorised access, modification and disclosure.
The transmission and exchange of information is carried out at your own risk. We cannot guarantee the security of any information that you transmit to us, or receive from us. Although we take measures to safeguard against unauthorised disclosures of information, we cannot assure you that personal information that we collect will not be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Policy.
8. Access of your personal information
You may request details of personal information that we hold about you in accordance with the provisions of the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth). A small administrative fee may be payable for the provision of information. If you would like a copy of the information which we hold about you or believe that any information we hold on you is inaccurate, out of date, incomplete, irrelevant or misleading, please email us at info@thehappiesthour.com .
We reserve the right to ref use to provide you with information that we hold about you, in certain circumstances set out in the Privacy Act.
9. How long do we keep your personal data?
Retention of personal data.
We store your personal data in our systems only for as long as such personal data is required for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy or until you request us to delete your personal data, whichever comes first. After your personal data is no longer necessary for its primary purposes and we do not have another legal basis for storing it, we securely delete your personal data from our systems.
Retention of technical (non-personal) data.
We retain non-personal data pertaining to you for as long as necessary for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. For example, we can store it for the period of time needed for us to pursue our legitimate business interests, conduct audits, comply with (and demonstrate compliance with) legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements.
Retention as required by law.
In certain cases, we are required by law to store your personal data for a certain period of time (e.g., for business records or accountancy purposes). Thus, we keep your personal data for the time period stipulated by the applicable law and securely delete it as soon as the required storage period expires.
10. Account deletion policy
You can delete your account and personal data at any time by following these steps:
Log into your account using the mobile application
Go to your profile and delete your account
11. Complaints about privacy
If you have any complaints about our privacy practices, please feel free to send in details of your complaints to. We take complaints very seriously and will respond shortly after receiving written notice of your complaint.
12. Changes to privacy policy
Please be aware that we may change this Privacy Policy in the future. We may modify this Policy at any time, in our sole discretion and all modifications will be effective immediately upon our posting of the modifications on our website or notice board. Please check back from time to time to review our Privacy Policy.
13. Website
When you visit our website When you come to our website (thehappiesthour.com) we may collect certain information such as browser type, operating system, website visited immediately before coming to our site, etc. This information is used in an aggregated manner to analyse how people use our site, such that we can improve our service.
Cookies.
We may from time to time use cookies on our website. Cookies are very small files which a website uses to identify you when you come back to the site and to store details about your use of the site. Cookies are not malicious programs that access or damage your computer. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies but you can choose to reject cookies by changing your browser settings. However, this may prevent you from taking full advantage of our website.
Our website may from time to time use cookies to analyses website traffic and help us provide a better website visitor experience. In addition, cookies may be used to serve relevant ads to website visitors through third party services such as Google Adwords. These ads may appear on this website or other websites you visit.
Third party sites.
Our site may from time to time have links to other websites not owned or controlled by us. These links are meant for your convenience only. Links to third party websites do not constitute sponsorship or endorsement or approval of these websites. Please be aware that The Happiest Hour (Pty) Ltd is not responsible for the privacy practises of other such websites. We encourage our users to be aware, when they leave our website, to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personal identifiable information.