Maz Systems Privacy Policy
Effective Date: 01/07/2021
Welcome to MAZ, operated by MAZ Systems Inc. (“Company”, “we”, “us” or “our”). This is the Privacy Policy for all apps, websites, skills, properties, or other Services that have been developed using MAZ (which we will collectively refer to throughout this Privacy Policy as the “Services”).
MAZ is a content logistics system that brands use to manage and distribute content to end users like you. As a content logistics system, MAZ acts as the data processor for the brands using our system. In addition to our Privacy Policy, please make sure to review each brand’s privacy and data policies as well.
This Privacy Policy has been developed to inform you of how we collect, use, disclose and otherwise treat personal information that is provided to us in connection with the use of our Services. This Privacy Policy applies regardless of how you access the Services, whether it be a wireless or mobile device, a personal computer, a TV, a wearable device, or any other device (each, a “Device”) and whether you are accessing the Services as a registered user (i.e., an end user with a User Account, as defined herein) or otherwise. This Privacy Policy governs only the Information (as defined herein) collected by us on or in connection with the Services where we are acting as a data processor, and does not cover any other information collected in any other manner or collected by any other entity or third party processor, unless specifically stated. Where you have provided your personal information to third parties such as marketing companies or advertisers and have provided sufficient consent, we may obtain such Personal Information and combine it with your Information (as defined herein) and, if we do so, our use of the resulting combined Information will be subject to this Privacy Policy.
Please read through this Privacy Policy in detail, as your access to and use of our Services signifies that you have read, understand and agree to all terms within this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with any portion of this Privacy Policy, we ask that you please do not participate in any MAZ Services.
When we use the term “Personal Information” we mean any information that we collect on or in connection with the Services that would allow someone to identify you or contact you, such as your full name, address, e-mail address, payment card information or telephone number. When we use the term “Additional Information”, we mean any information that we collect about you through the Services other than Personal Information. Additional Information may include, but is not limited to, Device type, Device operating system version, app or site version. Personal Information and Additional Information shall be collectively referred to as “Information”.
HOW WE USE AND COLLECT PERSONAL DATA
In this section we will set out the types of Personal Information we may process, and the purpose for which we process Personal Information. There may be Services that you can read, view, watch, listen to, or otherwise take advantage of without providing us with any Personal Information. Some of the Services are only accessible or can only be used by providing us certain Information and/or by registering a User Account.
User Account.
If you elect to become a registered user to access the Services, we will require you to have a unique username and password combination (“User Credentials”) and provide Personal Information which may include your email address, name, (collectively, a “User Account”). Some of our Services offer you as the user the ability to provide this information via login/authentication integrations with Facebook, Twitter or other third party services. If you accept the terms of those third party integrations, you are granting those services the right to share that Personal Information with MAZ in order for us to provide access to the Services. We use and store this information so that we can create your account, verify access to your User Account across devices and across instances of the Services, for the prevention and detection of fraudulent access to your account, and to contact you regarding the administration of any features or functions of the Services. This User Account may be necessary for you to access content, access purchased content, to access starred, saved, or bookmarked content across devices, and to sync your content so that you can do things like start viewing content on one device and pick up where you left off on another device, as well as other such personalized functionality. When you sign up for your User Account, we will request your consent to process this Personal Information.
Subscriptions and Purchases.
If you elect to purchase a subscription, auto-renewing or otherwise, make any other type of purchase, or want to gain access an existing subscription or purchase, you may be required to provide Personal Information such as your name, mailing address, zip code, email, username, password, or third party username, password, or account number for the purposes of fulfilling your subscription or purchase, contacting you about the expiration of your subscription, and sending you other notices regarding your subscriptions or purchases. Once you subscribe or make a purchase, we may store your Information which additionally includes the subscription start and end dates, pricing, and brand. This allows you to access your subscriptions and purchases on multiple devices. When you make a subscription purpose, or other purchase that requires your Personal Information, we will request your consent to process this Personal Information.
Communications.
At times, you may be presented with the option of whether to receive certain marketing and promotional communications from us and others that we think will be of interest to you. We may also collect Personal Information when you communicate with one of our support departments with questions or comments, or sign up to receive newsletters, email communications, or other communications from us. The Personal Information we collect may include name and email address, and sometimes, Additional Information. If you consent to any such messages, we may use your Personal Information to provide up-to-date information about the Services you are using, to publicize and promote certain content, products and services offered by us or our business partners that you may be interested in, and to respond to any requests, questions, or complaints. We may also use your Personal Information to access your Account in order to address any technical support requests. For any communications, whether it be a newsletter, support request, or any other email, we will ask you to confirm your consent to these uses at the time you sign up for these communications.
Aggregating Information.
We may accumulate and aggregate Additional Information into a centralized secure database for the purpose of extracting statistical information and analyzing that data in order to improve and make our Services better for our Partners and the end users of all our Services.
Legal Obligations.
We may use your Information if we are legally obligated to assist in an investigation, court order, laws and regulations, to protect and defend our safety, rights and property, to enforce our Terms of Service, agreements with third parties, the rights and safety of third parties, or any other required legal process. We will only process your Information in this manner to comply with any applicable laws.
Location Data.
We may receive information about your current location, which we get from signals such as your IP address or device settings. Subject to your settings. we may use your location data in order to provide you with relevant local content, customized content that is based on your location, or to otherwise customize and improve the Services. We will ask your permission to use your location data, and you can control your location preferences directly from your Device’s settings, or website browser settings.
Automatic Data Collection.
The Services and/or third parties may use “cookies”, “embedded scripts”, and other similar tracking technologies (collectively, “Tracking Technologies”) to collect Additional Information automatically as you interact with the Services. Some cookies are used to make login to our Services easier (such as by remembering your User Account). Cookies also enable us to track your interaction with the Services, and target your interests to enhance your experience with the Services. We may also use Tracking Technologies to collect “clickstream” data, such as the domain name of the service providing you with Internet access, the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your Device to the Internet, your browser type and version, operating system and platform, the average time spent on using the Services, pages viewed, content searched for, access times and other relevant statistics, and assign unique identifiers to the Device you use to access and use the Services for the same purposes. We may associate the information obtained through these Tracking Technologies with your Personal Information so we can better customize your experience using the Services. We also use this data to keep track of your preferences, to track performance, gather analytics to allow us to make general improvements to the Services, and to create a more tailored user experience and better serve your particular interests and needs.
You may have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers default to automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. For example, if you are using Internet Explorer, search for “Cookies” in the Help menu to find detailed instructions. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to use interactive features of this Site or other Websites that depend on cookies.
Advertising.
The Services may also use a variety of third party advertising networks, data exchanges, traffic measurement service providers, marketing analytics service providers and other third parties (collectively, “Third Party Advertising Service Providers”) to, for example, serve advertisements on the Services, facilitate targeting of advertisements and/or measure and analyze advertising effectiveness and/or traffic on the Services. Such services may enable us to display advertisements based on your use of the Services and other websites you have visited. Targeting services enable us to, among other things, help deliver advertisements or other content to you for products and services that you might be interested in, to prevent you from seeing the same advertisements too many times and to conduct research regarding the usefulness of certain advertisements to you.
SHARING AND DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION AND OTHER INFORMATION
General Disclosure.
Generally, we do not sell, rent, lease or disclose your Personal Information to third parties, except if you consent to such disclosure or as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy. We may use and/or sell any anonymous aggregated data, or Device-level information we collect in connection with your use of the Services, including, without limitation, for the purposes described in Article 1 above. Any of our affiliated companies, including all of their respective business units may obtain from us and be able to use your Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. You can choose to opt-out of such uses as described in Article 4 below. We may share, disclose and/or sell Additional Information to third parties, but we do not disclose Personal Information to them except as described in this Privacy Policy.
Service Providers and Vendors.
We may disclose your Personal Information to third parties, service providers, vendors, and affiliates for the purpose of administering and maintaining the Services, and other features, functions and operations in connection therewith. We will refer to these parties in this context as “Site Service Providers”. We use Site Service Providers to efficiently provide the full range of content, activities, services, features and functions we bring you and we disclose your Information to Site Service Providers for the purpose of providing services to us. These Site Service Providers may temporarily store some information on their servers, but they may only use your Personal Information to provide us with a specific service and not for any other purpose and agree to keep such Personal Information secure and confidential.
Our Partners.
Your Information is shared with the Partners we work with, which is typically the brand of the app you are using or the content you are viewing. If you are an end user of one of these branded apps or sites, please note that the Partners are the Data Controllers of your Personal Information and their Privacy Policy is separate and may differ from ours. Please review the Partner’s Privacy Policy to learn how they collect and use your Personal Information.
Business Transfers and Sale.
If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, reorganization, bankruptcy, or other transaction that includes the transfer of all or a material part of our assets, your Information may be sold or transferred as part of that transaction. If that is the case, the new entity may use that Information for the purposes set forth in this Privacy Policy.
Additional Disclosures.
There may be instances when we may access or disclose Information without providing you a choice in the following circumstances: (a) to protect or defend the legal rights or property of Company, our affiliated companies or their employees, agents and contractors (including enforcement of our agreements); (b) to protect the safety and security of our site, the Services and users; (c) protect against fraud or for risk management purposes; (d) if we believe your actions violate the
Terms of Service Agreement
, this Privacy Policy, or any Additional Terms; or (e) to comply with law or legal process.
RETAINING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
User Account.
We will retain the Personal Information submitted for your User Account as long as you maintain an account associated with any of our Services or as is necessary to provide you the Services including newsletters and email communications.
Subscriber Information.
We will retain all Personal Information associated with verifying your subscription information for the duration of your subscription length. If you let your subscription come to its expiration do choose to not re-subscribe, we will remove all your subscriber Personal Information after 6 months.
Additional Information.
We will maintain Additional Information as long as is legally permissible in order to improve the performance and features of the Services that we provide.
Legal Obligations.
Your Personal Information will be retained as necessary to comply with any applicable federal, state or local law and to conduct legitimate business activities, obligations, resolve disputes, and to enforce all of our agreements.
USER CHOICE; WITHDRAWAL OF CONSENT; DELETING PERSONAL DATA
This section sets out the procedure for accessing, viewing, modifying and deleting your Personal Information. You always have the right to access and correct the Personal Information you have provided and generally you may review, update or delete certain information collected by the Services at any time by following the instructions in this Article 4.
Accessing, Modifying, and Deleting Your User Account.
If you have registered a User Account on any of our Services and you need to access, view, correct, or modify your Personal Information, you can do so by emailing
compliance@mazsystems.com
and requesting the information we have retained in your account in order to provide our Services. If you would like to delete your User Account, you can do so by emailing
compliance@mazsystems.com
and requesting that your User Account and the associated Personal Information be deleted.
Location Data.
If you would like to stop sharing your location data with us at any time you can disable location services on your Device or browser. These preferences can be found within the settings of your Device or browser. Instructions to change your preferences vary based on the type of Device or browser you are using.
Portability.
If you would like to download the Personal Information you have sent to the Services at any time, you can do so by emailing us at
compliance@mazsystems.com
. We will respond to all such requests within 5 business days.
Newsletters, Promotional Materials, Support Communications, Etc.
Recipients who have consented to receive such communications can unsubscribe by either following the specific instructions included in such communications or you may “opt-out” of receiving marketing and promotional emails from us at any time by sending an email to us at
compliance@mazsystems.com
detailing your privacy request. Please note that “opt-out” and “unsubscribe” requests may not take effect immediately and may take a reasonable amount of time to receive, process and apply, during which time your Information shall remain subject to the prior privacy settings. Additionally, you should be aware that any Information provided to third parties prior to your election to opt out or unsubscribe cannot be retrieved or rescinded by us unless required by applicable law, and you cannot retroactively opt out or unsubscribe with respect to such third parties. We may also have features that allow you to submit information, questions or feedback to us. In those instances, we may retain your emails and other information you submit to us for our internal purposes, and to help us and our service providers serve you better.
SECURITY
While no data transmission over the Internet is 100% secure from intrusion, we maintain commercially reasonable physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect your Personal Information. However, regardless of our efforts and the Device you use to access the Services, it is possible that third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications over an unsecured transmission. We also limit access to the Services by our own employees, contractors, Site Service Providers and those individuals who are authorized for the proper handling of such information. We request that our third party contractors and Site Service Providers follow similar standards of security and confidentiality.
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
If you are a resident of the State of California (“California Residents”), you have certain rights regarding your privacy, and may exercise these rights at any time.
Request to Know and Delete.
As California Residents, the CCPA grants you rights to send a verifiable request to receive the specific pieces and categories of Personal Information that have been collected, the purpose for which they were collected, and the categories of any third parties to which that data may have been shared. You also have the right to request that any of that data be deleted.
Do Not Sell.
MAZ does not sell your data as it is defined by the CCPA. MAZ may share your data with third parties in order to provide the services and for any other reason described in Section 2.
Non-discrimination.
You have the right to not be discriminated against for exercising your rights, and we will never discriminate against any California Resident for doing so.
Submit Requests.
To exercise any of your rights under CCPA, you may send a verifiable request to us. In order to reasonably verify your identity and comply with your request, we please ask that you provide us with the email address associated with your MAZ account and the last four digits of the payment card associated with your account. If you would like an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf, you must provide a valid power of attorney, and the authorized agent’s valid government issued identification. To submit requests, you may email us at
compliance@mazsystems.com
or write to us at the following address:
Mail: MAZ Systems Inc.
Attn: California Privacy Rights
109 W 27th St
FL 7
New York, NY 10001 USA
LINKS
The Services may be linked to Internet sites operated by other companies. The Services may also feature advertisements from other third parties. Company is not responsible for the privacy practices of such websites or other services operated by third parties that are linked to or integrated with the Services or for the privacy practices of third party Internet advertising companies. Once you leave this site or app via such a link, access a third party application (such as widgets, APIs, etc.) or click on an advertisement, you should check the applicable privacy policy of the third party site to determine, among other things, how they will handle any personally identifiable or other information that they may collect from you.
CHILDREN
We do not knowingly and actively collect Personal Information from children under the age of 13. If you have reason to believe that any child under this age (or the minimum age based on your country/region or local law) has provided their Personal Information to us, please contact us at
compliance@mazsystems.com
and we will take steps to delete that Information and any associated User Accounts.
PRIVACY POLICY CHANGES
From time to time we may modify this Privacy Policy to reflect industry initiatives or changes in the law, our Information collection, use and disclosure practices, the features of the Site or Services, or technology, and such modifications shall be effective upon posting. Your continued use of the Services after we post a revised Privacy Policy signifies your acceptance of the revised Privacy Policy. It is therefore important that you review this Privacy Policy regularly to ensure you are updated as to any changes. If we materially change our practices regarding collection, use or disclosure of your Personal Information, your Personal Information will continue to be governed by the Privacy Policy under which it was collected unless you have been provided notice of, and have not objected to, the change.
ACCURACY
It is your responsibility to give us current, complete, truthful and accurate information, including Personal Information, and to keep such information up to date.
We cannot and will not be responsible for any problems or liability that may arise if you do not give us accurate, truthful or complete information or Personal Information or you fail to update such information or Personal Information
. We will reject and delete any entry that we believe in good faith to be false, fraudulent or inconsistent with this Privacy Policy.
INTERNATIONAL VISITORS
The Services are controlled, operated and administered in the United States and India, and data is stored on servers both in the United States and Canada. If you use our Services from a location outside the United States, please be advised that any Information you provide may be processed in and transferred to the United States or other non-European Economic Area countries. If you contact us for support, please note that your support may be provided by someone from one of our global locations outside your country of origin. However, in all instances we will only process your Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions about our privacy practices or any of the terms or conditions of this Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us at:
Email:
compliance@mazsystems.com
OR
Mail: MAZ Systems Inc.
Attn: Privacy Concerns
109 W 27th St
7th Fl
New York, NY 10001
SOLE STATEMENT
This document is the sole statement of the Privacy Policy for the Services and no summary, restatement or other version thereof, or other privacy statement or policy, in any form, including, without limitation, machine-generated, is valid.
This Privacy Policy was last modified on July 16, 2020 and is effective immediately.
Copyright © 2020 MAZ Systems Inc.