Alarm Clock Radio Plus
Available @Apple App Store
Motion Detector Cam Free
Available @Apple App Store
Coral Reef HD
Available @Apple App Store
Alarm Clock Radio Plus
Available @Apple App Store
App Support
Thanks for submitting!
Submit
App Privacy Policy
THE APPS.
By using my Apps, you signify that you have read, understand and agree to this Privacy Policy. Philip Bailey reserves the right, at his sole discretion, to modify or replace this Privacy Policy at any time and for any reason. Your continued use of the Service following the posting of any changes to this Privacy Policy constitutes acceptance of those changes.
COMPLIANCE WITH THE LAW.
Philip Bailey is committed to protecting the privacy of his users. His Apps comply with all UK laws and requirements for user privacy.
INFORMATION I COLLECT.
Although there are many apps that collect information and other statistics about their users, Philip Bailey DOES NOT collect any identifying or non-identifying information about you when you use his Apps. He specifically DOES NOT use cookies, user logs, web beacons or any other method to track the usage patterns of his Users.
SPONSORED LINKS AND ADVERTS.
Philip Bailey's Apps may contain sponsored links and adverts. These will be served through his advertising partners, whom may have detailed privacy policies relating directly to the adverts they serve. Clicking on any such adverts or sponsored links will send you to the advertisers website or app or the App Store through a referral program which may use cookies and will track the number of referrals sent from his Apps. This may include the use of cookies which may in turn be saved on your computers hard drive. Users should therefore note they click on sponsored external links at their own risk and Philip Bailey cannot be held liable for any damages or implications caused by visiting any external links mentioned.
THIRD PARTY SITES AND SERVICES.
Philip Bailey's Apps may link to other apps, websites, services or resources, and other apps, websites, services or resources may contain links to Philip Bailey's Apps. When you access third party apps, websites, services or resources, you do so at your own risk. These other apps, websites, services or resources are not under Philip Bailey's control and I cannot guarantee or verify the contents of any externally linked app, website, services or resource.