Privacy Policy
Our products — such as but limited to ’Sodes, Time Zones, etc. — are owned, operated, and maintained by Nice Boy LLC (“us”). Nice Boy LLC respects your right to privacy and shares your concern about the security of any data you may submit via our mobile applications (“apps”) or support channels (e.g. email, social media).
Your privacy is critically important to us. We don’t want to be creepy stalkers or evil spammers. We have a few fundamental principles:
We don’t ask you for personal information unless we truly need it.
We don’t share your personal information with anyone except to comply with the law, develop our products, or protect our rights.
We don’t store personal information on our servers unless required for the ongoing operation of one of our services.
The following statement discloses the guidelines Nice Boy LLC has established for protecting the information you provide to us during your visit to the site and while using the app.
Aggregated Statistics
We may collect statistics about the behavior of users of the app. For example, we may aggregate anonymous data about time spent using various features of ’Sodes, or tracking performance metrics like how many seconds it takes to refresh a podcast feed.
Our apps use Fabric.io to aggregate both anonymous usage data as well as anonymous crash reports. Please consult Fabric’s own
privacy policies
for more information about how this anonymous data is used.
Other than these aggregated anonymous statistics, Nice Boy LLC does not collect any other information from our apps. Your list of subscribed podcasts, your listening history, your favorite time zones, etc. — that kind data is stored exclusively on your personal device and is therefore protected by all the security features and privacy policies that Apple extends by default to all native iOS applications.
Children
We do not knowingly collect Personal Data from children under the age of 13. If you are under thirteen, please do not submit any data through the app (which isn’t even possible to do, as no Personal Data is collected by the apps).
We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children’s Internet usage and to help enforce our privacy policy by instructing their children to never provide personal data through any app or website without their parents’ permission.
Exclusions
This privacy policy does not apply to any unsolicited information you provide to us, such as feature requests and feedback sent via our support channels. All unsolicited information shall be deemed to be non-confidential and we shall be free to reproduce, use, disclose, and distribute such unsolicited information to others without limitation or attribution.
Disclaimer
While we continue to work hard to protect your data, no transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be absolutely secure, and we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to Nice Boy LLC. Transmitting personal information is done at your own risk.
Privacy Policy Changes
If Nice Boy LLC makes changes to any terms or conditions of this privacy policy, these changes will be posted on the site in a timely manner. We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. In case of a business transaction in which a portion or all of Nice Boy LLC’s business is acquired, we will notify you as described above in this paragraph.
Contact Us
If you have any additional questions or concerns about this policy or our information practices, please feel free to contact us at any time at desk@jaredsinclair.com
Last updated September 15, 2018