Privacy Policy
Table of Contents
This policy was last updated 19 July 2024 and effective from 31 July 2024
We at
Dext Software Limited
take your privacy very
  seriously.
We want to make sure all the information we have collected about you is safe
  and secure whether we collect it through our website at
www.dext.com
(“
Site
”), through our mobile app (“
App
”),
  from you via other electronic means (such as email or social media platforms),
  or in-person at our events.
This website is not intended for children and we do not knowingly collect data
  relating to children.
It is important that you read this privacy policy together with any other
  privacy policy or fair processing policy we may provide on specific occasions
  when we are collecting or processing personal data about you so that you are
  fully aware of how and why we are using your data. This privacy policy
  supplements other notices and privacy policies and is not intended to override
  them.
Controller
Dext is the controller and responsible for your personal data.
Dext is made up of different legal entities, details of which can be found
  here on our website. This privacy policy is issued on behalf of the Dext Group
  so when we mention “
Dext
”, “
we
”,
  “
us
” or “
our
” in this privacy policy, we are
  referring to the relevant company in the Dext Group responsible for processing
  your data.
We have appointed a data protection officer (DPO) who is responsible for
  overseeing questions in relation to this privacy policy. If you have any
  questions about this privacy policy, including any requests to exercise your
  legal rights, please contact the DPO using the details following email
  address: dpo@dext.com.
This policy shall not apply to any personal data contained in documents (such
  as invoices or receipts) uploaded to the Dext platform by you or on your
  behalf. Any such personal data will be held by us as your data processor. You
  are the data controller in respect of any personal data contained in documents
  you (or someone on your behalf) upload onto the Dext platform.
What data do we collect?
Personal data, or personal information, means any information about an
          individual from which that person can be identified. It does not
          include data where the identity has been removed (anonymous data).
We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal
          data about you which we have grouped together as follows:
Identity Data
includes: first name, last name,
              username or similar identifier, marital status, title, date of
              birth and gender.
Contact Data
includes: job description billing
              address, email address and telephone numbers.
Transaction Data
includes: details about
              payments, receipts or invoices between you and third parties;
              details about payments to and from you and us and other details of
              products and services you have purchased from us.
Technical Data
includes: internet protocol (IP)
              address, your login data, browser type and version, time zone
              setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions,
              operating system and platform, and other technology on the devices
              you use to access this website or our mobile app. We may receive
              Technical Data about you from analytics providers (such as Google
              based outside of the EU).
Profile Data
includes: your username and
              password, purchases or orders made by you, your preferences,
              feedback and survey responses.
Usage Data
includes: information about how you
              use our website, products and services
Marketing and Communications Data
includes: your
              preferences in receiving marketing from us and our third parties
              and your communication preferences.
We also collect, use and share
Aggregated Data
such
          as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated Data
          could be derived from your personal data but is not considered
          personal data in law as this data will not directly or indirectly
          reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate your Usage Data to
          calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific website
          feature. However, if we combine or connect Aggregated Data with your
          personal data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we
          treat the combined data as personal data which will be used in
          accordance with this privacy notice.
We do not want you to upload, nor do we collect, any special
          categories of personal data about you (this includes details about
          your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life,
          sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership,
          information about your health, and genetic and biometric data). Nor do
          we collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.
If you fail to provide personal data.
Where we need
          to collect personal data by law, or under the terms of a contract we
          have with you, and you fail to provide that data when requested, we
          may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter
          into with you (for example, to provide you with our services). In this
          case, we may have to cancel a service you have with us but we will
          notify you if this is the case at the time.
How is your personal data collected?
We use different methods to collect data from and about you including
          through:
Direct Interactions.
You may give us your Identity, Contact and Transaction Data by
              filling in forms or by corresponding with us by post, phone, email
              or otherwise. This includes, but is not limited to, personal data
              you provide when you:
subscribe for our products or services;
apply for a demonstration of our products and services;
create an account on our website;
request marketing to be sent to you;
apply to attend or take part in a webinar, training session or
                  event, whether in person or online;
enter a competition, promotion or survey; or
give us feedback or contact us
Automated technologies or interactions.
As you interact with our website, we will automatically collect
              Technical Data about your equipment, browsing actions and
              patterns. We collect this personal data by using cookies, server
              logs and other similar technologies. We may also receive Technical
              Data about you if you visit other websites employing our cookies.
Third parties or publicly available sources.
We will receive personal data about you from various third parties
              and public sources as set out below:
Technical Data from the following parties:
analytics providers such as Google based outside the EU;
advertising networks based inside or outside the EU; and
search information providers based inside or outside the
                      EU.
Identity, Contact, Profile, Usage and Transaction Data from
                  providers of technical, payment and delivery services such as
                  Stripe, Salesforce or Segment based inside or outside the EU.
Identity and Contact Data from data brokers or aggregators
                  based inside or outside the EU.
Identity and Contact Data from publicly available sources such
                  as Companies House and the Electoral Register based inside the
                  EU.
Identity, Contact and Technical Data from third party API’s
                  including Google APIs and Microsoft Graph API. Dext’s use and
                  transfer of the same to any other app will adhere to the
                  appropriate third party user data policies including without
                  limitation,
Microsoft’s privacy statement
, Google API Services User Data Policy including the Limited
                  Use requirements and Dext’s own Data Processing Agreement.
How do we use your personal data?
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most
          commonly, we will use your personal data in the following
          circumstances:
Where we need to perform the contract we are about to enter into
              or have entered into with you.
Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a
              third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not
              override those interests.
Where we need to comply with a legal obligation.
Generally, we do not rely on consent as a legal basis for processing
          your personal data although we will get your consent before sending
          third party direct marketing communications to you via email or text
          message. You have the right to withdraw consent to marketing at any
          time by contacting us.
We have set out below a description of all the ways we plan to use
          your personal data, and which of the legal bases we rely on to do so.
          We have also identified what our legitimate interests are where
          appropriate.
Note that we may process your personal data for more than one lawful
          ground depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your
          data. Please contact us if you need details about the specific legal
          ground we are relying on to process your personal data where more than
          one ground has been set out in the table below.
What do we use your information for?
What type of information do we use?
What reason do we have to use it?
To register you as a new subscriber or to register you for a
                free trial
Identity
Contact
Performance of a contract with you
To send you information which you have asked us to send to you.
All the personal information we collect
We use this information to pursue our legitimate interest to
                comply with your request to contact you.
To process and deliver your order including:
To manage payments, fees and charges
To collect and recover money owed to us
Identity
Contact
Usage
Transaction
Marketing and Communications by Dext
Performance of a contract with you
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to recover debts due
                    to us)
So that one of our experts can contact you to discuss our
                services.
Identity
Contact
Transaction
Usage
Profile
We use this information to pursue our legitimate interest to
                comply with your request to contact you.
To manage our relationship with you which will include:
Account management services
Notifying you about changes to our terms and conditions or
                    privacy policy
Asking you to leave a review, take a survey or take part in
                    a trial of a new product or service
All the personal information we collect
Performance of a contract with you
Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to keep our records
                    updated and to study how customers use our
                    products/services)
To send you other information which we think you might like such
                as details about our services or offers.
Identity
Contact
Technical
Usage
Profile
Marketing and Communications by Dext
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to develop our
                products/services and grow our business)
To enter into and perform contracts where we are supplying
                services to you.
All the personal information we collect
We use this information for the performance of our contract with
                you.
To administer and protect our business and this website
                (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system
                maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data)
Identity
Contact
Technical
Necessary for our legitimate interests (for running our
                    business, provision of administration and IT services,
                    network security, to prevent fraud and in the context of a
                    business reorganisation or group restructuring exercise)
Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
To deliver relevant website content and advertisements to you
                and measure or understand the effectiveness of the advertising
                we serve to you
Identity
Contact
Profile
Usage
Marketing and Communications
Technical
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers
                use our products/services, to develop them, to grow our business
                and to inform our marketing strategy)
To use data analytics to improve our website, products/services,
                marketing, customer relationships and experiences
Identity
Contact
Profile
Usage
Technical
Transaction
Usage
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to define types of
                customers for our products and services, to keep our website
                updated and relevant, to develop our business and to inform our
                marketing strategy)
To help you if you have a questions or you need technical
                support.
Identity
Contact
Profile
Transaction
Usage
To pursue our legitimate interest to make sure we deal with any
                issues you have quickly.
To comply with our legal obligations
All the personal information we collect
To comply with any legal obligation or requirement
If you have told us we can use your information in a certain way, you
          can tell us to stop using it at any time (see
Contact
section below).
Also look out for the link at the bottom of any messages we send
              you which will also put a stop to any messages.
Marketing
We strive to provide you with choices regarding certain personal data
          uses, particularly around marketing and advertising.
Promotional offers from us
We may use your Identity, Contact, Technical, Usage and Profile
              Data to form a view on what we think you may want or need, or what
              may be of interest to you. This is how we decide which products,
              services and offers may be relevant for you (we call this
              marketing).
You will receive marketing communications from us if you have
              requested information from us or purchased services from us and
              you have not opted out of receiving that marketing.
Third-party marketing
We will get your express opt-in consent before we share your
              personal data with any third party for marketing purposes.
Opting out
You can ask us or third parties to stop sending you marketing
              messages at any time by following the opt-out links on any
              marketing message sent to you. Where you opt out of receiving
              these marketing messages, this will not apply to personal data
              provided to us as a result of your subscription to our services
              and products.
Cookies
You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or
              to alert you when websites set or access cookies. If you disable
              or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this website may
              become inaccessible or not function properly. For more information
              about the cookies we use, please see
dext.com/cookie-policy
Who else receives your personal data?
We may share your personal data with the parties set out below:
Anyone you have said you are happy for us to send your details
                to.
Organisations that provide services to us
: such
              as marketing specialists, communication companies (such as Twilio
              to send SMS messages to you), customer relationship management
              platforms (such as Salesforce), the people that manage our website
              or support platform on our behalf, third party payment providers
              (such as Stripe), computer services (like our cloud storage
              services provider AWS and collaboration tools such as third party
              generative AI tools including, but not limited to, Microsoft Azure
              (Open AI)) and third party mailing providers (such as Mandrill).
Organisations that we work with
: such as our
              business partners, which include integrators
Internal third parties
: our affiliated companies.
Other third parties
: third parties to whom we may
              choose to sell, transfer or merge parts of our business or our
              assets. Alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or
              merge with them. If a change happens to our business, then the new
              owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in
              this privacy notice.
The Government
: where the law tells us to do so
              or to help them with any investigations.
Police, law enforcement and security services
: to
              help them with any investigation, prevention of crime or matter of
              national security.
We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal
          data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We do not allow our
          third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own
          purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for
          specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.This
          ensures that we do not allow any third-party generative AI tool
          providers which we use in our services to train their models using
          your data (including personal).
How long will we keep your personal data for?
By law we have to keep basic information about our customers
          (including Contact, Identity and Transaction Data) for six years after
          they cease being customers for tax purposes or after we were last in
          contact with you.
In some circumstances you can ask us to delete your data: see
Your rights to your personal data and complaints
below for further information.
In some circumstances we will anonymise your personal data (so that it
          can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical
          purposes, in which case we may use this information indefinitely
          without further notice to you.
Your rights to your personal data and complaints
You’re entitled to know what personal information we hold about you
          and how that information is processed, which means you can ask us to
          do any of the following things:
to provide access to your data;
to rectify any mistakes relating to your data;
to erase your data;
to stop processing your data;
to receive an electronic copy of your data;
to object to our processing of your data;
to object to any automated decision making that we may do using
              your personal data; and
(automatic) to receive a notification of any breach of your
              personal data.
Just let us know (see
Contact
section below) if you’d
          like to exercise any of your rights.
If you’re unhappy with how any access request has been dealt with, you
          have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner by calling
          their helpline:
0303 123 1113
or starting a
          live chat at
https://ico.org.uk/concerns/
.
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to
          exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable
          fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive.
          Alternatively, we could refuse to comply with your request in these
          circumstances.
We may need to request specific information from you to help us
          confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal
          data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security
          measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person
          who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for
          further information in relation to your request to speed up our
          response.
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month.
          Occasionally it could take us longer than a month if your request is
          particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this
          case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
Changes to the privacy policy and your duty to inform us of changes
We keep our privacy policy under regular review.
It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate
          and current. Please keep us informed if your personal data changes
          during your relationship with us.
Third-party links
This website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and
          applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections
          may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not
          control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their
          privacy statements. When you leave our website, we encourage you to
          read the privacy policy of every website you visit.
More information about who we are and contact details
We welcome any queries or enquiries or requests in respect of this
          notice, you can contact us by sending us an email on: dpo@dext.com.
Dext has a number of Data Controllers in the Dext group. However for
          the purposes of our customers, your Data Controller will be Dext
          Software Limited. The details of our data controller registrations are
          as follows:
Data Controller Name
ICO Registration Number
Company Registration Number and Address
Dext Software Limited
Z2469310
a limited company registered in England and Wales with
                registered number 7361080, and registered office at Unit 1.2
                Techspace Shoreditch, 25 Luke Street, London, EC2A 4DS
Hatch Apps Limited
ZA478825
a limited company registered in England and Wales with
                registered number 09866038, and registered office at Unit 1.2
                Techspace Shoreditch, 25 Luke Street, London, EC2A 4DS
Dext Bidco Limited
ZB704952
a limited company registered in England and Wales with
                registered number 13249219, and registered office at Unit 1.2
                Techspace Shoreditch, 25 Luke Street, London, EC2A 4DS