Home
ON AIR
4
Events
ARCHIVE
FEI.TV
ACADEMY
Auctions
Marketplace
Login
More information
Test for free
ON AIR
4
Events
ARCHIVE
FEI.TV
ACADEMY
Auctions
Marketplace
More
ON AIR
4
Events
ARCHIVE
FEI.TV
ACADEMY
Auctions
Marketplace
CMH.TV
Login
Test for free
PRIVACY STATEMENT
(AS OF 01.03.2024)
In accordance with Art. 12, 13, 14 and 21 of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
            and § 13 of the German Tele Media Act (TMG) we inform you below how your personal data
            are handled when using our website
www.clipmyhorse.tv
.
OWNER
Owner in the sense of data protection law is:
ClipMyHorse.TV Operations GmbH
Wandersmannstr. 68
65205 Wiesbaden
E-Mail: dataprivacy@clipmyhorse.tv
Via these contact data, you will reach our
Data Protection Officer Gina Bleckmann from Fresh Compliance GmbH 
                or another contact with data protection responsibility
. Please feel free to contact us at any time 
                if you have any concrete questions about your data, data erasure, or your rights.
PURPOSE AND LEGAL BASIS FOR DATA PROCESSING
General
The purpose of data processing and the corresponding legal basis is detailed in the following.
Insofar as data processing takes place between you and an event 
                host (e.g. regarding the recording of participants’ lists, collecting data about 
                the owners of the horses), the circumstances of data processing and - if applicable - 
                consents or other legal bases are governed exclusively by the event hosts’ data protection regulations.
USING OUR WEBSITE FOR INFORMATION PURPOSES ONLY
You can visit our website without disclosing personal data. If you use our website for 
                information purposes only, i.e. without registering, logging in or otherwise 
                transmitting personal data, we will not collect any personal data 
                except the data transmitted by your browser to allow for your visit to our website, and information 
                transmitted to us via the cookies used.
Technical provision of the website
For the purposes of the technical provision of the website, we need to process certain 
                automatically transmitted information from you so that your browser can display our 
                website and you can use the website. With each access to our website, this information 
                is collected automatically and saved to our server log files. This information relates 
                to the computer system of the computer calling up our website. The following 
                information is collected in this process:
IP address:
Browser type/version (e.g.: Internet Explorer 6.0);
Browser language (e.g.: German);
Operating system used (e.g.: Windows XP);
Internal resolution of the browser window;
display resolution;
Java script activation;
Java on / off;
Cookies on / off;
colour depth;
time of access.
We furthermore use cookies to make our website available for your use. 
                Cookies are text files that are stored in the Internet browser or by the Internet browser on your 
                computer system when you access a website. A cookie contains a characteristic sequence of characters 
                allowing for unique identification of the browser when accessing the website the next time. 
                We use these cookies to make our website with its technical functions available to you. 
                Using cookies is mandatory for some of the functions of our website; for this reason, 
                these cookies are strictly necessary for the operation of our website. These cookies 
                store the following information and transmit it to us:
cookie ID;
session information;
declaration of consent for the use of the cookie.
On our website, we use three types of cookies:
Strictly necessary cookies (we need these, for example, to display the website 
                    correctly for you and to cache certain settings)
Preference cookies (these enable our website to store information that changes 
                    the behavior or appearance of the website, e.g. your preferred language or the region you are in)
Functional and performance cookies (these help us, for example, to evaluate technical 
                    data from your visit to ClipMyHorse.TV and thus avoid error messages)
Advertising and analytics cookies/marketing cookies (these register your previous search, for example 
                    for riding shoes, and will accordingly show you advertisements for riding shoes when you next access our website)
You can configure, block and erase cookies in your browser settings. If you erase all cookies from our 
                website, some functions of the website may not be displayed correctly. 
                The Bundesamt für Sicherheit in der Informationstechnik (German Federal Office for Information Security) 
                provides helpful information and instructions for the most common browsers:
https://www.bsi-fuer-buerger.de/BSIFB/DE/Empfehlungen/EinrichtungSoftware/EinrichtungBrowser/Sicherheitsmassnahmen/Cookies/cookies_node.html
Data recipient
In keeping with the descriptions and purposes described above, we share your data with the following recipients 
                that are vital for our providing our offer to you and communicating with you:
Sentry
We use the service provider Sentry (Sentry, 1501 Mariposa St #408, San Francisco, CA 94107, USA) 
                to improve the technical stability of our service by monitoring the system stability and 
                detecting code errors. Sentry is used exclusively for these goals and does not evaluate 
                data for promotional purposes. Users’ data such as information on the device or time of 
                an error are collected anonymously and erased afterwards. The data processing takes 
                place in the USA. For more information, refer to Sentry’s privacy 
                statement:
https://sentry.io/privacy/
.
Consent may only be given by users over the age of 16. If you are younger, 
                please ask your parents or legal guardian for permission.
Google Analytics
For static analysis of how our website is used, we use the service provider Google Analytics 
                (Google Ireland Ltd. headquartered in Gordon House Barrow Street Dublin 4 Ireland) 
                to place cookies that permit us to analyze your surfing behavior, 
                comparable to audience rating in television. This helps us to improve the quality of our 
                website and contents. We learn how the website is used so that we can continuously 
                optimize our web offer. Depending on your location, your data will either be 
                processed in the European Union or in the USA. For more information, 
                please refer to Google’s
privacy statement
.
This website uses Google Analytics with the extension “_anonymizeIp()”.
As a result, IP addresses are further processed in abbreviated form, 
                so that direct personal references can be excluded. 
                You can find more information on the terms of use and 
                data protection of Google Analytics at
http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/de.html
or
https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/
.
Hotjar
This website uses Hotjar, a analysis software of Hotjar Ltd. (“Hotjar”) 
                (
http://www.hotjar.com
, Level 2, St Julian's 
                Business Centre, 3, Elia Zammit Street, St Julian's STJ 1000, Malta, Europe). 
                Hotjar allows us to measure and evaluate how users behave on our website 
                (clicks, mouse movements, scrolling heights, etc.). The information about your 
                visit to our website generated by the "tracking code" and "cookie" is transmitted to 
                the Hotjar servers in Ireland and stored there.
You can prevent the collection of data by Hotjar by clicking on the following link and 
                following the instructions:
Hotjar Opt-out
With your consent, we use cookies to distribute our content on the internet, 
                i.e. to display the content of our website on other web pages or on social media.
Google AdWords and Google Conversion Tracking
We use the online promotion program “Google AdWords” and, in the frame of Google AdWords, 
                Conversion Tracking. Google Conversion Tracking is an analysis service of Google Inc. 
                (1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA; “Google”). When you click on an 
                ad placed by Google, a Conversion Tracking cookie is placed on your computer. 
                These cookies become invalid after 30 days, do not comprise any personal data and 
                thus cannot be used to identify individual persons.
The information collected via Conversion cookies is used to generate Conversion statistics 
                for AdWords customers who chose to use Conversion Tracking. 
                The customers learn the total number of users who clicked on their ad and were redirected to a 
                website fitted with a Conversion Tracking tag. However, they will not receive any information that 
                allows them to identify individual users.
Google Tag Manager and Google Publisher Tags
Our website uses the Google Tag Manager. The Google Tag Manager is a solution that allows 
                marketers to manage website tags via an interface. The Google Tag Manager service 
                triggers other tags, which in turn may collect data. Depending on your location, 
                your data will either be processed in the European Union or in the USA. 
                For more information, please refer to Google’s
privacy statement
.
Facebook Pixel and links to social media sites
Facebook Pixel can track the behavior of users who have been redirected to the provider’s 
                website after having clicked on a Facebook ad. This process evaluates the efficacy of Facebook ads for 
                statistics and market research purposes and can help to optimize future advertising measures. 
                The data are collected anonymously and do not allow us to draw any conclusions on the users’ identity. 
                However, Facebook saves and processes the data so that a connection to the respective user profile is 
                possible; also, Facebook can use the data for its own promotional purposes in compliance with the 
                Facebook regulations on use of data (
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
). 
                You can enable Facebook and its partners to place advertisements on and outside of Facebook. 
                A cookie may also be stored on your computer for these purposes.
Consent to the use of visitor action Pixel may only be given by users over the age of 16. 
                If you are younger, please ask your parents or legal guardian for permission. 
                Please click here to revoke your consent:
LINK
or send an e-mail to support@clipmyhorse.tv
Our website does not use any social plug-ins. We only place a link to the respective social 
                media website (e.g. www.facebook.com) and to our presence there.
Reviews via Trustpilot
We use the Trustpilot rating tool to receive and publish customer reviews. 
                These reviews are on a voluntary basis. To permit the use of Trustpilot, we will disclose your email address, 
                your name, your language settings and our internal booking number to Trustpilot A/S, 
                Pilestræde 58, 5,1112 Copenhagen, Denmark. If you participate in this rating system 
                (prior registration is required for this), your rating will be published on our website and on the 
                websites of Trustpilot and its partners in accordance with Trustpilot's requirements. For reviews via 
                the Trustpilot review service, the terms and conditions and data protection provisions of Trustpilot apply. 
                Please refer to
https://legal.trustpilot.com
.
We process your personal data to send invitation emails for ratings on the 
                basis of your consent in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a) GDPR.
We only disclose such data as are required to execute the mutual contract, or in accordance with your consent 
                granted for example in the frame of our Newsletter or cookie banner. If no contract has been concluded yet, 
                we disclose the data in certain cases in the frame of our justified interests. This is applicable for example 
                also when you wish to visit our website or to contact us. When you visit our website, it is in our mutual 
                interest to provide access to our offer and the chance to communicate with each other.
We also concluded data processing agreements with all external recipients in order to comply with European 
                legal requirements. Depending on your location, some of the above-mentioned service providers – if specified 
                accordingly – will also transfer your data to the United States or other third countries. 
                The European Court of Justice decided that the United States have an equivalent level of data protection. 
                To meet all the requirements, we concluded additional contracts on data processing, the so-called standard contractual clauses. 
                Furthermore, we investigate every service provider in cooperation with our Data Protection Officer 
                and ensure that additional safety measures are available, for example powerful data encryption.
Active use of the website
In addition to the pure use of our website for information purposes, you can also actively use
                our website in order to come into contact with us or to register either for the free-of-charge
                and restricted services or for the fee-based and more extensive services and to use them as
                a registered user. In addition to the processing of your personal data in a use for information
                purposes as detailed above, we then collect and process further personal data from you
                which we require for the processing of your registration, for invoicing, for the provision of the
                registration-based services and, in the case of a contact enquiry, for the response to your
                enquiry.
User enquiries
To handle inquiries sent to us via contact form or message to our email address and to reply to them, 
                we will process your personal data disclosed to us in this context. 
                This generally includes your first name, surname and e-mail address in order to send you a reply, 
                as well as any other information that you disclose to us in the frame of your message. The purpose of the data 
                requested is to contact you or communicate with you, which is why the data is only used for this purpose.
Depending on the inquiry, we will process your personal data for the execution of pre-contractual measures 
                pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b) GDPR or for safeguarding our legitimate interests pursuant to 
                Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. f GDPR; our legitimate interest lies in the proper replying to customers’ inquiries.
Newsletter
If you wish to subscribe to our newsletter, you need to specify the email address to which our newsletter 
                should be sent. For mailing our newsletter, we use the “Mailjet” service from Mailjet 
                (13-13bis, rue de l’Aubrac, 75012 Paris, France). In the context of this service, only the data disclosed 
                by you in order to receive the newsletter will be processed (e.g. email address, surname, first name). 
                For Mailjet’s privacy statement, refer to
https://www.mailjet.de/privacy-policy/
.
Consent to the newsletter is given according to the so-called "double opt-in" procedure, 
                i.e. first you activate a checkbox on our site that confirms that you wish to receive the newsletter, 
                then you receive a confirmation email. Only clicking on the corresponding link in this confirmation email 
                will include you in the list of newsletter recipients.
Of course you can unsubscribe from the newsletter at any time and revoke th previously granted consent for the future. 
                To do this, please click on the respective button in the newsletter mailed to you, send a email to support@ClipMyHorse.tv, 
                or click on the button at
www.clipmyhorse.tv/newsletter/unsubscribe
.
We process your personal data for the purpose of receiving the newsletter on the basis of your consent 
                in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a) GDPR.
Participation in a survey
We will process your personal data (name, email address, user history) also for the purpose of direct marketing and to 
                ask you every now and then on clipmyhorse.tv to participate in surveys (e.g. on your favorite riding discipline). 
                This includes the mailing of information on our latest campaigns and the request to participate in surveys so 
                that we can adjust the clipmyhorse.tv service portfolio better to your requirements as a customer. 
                To carry out the surveys, we use the “Typeform” service. Your data will be processed on the basis of our 
                legitimate interest in the direct marketing and in the surveys pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f) GDPR.
We will save your data as long as we have an interest in the marketing activity, or until you object to the 
                use of your personal data. In this case, your data will be erased or, if legal retention periods apply, 
                blocked for further processing. You have the right to object to the processing of your personal data for 
                direct marketing purposes at any time. If you object, we will no longer use your data for direct marketing and surveys. 
                To execute your right to object, please contact us at: dataprivacy@clipmyhorse.tv
Log-in for using services subject to registration
Registration and provision of the services
Clipmyhorse.tv and certain free videos are available free of charge and without registration for (limited) use. 
                Alternatively, you can register for purchase of a fee-based access for unlimited use of all services 
                available on clipmyhorse.tv. By using our fee-based performance following registration, other services and 
                functionalities of our website will be activated for you. If you are accessing our website from a mobile end 
                device (e.g. tablet or smartphone), free use of clipmyhorse.tv is possible for a limited time only; after that, 
                you need to purchase a fee-based access for continued use to the services.
In the context of your registration for the selected services and the rendering of our performance, we will process the following data:
E-mail address
Form of address
First name and surname
Company if applicable
Street address
Additional address information if applicable
P.O. code
Town
Federal state/cantonif applicable
Country
VAT tax ID if applicable
Telephone no. if applicable
Legal age
An additional delivery address if applicable
Bank data (IBAN, BIC, bank, account holder’s name)
We will then ask you to select the payment method and provide the relevant data, which we will process for 
                the purpose of providing the fee-based services.
Once you have fully concluded the registration and payment—which is necessary for fee-
                based services–has been transacted, the services selected by you will be activated and
                remain in this state until you cancel the services.
We process your personal data for the performance of the services requiring registration for the 
                fulfillment of a contract or for the implementation of pre-contractual measures in 
                accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b) GDPR.
Payment
We use the following payment service providers for payment handling:
PayPal
(Europe) S.à r.l. et Cie, S.C.A., 22-24 Boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg
Stripe
Payments Europe, Limited (SPEL), 1 Grand Canal Street Lower, Grand Canal Dock Dublin, D02 H210 Ireland
CHARGEBEE B.V.
, Piet Heinkade 55, 1019GM Amsterdam
For payment handling, we transmit the following data:
IBAN
BIC
Country
First name, surname
For more information, please go the respective privacy statements at:
Privacy Policy
PayPal
Privacy Policy
Stripe
Privacy Policy
Chargebee
We process your personal data for the performance of the services requiring registration for the 
                fulfillment of a contract or for the implementation of pre-contractual measures in accordance with 
                Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b) GDPR.
Legal age
When you register for a membership account with clipmyhorse.tv, we ask you to answer the question whether 
                you are of legal age by checking a box; we do not ask you to enter your date of birth. If you complete this 
                mandatory step by checking the respective box, we only save the information that you are of legal age, but 
                not your date of birth or your actual age.
We process your personal data for the performance of the services requiring registration for the 
                fulfillment of a contract or for the implementation of pre-contractual measures in 
                accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b) GDPR.
Playing videos and live streams and using the media library
When you use the services on clipmyhorse.tv, in particular when you watch the videos that have been activated for you, 
                we collect data that cannot be traced back to individual users as part of the analysis tools described above, and 
                the user profile we have created about you is enriched with the information generated by your use of the 
                services (e.g. which videos were watched by the user, in which order, etc.). 
                In this case, no cookies are generated.
We process your personal data for the performance of the services requiring registration for the fulfillment of a 
                contract or for the implementation of pre-contractual measures in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b) GDPR.
Compliance with legal regulations
On our website, we use affiliate network technologies by CJ Affiliate 
                (
https://www.cj.com
), a service of Conversant Europe Ltd. 
                The legal basis for this is our legitimate interest (i.e. interest in the economically efficient operation of our online 
                product portfolio in the meaning of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f. GDPR). If you are redirected to our website via an 
                advertisement from a website that is part of the affiliate network ("network"), this fact is stored in a cookie 
                that the operator of the website places on your computer. The cookie contains a randomly generated ID (pseudonym). 
                If you make a purchase on our website or return to the website within a certain period of time, the 
                network partner can recognize you via the ID and assign the purchase to the network. However, the ID or 
                information on purchases cannot be linked to you individually. We do not combine this information with other 
                personal data and do not pass on any personal data to third parties.
If you do not want information about your behavior to be used by CJ Affiliate as explained above, you can refuse the 
                setting of a cookie required for this – for example, by setting your browser to generally disable the automatic 
                cookie placement – or you can delete the cookie. For details on how CJ Affiliate uses your data and your 
                right to object, please refer to the company’s privacy statement:
https://www.cj.com/legal/privacy-policy-services-de?hsLang=en
Categories of Recipients
As explained in the above descriptions and purposes, we disclose your data only to those other 
                recipients who perform services for us in connection with our website. Here, we limit the 
                disclosure of your personal data to the minimum necessary to make the services requiring 
                registration available for your use. In some cases, our service providers receive your 
                personal data as processors; as such, they are strictly bound by our instructions when 
                handling your personal data. In some cases, the recipients handle your data disclosed to 
                them independently.
Below, please find the categories of the recipients of your personal data:
Payment service providers and banks, for payment handling,
IT service providers for administration purposes and for hosting our website (also refer to the list and description),
Collection agencies and legal advisers, for asserting our claims.
Specifically, we use the following IT service providers for the services described below:
Zendesk
For handling customer inquiries via telephone, we use the ticket system “Zendesk” by Zendesk Inc. 
                        (1019 Market St, San Francisco, CA 94103, U.S.A.). When you contact us, the data required for 
                        replying to the contact inquiry will be collected (name, first name, telephone number, email). 
                        We will use your personal data transmitted for this purpose exclusively for replying to your 
                        contact inquiry. For Zendesk Inc.’s privacy statement, refer to
https://www.zendesk.de/company/customers-partners/privacy-policy/?_ga=2.91941658.1061004003.1524063401-1063456244.1524063401
.
Unbounce
We use the “Unbounce” service from unbounce Marketing Solutions Inc. 
                        (400-401 West Georgia Street, Vancouver BC, Canada V6B 5A1) as a host for single, 
                        smaller web pages. When you visit these pages (“landing pages”), your browser 
                        communicates with the service provider. Your IP address will be transmitted to this 
                        host, and cookies are placed (for general information on cookies, refer to 3.2.1.1 
                        above in this Privacy Statement). For this service provider’s privacy statement, refer to
https://unbounce.com/privacy/
.
TRANSFER TO THIRD COUNTRIES
We have also concluded data processing agreements with all external recipients in order to 
                comply with European legal requirements. Depending on your location, some of the 
                above-mentioned service providers – if indicated – will also transfer your data 
                to the United States or other third countries. The European Court of Justice 
                decided that the United States have an equivalent level of data protection. 
                To meet all the requirements, we concluded additional contracts on data processing, 
                the so-called standard contractual clauses. Furthermore, we investigate every service 
                provider in cooperation with our Data Protection Officer and ensure that additional 
                safety measures are available, for example powerful data encryption.
STORAGE PERIOD
USING OUR WEBSITE FOR INFORMATION PURPOSES ONLY
If you use our website exclusively for information purposes, we will save your personal 
                data to our servers only for the duration of your visit to our website. 
                Your personal data will be erased immediately after your visit. 
                Server log files are generally stored for a period of 365 days.
Cookies installed by us will be placed for a period of 90 days and will be erased automatically after that.
Deviating from the ninety-days storage period, to cookies listed below will be s
                tored for the respectively specified storage periods:
CookieConsent: 365 days
_ga: 729 days
_gads: 729 days
_gaexp: 64 days
IDE: 389 days
fr: 89 days
Generally, you can erase the placed cookies at any time yourself, as described above. 
                Your data will also be blocked or erased if a storage period prescribed by law expires, 
                unless there is a need for further storage of the data for the conclusion or fulfillment of a contract.
Certain data may have to be stored for longer for legal reasons. This applies primarily to storage periods 
                stipulated under commercial, trade, or tax law. You can of course request 
                information about the stored data at any time.
ACTIVE USE OF THE WEBSITE
When you actively use our website, we initially store your personal data for the duration of the 
                response to your inquiry or for the duration of our business relationship. 
                This also includes the initiation of a contract (pre-contractual legal relationship) and the execution of a contract.
Then, we additionally save your personal data until any legal claims arising from the 
                relationship with you become statute-barred in order to use it as evidence if necessary. 
                Usually, the limitation period is between 12 and 36 months, but it can also be up to 30 years.
We will erase your personal data when the limitation period expires, unless there is a 
                statutory retention obligation, for example under the German Commercial Code 
                (Sections 238, 257 (4) HGB) or the German Fiscal Code (Section 147 (3), (4) AO). 
                The statutory retention obligation may apply for two to ten years.
UPLOAD OF IMAGES TO HORSE PROFILE PAGES
I confirm that I have permission to use the uploaded photos, and they do not violate any copyright laws. 
                ClipMyHorse.TV does not accept responsibility for any fines arising from illegal use. 
                The most recent upload will replace the current profile and cover images. 
                ClipMyHorse.TV uses the uploaded images to present horses in an appealing way.
YOUR RIGHTS AS A DATA SUBJECT
Pursuant to the statutory requirements, you have the following rights as a data subject that you can assert against us:
Right to information
In accordance with Art. 15 GDPR, you are entitled at any time to obtain confirmation from us as to 
                        whether we are processing personal data concerning you; where this is the case, you are also 
                        entitled in accordance with Art. 15 GDPR to receive information about this personal data and 
                        certain other information (including processing purposes, categories of personal data, categories of recipients, 
                        envisaged storage period, your rights, the origin of the data, the use of automated decision-making and, 
                        in the case of third country transfer, the appropriate safeguards) and a copy of your data.
Right to Rectification:
In accordance with Art. 16 GDPR, you have the right to obtain from us the rectification 
                        of inaccurate personal data concerning you.
Right to Erasure:
In accordance with Art. 17 GDPR, you have the right to obtain from us the erasure of 
                        personal data concerning you without undue delay. The right to erasure does not apply to the 
                        extent that processing is necessary (i) for exercising the right of freedom of expression and 
                        information, (ii) for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject 
                        (e.g. statutory retention obligations), or (iii) for the establishment, exercise or 
                        defense of legal claims.
Right to Restriction of Processing:
In accordance with Art. 18 GDPR, you have the right to obtain from us the restriction of processing your personal data.
Right to Data Portability:
In accordance with Art. 20 GDPR, you have the right to receive the personal data concerning 
                        you which you have provided to us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format.
Right to withdraw:
You have the right to withdraw your previously granted consent to processing 
                        personal data at any time with effect for the future.
Right to Object:
In accordance with Art. 21 GDPR, you have the right object against the 
                        processing of your personal data so that we have to terminate processing your personal data. 
                        The right to object only exists within the limits specified in Art. 21 GDPR. In addition, 
                        our interests may conflict with the termination of processing, so that we are entitled to 
                        process your personal data despite your objection.
Where your personal data are processed for direct marketing purposes, 
                        you have the right to object at any time to processing of personal data concerning 
                        you for such marketing. Where you object to processing for direct marketing purposes, 
                        the personal data shall no longer be processed for such purposes.
Right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority:
In accordance with Art. 77 GDPR, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a 
                        supervisory authority, in particular in the Member State of your habitual residence, 
                        place of work or place of the alleged infringement if you consider that the processing of 
                        personal data relating to you infringes the GDPR. The right to complain exists without 
                        prejudice to any other administrative or judicial remedy.
The supervisory authority responsible for us is:
Der Hessische Datenschutzbeauftragte
Gustav-Stresemann-Ring 1
65189 Wiesbaden, Germany
AUTOMATED DECISION-MAKING / PROFILING
We do not use automated decision-making or profiling (automated analysis of your personal circumstances).