Cookie Policy
We use cookies to improve your experience. We take your privacy very seriously. Please see our privacy policy for details and any questions.
Learn more
Opt-out
Allow cookies
Learn more about our technology and shipping tools and
start your free trial now
Products
Vessels
Ports
News
About
About
Community
Log in
English
German
Log in
EN
/
DE
Privacy Policy
Last updated: January 2023
vesseltracker.com GmbH (“vesseltracker” or “we”) respects your concerns about privacy. This Online Privacy Notice (the “Notice”) applies to personal data we collect on www.vesseltracker.com (the “Site”). The Notice describes the types of personal data we obtain, how we use the personal data, and with whom we share it. We also describe the rights you may have and how you can contact us about our privacy practices.
vesseltracker.com is the data controller in respect of personal data that we collect through the Site or that you provide to us.  Our contact details, as well as the contact details of our Data Protection Officer can be found at the How To Contact Us section at the end of this Notice.
1. How We Obtain Information About You
We may collect personal data that you choose to provide to us through the Site, including, but not limited to, your first and last name, physical address, e-mail address, or telephone number, such as when you:
Fill out a form on the Site;
Sign-up to receive direct marketing communications on the Site;
Sign-up to a feature that we offer on the Site and you provide your personal data in connection with that feature;
Attend an event that we or an affiliate has organised; or
Communicate with us (for example, on an social media platform or by sending us an email).
When you visit our Sites, we also may collect certain information by automated means using technologies such as cookies, non-cookie-based tokens, web server logs, tracking pixels, and web beacons. Cookies are files that websites send to your computer or other Internet-connected device to identify your browser uniquely or to store information or settings in your browser. Your browser may tell you when you receive certain types of cookies and how to restrict or disable certain cookies. Please note, however, that without cookies, you may not be able to use all of the features of our Site and may not be able to purchase products that use a “shopping cart.” You can order any product by telephone by calling Customer Service at +49 (0) 40 97 07 86 10. Non-cookie-based tokens are encoded URL-based identifiers that track e-mail click-thru activity or time-sensitive password reset keys and will work in scenarios where cookies are disabled or a session has not been initiated.
We may also collect personal data in other contexts that we will notify you of at the time.
2. Information We Obtain
Information That You Provide to Us
Personal data that you provide directly to us will be apparent from the context in which you provide it, for example:
If you fill out a form on our Site, you will generally provide your name, contact details and any other information requested by the form, such as the reason for your enquiry or your product preferences;
If you sign up to receive electronic marketing communications from us, you will generally provide your name, email address and other contact information, and your product preferences;
If you sign up to a feature on our Site, you will generally provide your name and contact information and any other information necessary to access the feature.
Each form on our Site varies in the information required and collected. In most cases, an asterisk (*) indicates the required information on a form. You may choose to provide additional information within fields that are not required.
Information That We Collect Automatically
Our web servers may log information such as your operating system type, browser type, domain, and other system settings, as well as the language your system uses and the country and time zone where your device is located. The web server logs may also record information such as the address of the web page that referred you to our Sites and the IP address of the device you use to connect to the Internet. They may also log information about your interaction with the Sites, such as which pages you visit. To control which web servers collect information by automated means, we may place tags called “web beacons” — small files that link web pages to particular web servers and their cookies. We may also collect information from your browser, such as your browsing history, and use it in conjunction with data gathered from forms and e-mails to help us understand and respond to your needs.
“Do Not Track” Signals
Your browser settings may allow you to transmit a “Do Not Track” signal to websites and online services you visit. Like many other websites and online services, we do not currently process or respond to “Do Not Track” signals from your browser or to other mechanisms that enable choice. Both we and others (such as our service providers) may collect personal data about our visitors’ online activities over time and across third-party websites.
Information That We Obtain From Third Parties
Information that we collect from third parties will generally consist of publicly-available profile information (such as your preferences and interests), for example from public social media posts.
3. How We Use Information That We Obtain
Information That You Provide to Us
We may use personal data that you provide to us to respond to your inquiry, for example, to contact you about your request, ask a question, provide announcements about products and future events, conduct surveys, consider your application for employment or for another relationship, such as local partner and contact you for other reasons related to offering and improving our services.  We use the personal data for these purposes because we have a legitimate business interest in providing services to our customers and other interested individuals that is not overridden by your interests, rights and freedoms to protect personal data about you. The legal basis for data processing is GDPR sec. 6 para 1 lit. f.
If you register for the use of one of our products, we process your personal data also to provide these. The legal basis for this is GDPR sec. 6 para 1 lit. b, the processing for the fulfilment of our contractual obligations or pre-contractual measures.
In addition to the uses discussed above, we may also use the personal data you provide on our Site to:
operate, evaluate, and improve our business;
develop new products and services;
determine the effectiveness of our advertising and marketing;
analyze our products, services, and websites;
administer the Site.
We use the personal data for the purposes described above because we have a legitimate interest in operating and improving our business that is not overridden by your interests, rights and freedoms to protect personal data about you. The legal basis for data processing is GDPR sec. 6 para 1 lit. f.
We may also use the information to protect against and prevent fraud, claims, and other liabilities and to comply with or enforce applicable legal requirements, industry standards, and our policies and terms. We use personal data for these purposes when it is necessary to protect, exercise or defend our legal rights, or when we are required to do so by law that applies to us.
Information That We Collect Automatically
We use personal data that we collect automatically through cookies, non-cookie-based tokens, web beacons, and other automated means for purposes such as customizing and enhancing our visitors' visits to the Site, facilitating use of the Sites, collecting statistics about your visits to the Site, and understanding the manner in which our visitors browse the Site. We also use the information to help diagnose technical and service problems, administer the Site, and identify visitors to the Site. We use clickstream data to determine how much time visitors spend on web pages of the Site, how visitors navigate through the Site, and how we may tailor the Site to meet the needs of our visitors. We use the personal data for the purposes described above because we have a legitimate interest in operating and improving our Site that is not overridden by your interests, rights and freedoms to protect personal data about you.
Google Analytics
If you have agreed to the use of Google Analytics by clicking on "Allow cookies", we will use this web analysis service by Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, 4 Barrow St, Dublin, D04 E5W5, Ireland ("Google") for the purpose of demand-oriented design and continuous optimization of our sites.
 The legal basis for data processing is GDPR sec. 6 para 1 lit. a.
In this context, pseudonymised user profiles will be created and cookies will be used. The information on your use of our website created by the cookie such as:
browser type / version,
used operating system,
Referrer URL (the previously visited page),
the accessing computer’s host name of (IP address),
time of server request,
may be submitted to a server of Google in the USA and stored there. The information is used to evaluate the use of the website, to compile reports on the website activities and to provide further services associated with the use of the website and of the internet for the purposes of market research and demand-oriented design of these web pages.  This information may also be transferred to third parties if this is required by law or if third parties process this data on behalf of the company. Under no circumstances will your IP address be merged with other data from Google. The IP addresses will be anonymized so that an assignment is not possible (IP masking).
When you click on "Allow Cookies", your consent is stored in a cookie in your browser. You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. For this it is sufficient to delete the respective cookie in your browser.
Furthermore, you can prevent recording of data generated by the cookie relating to your use of the website (including your IP address) and its processing by Google when downloading and installing a browser-add-on
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.
Further information on data protection in connection with Google Analytics can be found at
https://marketingplatform.google.com/about/analytics/terms/us/.
To learn more about the cookies that vesseltracker uses on this Site, as well as to control your cookie settings on this Site, please read our
Cookie Policy.
reCaptcha
We also use the reCAPTCHA function of Google. ReCAPTCHA is able to distinguish between access by natural persons and access by bots. With the help of this tool we want to prevent abusive access to our website by so-called "bots". In particular, the user's IP address is transmitted to Google. The legal basis for data processing is GDPR sec. 6 para 1 lit. f. Our legitimate interest lies in the prevention of abuse of our offer. In the context of the use of Google reCAPTCHA, personal data may also be transmitted to the servers of Google LLC. in the USA.
Further information can be found at:
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
If you do not agree with the processing, you can object to this at
https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated.
Interactive map of Open Streets Maps
On this website we use Open Street Maps (OSM). OSM is a product of the Openstreetmap Foundation (132 Maney Hill Road, Sutton Coldfield, West Midlands, B72 1JU, UK). This allows us to display interactive maps directly on the website and enables you to conveniently use the map function.
By visiting the website, OSM receives information that you have accessed the corresponding subpage of our website. Further information on the purpose and scope of data collection and its processing by OSM can be found in the data protection declarations of the provider.
Youtube
We have included YouTube videos in our website, which are stored at
www.YouTube.com,
Google service, and can be played directly from our website. These are all integrated in the "extended data protection mode", i.e. no data about you as a user will be transmitted to YouTube if you do not play the videos. Data will only be transmitted, when you play the videos. We have no influence on this data transmission.
By visiting the website, YouTube receives the information that you have accessed the corresponding subpage of our website. This is independent of whether YouTube provides a user account through which you are logged in or whether no user account exists. If you are logged in to Google, your information will be directly associated with your account. If you do not wish to be associated with your profile on YouTube, you must log out before activating the button. YouTube stores your data as user profiles and uses them for purposes of advertising, market research and/or demand-oriented design of its website. Such an evaluation takes place in particular (even for users momentarily not logged-in) for the provision of demand-oriented advertising and for other users of the social network via your Activities on our web-site. You have the right to object to the creation of these user profiles; to exercise this right you must contact YouTube.
For more information on the purpose and scope of data collection and processing by YouTube, please refer to the privacy policy. There you will also find further information about your rights and setting options to protect your privacy:
https://policies.google.com/privacy.
Other Uses of Information
In addition to the uses described above, we may use personal data that you provide to us or that we collect for other purposes.  Where that is the case, we will provide an additional privacy notice to you that describes the purposes for which we will use the personal data and our legal basis for doing so.
4. Information We Share
We do not sell or otherwise disclose personal data that you provide to us or that we collect on our Site, except as described here. We may share personal data you provide to us or that we collect on the Site with:
Other Wood Mackenzie affiliate companies
Sponsors of our Events; and
Service providers that perform services on our behalf.
We may share personal data with our affiliates for a number of reasons, including because you have requested information about our affiliates’ products and services.
In addition, we may disclose personal data about you:
(a) if we are required or permitted to do so by law or legal process, for example due to a court order or a request from a law enforcement agency,
(b)  when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss,
(c)  in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual fraudulent or other illegal activity, and
(d)  in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets (including in the event of a reorganization, dissolution, or liquidation).
5. Data Transfers
We may transfer the personal data that we collect about you to recipients in countries other than the country in which the personal data originally was collected. Those countries may not have the same data protection laws as the country in which you initially provided the personal data. When we transfer your personal data to recipients in other countries (such as the U.S.), we will protect that personal data as described in this Notice.
If you are located in the UK, the European Economic Area (“EEA”) or Switzerland, we will comply with applicable legal requirements providing adequate protection for the transfer of personal data to recipients in countries outside of the EEA and Switzerland. In all such cases, we will only transfer your personal data if:
The country to which the personal data will be transferred has been granted a
European Commission adequacy decision
We have put in place appropriate safeguards in respect of the transfer, for example the
EU Model Contracts.
You may request a copy of the safeguards that we have put in place in respect of transfers of personal data by contacting us as described in the How To Contact Us section below.
6. How Long We Keep Information
The time period for which we keep personal data depends on the purpose for which we collected it. In all cases we keep it for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes for which we collected it. We will then delete the personal data, unless we are legally required to retain it or if we need to retain it in order to comply with our legal obligations (for example, for tax and accounting purposes).
Subject to any applicable legal requirements, we typically retain personal data as follows:
Personal data you provide to us through our Site: we keep this personal data for as long as necessary in order to respond to your request, and for a short further period in case you send us further requests.
Personal data you provide when you sign-up to receive direct marketing communications: we keep most of this personal data for the duration of our relationship with you until you opt-out or we do not have any contact with you for a long period of time.
Personal data collected for analytics purposes: we keep this personal data for a short period of time necessary for us to carry out the analytics.
Website logs: we keep Site audit logs, which may contain your personal data, for as long as necessary to fulfil the purpose for which it was collected.
7. Your Rights and Choices
If you are located in the UK, the, European Economic Area (“EEA”) or Switzerland, you may have the following rights in relation to personal data that we hold about you:
to obtain access to your personal data processed by us in accordance with GDPR sec. 15. In particular, you may obtain access to the purposes of the processing, the category of personal data, the categories of recipients to whom your data have been or will be disclosed, the envisaged storage period, the existence of a right to rectification, erasure, restriction of processing or objection, the existence of a right to lodge a complaint, the source of your data, if these have not been collected by us, and the existence of automated decision-making including profiling and, if applicable, meaningful information on their details;
to immediately request the rectification of inaccurate or completion of incomplete personal data stored by us in accordance with GDPR sec. 16;
to request the erasure of your personal data stored by us pursuant to GDPR sec. 17, unless the processing for the exercise of the right to freedom of expression and information, for the fulfilment of a legal obligation, for reasons of public interest or for assertion, exercise or defense of legal rights is required;
to demand the restriction of the processing of your personal data pursuant to GDPR sec. 18, as far as the accuracy of the data is contested by you, the processing is unlawful, but you reject its erasure and we no longer need the data, but you require this, for the exercise or defense of legal claims or you objected to processing pursuant to GDPR sec. 21;
to receive your personal data, which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format in accordance with GDPR sec. 20. or to demand transmission to another controller;
to object to your consent given pursuant to GDPR sec. 7 para 3 at any time. As a result, we are no longer allowed to continue processing data based on this consent in the future; and
to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority pursuant to GDPR sec. 77. As a rule, you can contact the supervisory authority of your habitual residence or place of work or place of business. You may contact us by e-mail or as described in the “How to Contact Us” section below to exercise your rights described above.
You can find the contact information of the data protection supervisory authority in your country
here for EU citizens
and
here for UK citizens.
8. Right to object:
If your personal data are processed based on legitimate interests pursuant to GDPR sec. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f, you have the right to object to the processing of your personal data pursuant to GDPR sec. 21, provided that there are reasons on grounds relating to your particular situation or the objection is directed against direct advertising. In the latter case, you have a general right of objection, which we will implement without specifying a particular situation. If you would like to make use of your right of revocation or objection, simply send an e-mail to info@vesseltracker.com.
9. Updates to Our Online Privacy Notice
We may update this Notice periodically and without prior notice to you to reflect changes in our personal data practices or relevant laws. We will post the updated version and indicate at the top of the notice when it was most recently updated.
10. How to Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments about this Notice or any issue relating to how we collect, use, or disclose personal data, or if you would like us to update information we have about you or your preferences, you may contact us:
By e-mail at: info@vesseltracker.com
In writing at:
vesseltracker.com GmbH
Rödingsmarkt 20
20459 Hamburg
Germany
Phone: +49-(0)40-970786-10
Our Data Protection Officer can be reached at the above-mentioned address, Att. Data Protection Officer, or by e-mail: datenschutz@vesseltracker.com.
Our UK Representative
If you are located in the United Kingdom (“UK”) and have any questions or comments about this Notice, any issue relating to your personal data, or if you would like us to update your preferences, you may contact our UK representative.
Please include your name and the name of the business (vesseltracker.com GmbH) to which your request refers.
By email at:
privacy@woodmac.com
In writing at:
Attention: Privacy Inquiries
Wood Mackenzie Ltd
Attention: Privacy Enquiries
22 Bishopsgate
London
EC2N 4BQ
United Kingdom
LOG IN
Remember me
Lost password?
Reset
Phishing Attack Warning
There are some links in social media, promising a free trial for
vesseltracker.com
. The linked website is being used for phishing and attempting to collect login data from vesseltracker users.
In order to keep you safe:
Please make sure that you only enter your login data on the real websites
www.vesseltracker.com
or
cockpit.vesseltracker.com
Make sure your browser shows a green lock in the address bar, indicating that it is a secure connection
Should you have entered login data somewhere else already, please change your password on the real website. To do this, please log in at
www.vesseltracker.com
, click on your username and then on "My vesseltracker". There you will find the option to change the password