Thank you for playing an Imangi Studios (“Imangi”, “we”, or “us”) game! Your privacy is important to us and we take our responsibility of caring for it seriously. This Privacy Policy describes what information Imangi collects when you use our products. By using our products, you consent to this policy. This policy may change from time to time, so please review it frequently. Your continued use of Imangi’s products signifies your acceptance of changes to this Privacy Policy.
1. INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Back to Top
The information we collect depends on what products you use and how you use them. The controller of the personal information collected is:
Imangi Studios LLC
4601 Six Forks Road
Suite 121, Raleigh, NC 27609.
A. Information You Give Us Directly
Back to Top
We collect information you provide us, including:
Information you provide when seeking help from us, such as your name, email address, and records of the issues you experience;
Information you provide when applying for a playtesting role or a position with Imangi;
Information you provide when completing a customer survey; and
Information you provide to enter a contest or sweepstakes. If you win, we may need to collect your social security number, postal address and/or national identification for eligibility, prizes delivery and tax purposes.
When you participate in social features through a Social Media Site, the information you disclose is public information. We may store and access it, and it may be read, copied, collected, or used by other users without your consent. Please make sure your privacy settings on the Social Media Sites you use reflect your preferences.
When you participate in online leaderboard components of our products, your in-game profile information, gameplay, and statistics may be visible to all.
B. Other Information We Collect When You Use Our Products
Back to Top
We collect other information automatically when you use our products, including:
IP address;
Mobile and other hardware or device identifiers or the advertising identifier;
Browser information, including your browser type and the language you prefer;
Referring and exit pages, including landing pages and pages viewed;
Platform type;
Your location, down to the resolution of city;
Information about your media, device, hardware and software, such as your hardware settings and components;
Details about what Imangi products you use and your use of them; and
Device event information, including crash reports, request and referral URLs and system activity details (e.g. whether you encountered an error playing our games or lost Internet access).
We may also collect and store information locally on your device, using mechanisms like cookies, browser web storage and application data caches.
To comply with local laws, we may need to collect your IP address to help us determine your country of residence. In that case, your IP address may be sent to a server that we control, for evaluation purposes, but will not be stored or further processed. We also use your device settings to determine the country where you are located as a way to respect privacy laws specific to your location. We do not collect your precise location, at a level more granular than your city, without your explicit consent.
C. Information Provided to Us by Third Parties
Back to Top
If you play or purchase our games or in-app purchases on your mobile device and/or tablet, we receive information about you from the app stores and other mobile platform providers. This information may include your username and/or device identification number and the fact that you made a purchase, for instance, but does not include any sensitive or financial information. Some of our mobile platforms also may send information to us that you authorize them to provide, through systems such as Google Play Services or Apple Game Center.
We may receive information from third parties, like Facebook or other Social Media Sites, when you use these services in connection with our products. We may also receive information about you when other players choose to share their contact lists with us. We also may receive information from third parties to supplement the information we receive from you. We use information from these companies primarily to help us deliver relevant advertising to you. A representative list of these types of third parties can be found below. We also may use information from third parties, for instance, to help us understand your approximate geolocation via your IP address for tax purposes, or to customize certain services to your location, and for fraud and/or abuse prevention purposes.
2. HOW WE COLLECT INFORMATION
Back to Top
We collect some information from you when you provide it to us directly, such as via an online form or when you communicate with our customer support team. We and third parties also use certain technologies, described below, to deliver positive customer experiences.
Our products change over time and those changes are reflected in new versions that are available to download from the Apple App Store, Google Play Store, Amazon App Store, and other official stores. Imangi recommends that you always use the latest version of our products to guarantee you have the most secure, privacy-oriented, and engaging experience possible.
For Temple Run, versions older than 1.7.0 (late May 2018) may not provide all of the privacy protections discussed in this document. Please update if you are using a version from before May 2018. You can find the version number on the Stats screen.
For Temple Run 2, versions older than 1.48.0 (late May 2018) may not provide all of the privacy protections discussed in this document. Please update if you are using a version from before May 2018. You can find the version number on the Settings screen.
Unsupported Imangi products may not provide all of the privacy protections discussed in this document. Your continued use of them indicates that you understand that your data may be collected by Imangi and third party partners and that you consent to that collection.
Imangi cannot guarantee the integrity of versions of products that are installed from unofficial channels and does not support, provide customer support, or provide privacy guarantees for those unofficial versions. If you are using a version of one of our products that was installed from an unofficial channel or is no longer supported, we encourage you to remove it from your device as soon as possible and install an officially distributed version.
A. Cookies and Similar Technologies
Back to Top
We use cookies and similar technologies to help us understand things like what web pages, features, or ads you view and what games you play. This information helps us measure the effectiveness of our advertising, make sure you don’t see the same ad repeatedly and otherwise enhance your user experience. We use other technologies for similar purposes as a cookie, such as web beacons, pixels and other similar technologies. Your Internet web browser enables you to opt out of tracking with cookies. Please visit
http://www.allaboutcookies.org
or the documentation for your individual web browser if you would like to learn more about managing your cookie preferences.
We use Internet log files (which contain technical data such as your IP address) to monitor traffic on our products, troubleshoot technical problems, detect and prevent fraud, and to enforce our Privacy Policy. Our legal basis for this collection and processing is to protect our legitimate business interests and therefore we do not seek consent to collect your information for these purposes. You may contact
privacy@imangistudios.com
if you have additional questions about these use cases.
B. Analytics Technologies
Back to Top
We use our own game servers and internal and third party analytic technologies to collect information about how you use our products, your computer or device and the health of our products.
For example, Imangi may collect and store data from your device when you use our products. This information includes technical and related information about your computer or device and operating system (such as IP address and device ID), information about your feature usage, gameplay and usage statistics and system interactions. If you play a game offline, this data will be stored on your device and may be transmitted to Imangi when your device connects to the Internet. If you participate in online components of our games, such as leaderboards, Imangi may also collect, use, store, transmit, and publicly display statistical data regarding game scores and achievements.
Third party analytics services integrated into our products may combine the information they collect in connection with Imangi’s services with information they have independently collected over time and across different websites and applications. Many of these companies collect and use information under their own privacy policies. A list of the third party analytics companies that operate in our products can be found in the Appendix below.
C. Ad Serving Technologies
Back to Top
Our products may employ ad serving technologies that use cookies, clear GIFs, web beacons, tracking pixels, and other similar technologies like identifiers to deliver offers to you. Some of these technologies can sync or connect behavior across different mobile apps, devices, and websites. The ads can be tailored to your interests. This is called interest-based advertising. For instance, you may be presented with an offer for a product we think you might enjoy. Or if you express interest in a game, you might receive an advertisement later for that game or similar products in Imangi games or in different mobile applications or on websites. Other in-game advertising technologies enable advertising to be temporarily uploaded to your mobile device or web browser and later replaced while you are online.
These technologies collect and use information so we can serve appropriate advertising to you and help track results and measure effectiveness. In addition to device advertising identifiers, this information includes:
Advertisements served and the location of the ad;
Length of time an advertisement was visible;
Domain type, IP address, size of the advertisement; and
Advertisement response.
Third party advertising companies may combine the information collected in the context of delivering an ad to you via our products with other information they have independently collected over time and across different products, websites, and services. Many of these companies collect and use information under their own privacy policies. A list of ad serving companies that operate their own networks in our games as well as how to opt out can be found below.
To learn more about some of these ad networks’ practices, see the Your Choices and Controls section below and read their privacy policies, linked in the Appendix below.
European Economic Area only. Prior to being shown ads in Imangi products, you will be asked whether you consent to the tracking that enables personalized ads. You have the right to change your consent status at any point in time. If you have questions about how to change your consent status or to inquire regarding your rights to erasure or data portability, please contact our privacy team at
privacy@imangistudios.com
.
California only. Prior to being shown ads in Imangi products, you will be asked to verify whether you are over the age of 16. If you are not, you will be asked whether you consent to the tracking that enables personalized ads. You have the right to change your consent status at any point in time. If you have questions about how to change your consent status or to inquire regarding your rights to erasure or data portability, please contact our privacy team at privacy@imangistudios.com.
D. Fraud Prevention Technologies
Back to Top
When you use an Imangi product, we or third parties may use cookies and similar technologies, or collect data about your machine or device, for fraud prevention, security, and authentication purposes. Our legal basis for collecting and processing your information for these purposes, without your consent, is that we consider them vital to protecting our legitimate business interests.
3. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
Back to Top
We use your personal and non-personal information, both individually and in aggregate, in the following ways:
To operate our business and to enhance and personalize your game experience, including to:
Operate, improve, and develop our games and services;
Populate online leaderboards and enable online challenges;
Help you find your friends or tell your friends about an Imangi product;
Facilitate sharing on social networks;
Serve and measure the effectiveness of advertising;
Measure the health of our services;
Provide game experiences customized to your preferences;
Facilitate your gameplay on multiple devices, when available;
Identify, fix, and troubleshoot bugs and service errors;
Provide software updates;
Save game progress and stats;
Adhere to your preferences and to deliver dynamic content; and
Help keep our services safe and fair, resolve disputes, investigate and help curb fraud and illegal behavior, comply with the law, and to enforce our agreements and policies.
To provide you support, including to:
Help identify and troubleshoot problems with your account or games;
To survey your opinions through surveys or questionnaires;
Communicate with you and respond to your specific requests or questions; and
Manage and send you confirmations and important information about your products.
To personalize our communications with you, including to:
Present offers or information relating to games you might like;
Make recommendations to you; and
Personalize advertising for you and deliver targeted marketing, service updates and promotional offers.
4. HOW WE PROCESS YOUR INFORMATION
Back to Top
Imangi uses analytics services to understand how users engage with our products. Our analysis relies on your consistent device identifier, or identifier for vendor (IDFV) on Apple devices, so that we can track your behavior over time and develop an understanding of how you prefer to interact with our products. If you have more than one Imangi product installed on your device, those products may share the same identifier value. This enables us to develop an understanding of how you engage with all of the Imangi products you have installed. The identifier value is provided to Imangi through the operating system on your device. In the course of processing your data, we may do any of the following:
Analyze your behavior in our products over time;
Analyze your behavior in aggregate;
Combine your information with the information of other players to create anonymized aggregate reports that allow us to understand large-scale behavior trends;
Analyze your information to understand how well our products perform on your device or to investigate bugs, crashes, and other technical issues;
Combine your information with the information of other players to create customer segments based on behavior in our products or location-based behavior;
Use analysis of your behavior in our products to provide you with customized gameplay experiences;
Use your device identifier to enroll you in an A/B test. An A/B test is a type of simple behavioral experiment wherein groups of users are provided with slightly different experiences in our products so that we can research and analyze which of the experiences is the most compelling to users of our products; and
Analyze your behavior in the context of an A/B test.
European Economic Area (EEA) Only:
Per requirements under the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), we log your consent state for compliance purposes. This information is stored on servers hosted in the EU and is used solely for GDPR compliance. Your device identifier is stored along with your consent status. If you consent to personalized advertising, your device advertising identifier also is stored in case we need to be able to access it to assist you with data portability or erasure requests. Your device advertising identifier is not stored in our consent logging database if you do not consent to personalized advertising.
5. INFORMATION WE SHARE WITH THIRD PARTIES
Back to Top
We do not share personal information that directly identifies you (such as your name, email, or postal address) with independent third parties without your consent, unless it is required by law or we determine that disclosure is critical to protect our rights, property, or operations or to protect our players or third parties. We may share anonymous (including pseudonymous identifiers) or aggregated information, or other data that does not directly identify you, with third parties, for instance your persona on leaderboards or to show trends about use of our products.
If you contact us via
support@imangistudios.com
or
privacy@imangistudios.com
your email will be processed through Google’s G Suite email service and forwarded to Zendesk for further processing.
We employ third parties located in and outside of your country of residence (including outside of the European Economic Area (EEA)) to collect or process personal information on our behalf for various reasons, such as conducting market surveys or analyzing gameplay event data. When our third party agents or service providers collect or receive personal information, we require that they use the data only on our behalf and for purposes consistent with this policy.
However, in the event of a reorganization, divestiture, merger, sale or bankruptcy, we may transfer all information we collect to the relevant third party and will obtain your consent to do so if required by law.
We do not control information sent from your browser to third parties, such as advertising networks and analytics companies that receive information in the normal course of your Internet activity. When third party technologies or social tools are integrated into our products, those third parties may collect information when you use our products. An example is the Facebook “Like” button.
European Economic Area (EEA) Only:
We use your device settings and SIM card registered country to determine whether we believe you are located in the EEA. That processing is done on your device.
If your device indicates that you are located in the EEA:
We prompt you for your age to determine whether you are old enough to lawfully consent to tracking of your device identifier and advertising identifier; and
If you are of legal age to consent in your country of residence, we prompt you for consent to serve personalized advertising.
6. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFER
Back to Top
Personal information we collect may be stored and processed for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy in the United States or any other country in which Imangi, its business partners, or third party agents operate. By using our products, you consent that your personal information may be transferred to recipients in the United States and other countries that may not offer the same level of privacy protection as the laws in your country of residence or citizenship.
7. HOW WE PROTECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Back to Top
We have put in place reasonable controls designed to help safeguard the personal information we collect via our products. However, no security measures are perfect and we cannot assure you that personal information that we collect will never be accessed or used in an unauthorized way.
8. AGE GUIDELINES AND CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
Back to Top
Protecting children’s privacy is extremely important to us. We also encourage parents and/or guardians to play an active role in their children’s online experiences at all times.
Imangi’s products are not intended for children under the age of 13 and we do not knowingly collect any personal information from children under the age of 13. If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA) under 16 years of age or a minor in your country of residence, please ask your legal guardian’s permission to use or access Imangi’s products. Additional age-based privacy information specific to California residents is set forth below in the Privacy Notice for California residents. If you believe Imangi has inadvertently collected information about your child, please contact us (information below) so we can promptly remove the information.
9. DATA RETENTION
Back to Top
Imangi has a policy of retaining information we collect for a period of up to 180 days. During the period when we hold Information, we may transform and aggregate it such that it no longer is personally identifiable. We may retain the de-identified aggregate data products for more than the retention period to support business critical needs.
Uninstalling Imangi applications from your devices does not cause the data that we possess to be deleted. It remains subject to the same data retention and expiration policies.
10. LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING (EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA ONLY)
Back to Top
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), our legal basis for collecting and using the personal information will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it. However, we will normally collect personal information from you only where: (i) we have your consent to do so, (ii) where we need the personal information to perform a contract with you (e.g. to deliver a service you have requested), or (iii) where the processing is in our legitimate interests (and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms). In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect personal information from you, or may otherwise need the personal information to protect your vital interests or those of another person.
If we ask you to provide personal information to comply with a legal requirement or to perform a contract with you, we will make this clear at the relevant time and advise you whether the provision of your personal information is mandatory or not (as well as of the possible consequences if you do not provide your personal information). Similarly, if we collect and use your personal information in reliance on our legitimate interests which are not already described in this Privacy Policy, we will make clear to you at the relevant time what those legitimate interests are.
A. Technical and usage Information
Back to Top
Imangi may collect in-game technical or usage data or gameplay analytics for players. Note that Google Play Services, Apple Game Center, and other platform-level services may also collect gameplay analytics if you are located within the EEA. Please see your device-level settings for more information about how to disable those services. Imangi considers any data specific to your use of our apps that is collected or processed by Imangi or through Google Play Services or Apple Game Center to be in our legitimate business interests.
B. Advertising networks
Back to Top
Imangi works with advertising partners that may collect information from you as part of their process of serving advertisements in our products. This is described above in the section “Ad Serving Technologies.” In accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), Imangi’s advertising partners in the European Economic Area  function as independent data controllers and processors. Prior to showing you personalized advertisements, you will be asked whether you consent to sharing your information with the advertising company. If you are a resident of an EEA country and indicate that you are below the age of 16, you will be served non-personalized ads and the advertising companies will not collect personal information from you.
C. Right to erasure
Back to Top
Under the GDPR you have a right to have Imangi and our third party partners erase the personal information we have collected from you without undue delay.
D. Right to portability
Back to Top
Under the GDPR you have a right to request a copy of the personal data Imangi and our third party partners have collected from you.
E. Right to withdraw consent
Back to Top
Where we rely on your consent to process the personal information, you have the right to withdraw or decline your consent at any time. Please note that this does not affect the lawfulness of the processing based on consent before its withdrawal. To change your consent status, please visit the following screen in the product you are playing:
Temple Run: Options
Temple Run 2: Settings
If you have any questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information, please contact us at
privacy@imangistudios.com
or Imangi Studios LLC, 4601 Six Forks Road Suite 121, Raleigh, NC 27609 USA.
F. Right to object
Back to Top
Under the GDPR, you have the right to object to the processing of your data. If you wish to object to the processing of your data, please contact us at
privacy@imangistudios.com
or Imangi Studios LLC, 4601 Six Forks Road Suite 121, Raleigh, NC 27609 USA.
11. PRIVACY NOTICE FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
Back to Top
This Privacy Notice for California Residents applies solely to all visitors, users, and others who reside in the State of California (“consumers” or “you”). We may use reasonable proxies, such as time zone or other data where we do not know the state of residence of a person, to determine whether a user is a California Resident – we do not ask users of our games for their address or state of residence. We adopt this notice to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA) and any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this Notice.
Where noted in this Notice, the CCPA temporarily exempts personal information reflecting a written or verbal business-to-business communication (“B2B personal information”) from some its requirements.
A. Information We Collect
Back to Top
We collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer, household, or device (“personal information”).
Personal information does not include:
publicly available information from government records or
deidentified or aggregated consumer information.
In particular, we have collected the following categories of personal information from consumers within the last 12 months:
Category
Examples
Collected
A. Identifiers.
A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, Social Security number (only for delivery of contest rewards where required by tax laws), or other similar identifiers.
YES
B. Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
A name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver’s license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information.Some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories.
NO
C. Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
Age, sex (including gender) only if provided to us by you in a survey or online form.
YES
D. Commercial information.
Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
YES
E. Biometric information.
Genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological characteristics, or activity patterns used to extract a template or other identifier or identifying information, such as, fingerprints, faceprints, and voiceprints, iris or retina scans, keystroke, gait, or other physical patterns, and sleep, health, or exercise data.
NO
F. Internet or other similar network activity.
Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer’s interaction with a website, application, or advertisement.
YES
G. Geolocation data.
Physical location or movements.
NO
H. Sensory data.
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
NO
I. Professional or employment-related information.
Current or past job history or performance evaluations.
YES
J. Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)).
Education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or party acting on its behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes, student financial information, or student disciplinary records.
NO
K. Inferences drawn from other personal information.
Profile reflecting a person’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
YES
L. Equipment Information
Information about your internet connection, the equipment you use to access use our products, and usage details.
YES
We obtain the categories of personal information listed above from the following categories of sources:
Directly from you. For example, from forms you complete or products and services you purchase.
Indirectly from you. For example, from observing your actions in our products.
B. Use of Personal Information
Back to Top
We may use or disclose the personal information we collect for one or more of the following purposes:
To fulfill or meet the reason you provided the information. For example, if you share your name and contact information to request a price quote or ask a question about our products or services, we will use that personal information to respond to your inquiry. If you provide your personal information to purchase a product or service, we will use that information to process your payment and facilitate delivery. We may also save your information to facilitate new product orders or process returns.
To provide, support, personalize, and develop our products, and services.
To process your requests, purchases, transactions, and payments and prevent transactional fraud.
To provide you with support and to respond to your inquiries, including to investigate and address your concerns and monitor and improve our responses.
To personalize your experience with our products and to deliver content and product and service offerings relevant to your interests, including targeted offers and ads.
To help maintain the safety, security, and integrity of our website, products and services, databases and other technology assets, and business.
For testing, research, analysis, and product development, including to develop and improve our products and services.
To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations.
As described to you when collecting your personal information or as otherwise set forth in the CCPA.
To evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by Imangi about our users is among the assets transferred.
We will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice.
C. Sharing Personal Information
Back to Top
We may disclose your personal information to a third party for a business purpose. When we disclose personal information other than persistent identifiers for a business purpose, we enter a contract that describes the purpose and requires the recipient to both keep that personal information confidential and not use it for any purpose except performing the contract. We disclose persistent identifiers with our advertising partners, who may use those persistent identifiers, share them with their other partners, combine information from other sources with those persistent identifiers, or otherwise use them consistent with their privacy policies.
We share your personal information with the following categories of third parties:
Service providers (including third party advertising providers)
Data aggregators
D. Disclosures of Personal Information for a Business Purpose
Back to Top
In the preceding 12 months, Imangi has disclosed the following categories of personal information for a business purpose:
Category A: Identifiers.
Category C: Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
Category D: Commercial information.
Category F: Internet or other similar network activity.
Category K: Inferences drawn from other personal information.
Category L: Equipment information.
We disclose your personal information for a business purpose to the following categories of third parties:
Service providers (including third party advertising providers)
E. Your Rights and Choices
Back to Top
The CCPA provides California residents with specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes your CCPA rights and explains how to exercise those rights.
ACCESS TO SPECIFIC INFORMATION AND DATA PORTABILITY RIGHTS
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights), we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you.
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information.
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (also called a data portability request), provided that if you uninstall our products, your device identifier is lost and prior usage information and similar information tied only to that IDFV could not be linked to you and therefore could not be disclosed.
If we sold or disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, two separate lists disclosing:
sales, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient purchased; and
disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained.
We do not provide these access and data portability rights for B2B personal information.
DELETION REQUEST RIGHTS
You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights), we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.
We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service provider(s) to:
Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, fulfill the terms of a written warranty or product recall conducted in accordance with federal law, or otherwise perform our contract with you.
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.
Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 et. seq.).
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information’s deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research’s achievement, if you previously provided informed consent.
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.
Comply with a legal obligation.
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
We do not provide these deletion rights for B2B personal information. Additionally, if you uninstall all of our products, your device identifier is lost and prior usage information and similar information tied only to that IDFV could not be linked to you and therefore could not be deleted.
EXERCISING ACCESS, DATA PORTABILITY, AND DELETION RIGHTS
To exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by emailing us at privacy@imangistudios.com.
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.
You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. The verifiable consumer request must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative, which may include the device identifier (IDFV) which can be obtained from the settings menu in our products.
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you.
Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us.
We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request.
For instructions on exercising sale opt-out rights, see Personal Information Sales Opt-Out and Opt-In Rights .
RESPONSE TIMING AND FORMAT
We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within 45 days of its receipt. If we require more time (up to 90 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing.
We will deliver our written response electronically.
Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request’s receipt. The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your personal information that is readily usable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
PERSONAL INFORMATION SALES OPT-OUT AND OPT-IN RIGHTS
If you are 16 years of age or older, you have the right to direct us to not sell your personal information at any time (the “right to opt-out”). We do not sell the personal information of consumers we actually know are less than 16 years of age, unless we receive affirmative authorization (the “right to opt-in”) from either the consumer who is at least 13 but not yet 16 years of age, or the parent or guardian of a consumer less than 13 years of age. Consumers who opt-in to personal information sales may opt-out of future sales at any time.
To exercise the right to opt-out, you (or your authorized representative) may submit a request to us at privacy@imangistudios.com
We log your consent state for compliance purposes.
Once you make an opt-out request, we will wait at least 12 months before asking you to reauthorize personal information sales (unless you uninstall all of our products and reinstall any of our products, which will reset your IDFV). However, you may change your mind and opt back in to personal information sales at any time by adjusting your settings in the applicable product application.
We will only use personal information provided in an opt-out request to review and comply with the request.
F. Non-Discrimination
Back to Top
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:
Deny you goods or services.
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.
Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
However, we may offer you certain financial incentives permitted by the CCPA that can result in different prices, rates, or quality levels. Any CCPA-permitted financial incentive we offer will reasonably relate to your personal information’s value and contain written terms that describe the program’s material aspects. Participation in a financial incentive program requires your prior opt in consent, which you may revoke at any time.
G. Other California Privacy Rights
Back to Top
California’s “Shine the Light” law (Civil Code Section § 1798.83) permits users of our Website that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to privacy@imangistudios.com or write to us at: Imangi Studios, Attn: Privacy Officer, 4601 Six Forks Road, Suite 121, Raleigh, NC 27609, USA.
12. YOUR CHOICES AND CONTROLS
Back to Top
A. Push notifications
Back to Top
If you previously chose to receive push notifications on your mobile device from us, but no longer wish to receive them, you can manage your preferences through your device or app settings, depending on the type of device.
B. AdChoices
Back to Top
For more information about interest-based advertising on your desktop or mobile browser, and your ability to opt out of this type of advertising by third parties that participate in self-regulatory programs, please visit the Network Advertising Initiative
https://www.networkadvertising.org/
and/or the DAA Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising
https://www.aboutads.info/principles
. To learn more about interest-based advertising in mobile apps and to opt out of this type of advertising by third parties that participate in the DAA’s AppChoices tool, please download the version of AppChoices for your device here
http://youradchoices.com/appchoices
or visit these websites:
http://youradchoices.ca/
https://www.youronlinechoices.eu
Please note that any opt-out choice you exercise through these programs will apply to interest-based advertising by the third parties you select, but will still allow the collection of data for other purposes, including research, analytics, and internal operations. You may continue to receive advertising, but that advertising may be less relevant to your interests.
13. NOTIFICATIONS REGARDING UPDATES TO THE PRIVACY POLICY
Back to Top
From time to time, we may update this Privacy Policy. We will notify you about changes to this Privacy Policy by placing a notice in our products and/or on our company website. We encourage you to periodically check back and review this policy so that you always know our current privacy practices.
14. CONTACT US
Back to Top
A. Customer Support
Back to Top
We maintain a list of Frequently Asked Questions at the following URL, on the Imangi website.
https://imangistudios.com/contact
For other customer support needs, please contact
support@imangistudios.com
. Our customer support team uses Zendesk to answer support requests. When you email customer support, your email address will be entered into the Zendesk system for the sole purpose of processing your support request. After your support request is processed, it will be marked as “closed” and be automatically deleted from the Zendesk system and the customer support email account after thirty days. Please do not include any personal information in your email to customer support.
B. Privacy Inquiries
Back to Top
If you have questions regarding this Policy or about Imangi’s privacy practices, please contact us by email at
privacy@imangistudios.com
, or at:
Imangi Studios
Attn: Privacy Officer
4601 Six Forks Road
Suite 121
Raleigh, NC 27609
USA
15. ENGLISH VERSION CONTROLS
Back to Top
Non-English translations of this Policy may be provided for convenience only. In the event of any ambiguity or conflict between translations, the English version is authoritative and controls.
16. TERMS OF USE
Back to Top
A. Your Health and Safety
Back to Top
You are responsible for ensuring that you are of an appropriate fitness level to use the App Workout mode. The purpose of the App’s Workout mode is to offer a fun and unique way of controlling the characters and playing the game and you should use common sense in determining whether you are of good physical condition to undertake the physical exertion that the App’s Workout mode requires. If you are in any doubt, please consult your doctor.
Imangi does not intend Apps or App’s Workout mode to be medical or health devices, or to provide medical or health advice.
When using the App’s Workout mode, make sure you give due consideration for your environment and do not put yourself at risk of injury or harm.
APPENDIX: OUR AD SERVING AND ANALYTICS PROVIDERS
Back to Top
This table summarizes our ad serving and analytics providers and where you can go to get more information about their policies and practices and opt out of their networks in many cases.
* Indicates a company or service whose software may be integrated in older versions of Imangi products but are not present in versions released after May 2018.
Company Name
Purpose
Link
Personal data shared
Contact Info
AdColony
Advertising
https://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/
Advertising identifier, IP Address, location
privacy@adcolony.com
AdMob
Advertising
https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads
Advertising identifier, IP Address, location
data-protection-office@google.com
— AdMob Partners
Advertising
https://support.google.com/admob/answer/9012903
Note that, at this time, AdMob may serve ads from any of these providers in the EEA through its mediation network.
data-protection-office@google.com
Applovin
Advertising
https://www.applovin.com/privacy
Advertising identifier, IP Address, location
dataprotection@Applovin.com
Chartboost
Advertising
https://answers.chartboost.com/en-us/articles/200780269
Advertising identifier, IP Address, location
privacy@chartboost.com
Facebook Audience Network
Advertising
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
Advertising identifier, IP Address, location
https://www.facebook.com/help/contact/861937627253138
Fyber
Advertising
https://www.fyber.com/services-privacy-statement/
Advertising identifier, IP Address, location
privacy@fyber.com
Google Analytics for Firebase
Analytics
https://cloud.google.com/terms/data-processing-terms
Device identifier, advertising identifier, IP Address, location
https://support.google.com/cloud/contact/dpo
Google G Suite
Support
https://support.google.com/googlecloud/answer/6056650?hl=en
Email address and other information emailed to Imangi
https://support.google.com/cloud/contact/dpo
InMobi
Advertising
https://www.inmobi.com/privacy-policy/
Advertising identifier, IP Address, location
privacy@inmobi.com
ironSource
Advertising
https://developers.ironsrc.com/ironsource-mobile/air/ironsource-mobile-privacy-policy/
Advertising identifier, IP Address, location
dpo@ironsrc.com
Mintegral
Advertising
https://www.mintegral.com/en/privacy/
Advertising identifier, IP Address, location
privacy@mintegral.com
Smaato
Advertising
https://www.smaato.com/privacy/
Advertising identifier, IP Address, location
privacy@smaato.com
TapJoy
Advertising
https://www.tapjoy.com/legal/#privacy-policy
Advertising identifier, IP Address, location
privacy@tapjoy.com
Unity
Advertising
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Advertising identifier, IP Address, location
privacy@unity3d.com
Unity Cloud Diagnostics
Analytics
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Device identifier, IP Address, location
privacy@unity3d.com
Zendesk
Support
https://www.zendesk.com/company/customers-partners/privacy-policy/
Email address and other information emailed to Imangi
privacy@zendesk.com
Vungle
Advertising
https://vungle.com/privacy/
Advertising identifier, IP Address, location
privacy@vungle.com
*Flurry
Analytics
https://policies.oath.com/us/en/oath/privacy/index.html
Device identifier, advertising identifier, IP Address, location
Oath, Customer Care – Privacy Policy Issues, 701 First Avenue, Sunnyvale, CA 94089
PREVIOUS PRIVACY POLICIES
Back to Top
29 September 2015
19 October 2016
17 October 2017
18 May 2018
12 July 2018
21 November 2018
06 February 2019
06 September 2019
22 November 2019
20 February 2020
28 February 2020
29 September 2020