Online
Puzzle
Match 3
Arcade & Action
Card & Board
Time Management
Hidden Object
Adventure
Kids
iOS
Hidden Object
Match 3
Adventure
Puzzle
Card & Board
Kids
Android
Hidden Object
Adventure
Puzzle
Match 3
Card & Board
Kids
ru
de
uk
Close
Share
Contact
Favorite games
More Like this
Privacy Policy
Privacy Statement
Intro
This policy describes how Absolutist and its third party marketing and advertising partners collect, use, process and share information about you.
This privacy policy applies to all of our games, whether played on our website, on mobile devices, PCs or on other platforms such as Facebook. It also applies to our marketing and advertising activities on all platforms and other services that we may provide to you from time to time. In this privacy policy we refer to our games, websites, marketing and advertising activities and other services collectively as our "Services".
By downloading, accessing and/or playing our games, or interacting with our websites or other Services, you agree to the collection and use of your information in accordance with this privacy policy, including consenting to  use of your data for targeted advertising purposes as described in the further sections of this privacy policy. Those sections also explain how you can withhold or withdraw your consent to the use of your data for targeted advertising purposes. If you have any other concerns about providing information to us or it being used as described in this privacy policy you should not use our games or other services.
We respects your privacy. Under no circumstances will the information you provide to us be disclosed to any third party. We do not sell, rent, or loan any identifiable information regarding our customers to any third party. Any information you give us is held with the utmost care and security, and will not be used in ways to which you have not explicitly consented.
Use of Information
We will not collect any personal information about individuals except when specifically and knowingly provided by such individuals. Examples of such information are: name, postal address, e-mail address, phone number, birthdays, and product commentary.
We may share non-personal aggregate, or summary, information regarding its customers with its partners, and use it for internal research, but Absolutist.com does not sell or share any information at the individual or customer level.
Browser cookies
Absolutist.com may use a feature of your Web browser called a "cookie" to assign a unique identification to your computer. Cookies are files that your Web browser places on your computer's hard drive.
We create and then use cookie files to enable certain feature enhancements and facilitate your browsing experience when you go through the sites we operate.
We allow third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information when you visit our web site. These companies may use non-personally identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. These companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information. To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising, you can visit
networkadvertising.org
.
Furthermore:
Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on this site.
Google's use of the DART cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to the users of this site based on their visiting of this site and/or other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the
Google ad and content network privacy policy
.
Social Networking Sites
If you access our games via a third party social networking site (e.g. Facebook), Absolutist may receive information about your social networking site profile, including without limitation your associated email address, user ID, profile and user name, profile photo and friend list (to the extant that you use viral features inside our social games).
Mobile devices
If you install or otherwise access our games via a mobile device, we and our service
providers
may receive information about your location (based on your IP address) and your mobile device (e.g. your device model, current OS version, and UI language), and app usage data, including Google Advertising ID.
Use of information
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website, or play our social or mobile games. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
We may also use your app usage data for analytical purposes to further upgrade user experience in our games. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please see below for contact information.
Request data deletion
You can request the deletion of your data by contacting us via our support email: support@absolutist.com
Security
We have security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information we gather. We use secure servers to perform the online transactions and other actions related to sensitive information distribution, including all credit card operations that are performed by certified payment service providers.
Types of data collected by us
We are processing and collecting the following data in our games on third party social networking sites:
- email address,
- user ID,
- profile and user name,
- profile photo,
- friend list.
We are processing and collecting the following data in our games on mobile devices:
- location based on IP address,
- device model,
- current OS version,
- UI language,
- app usage data, including Google Advertising ID.
Purposes of data collection
We use the collected information for the following purposes:
- to serve ads,
- to optimize app technical performance,
- to collect bug reports,
- to improve user experience in our games.
Facebook permissions
We utilize Facebook permissions, specifically user_friends, public_profile, and email. The public_profile and email permissions are essential for the proper functioning of the applications and are automatically granted by Facebook. The user_friends permission is employed for social functionalities, specifically sending in-game gifts and energy to friends, as well as receiving such items from them.
More Information
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, please contact our web-site support team:
support@absolutist.com