Privacy Policy UPDATED: November 18, 2024
1. GENERAL
Nexstar Media Inc., together with its Affiliates (collectively, “Nexstar”, “we”, “us”, or “our”) makes available this website and related mobile sites, applications, products, advertising services, and technology (collectively, the “Properties”), including without limitation content, materials, information, software, products and services available on the Properties, regardless of the device used to access such Properties. Our Properties include various brands such as our
TV call signs
, NewsNation, The Hill, Best Reviews, RewindTV, AntennaTV, and others. Affiliates means any entity that Nexstar Media Inc. controls, is controlled by, is under common control with. This Privacy Policy applies to any Property that links directly to this policy. This Privacy Policy does not cover any information collected through any other site or application even if the other site or application is linked to our Properties.
By visiting our Properties you agree to this Privacy Policy. From time to time we may revise this Privacy Policy and your continued use of the Properties after we post a revised version of this Privacy Policy, signifies your acceptance of the revised Privacy Policy. Such modified Privacy Policy will be posted on this page. It is therefore important that you review this Privacy Policy regularly to ensure you are updated as to any changes.
This Privacy Policy is set out as follows:
TYPES OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT
COLLECTION OF INFORMATION
HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION
OUR SHARING AND DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
LINKS TO THIRD PARTY SITES AND APPLICATIONS
THIRD PARTY ONLINE ADVERTISING
YOUR CHOICES REGARDING YOUR INFORMATION AND RECEIPT OF COMMUNICATIONS
STATE SPECIFIC PRIVACY RIGHTS
SECURITY OF INFORMATION
OUR COMMITMENT TO CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
APPLICABLE LAW
CONTACT INFORMATION
2. TYPES OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT FROM YOU.
We may collect information that individually identifies you (“Identifiable Information”). Identifiable Information may include but is not limited to: your name; physical address; phone number; e-mail address; and any combination of information that individually identifies you.
We may also automatically collect information that does not directly identify you but may be considered your personal data under applicable law (“Other Information”). Other Information may include but is not limited to information such as identifiers like your IP address, device ID and cookie ID as well as internet and connecting device information and other information.
Identifiable Information and Other Information shall collectively be referred to as “Personal Information” throughout this Privacy Policy.
3. COLLECTION OF INFORMATION
Information Provided Directly to Us.
Registration, Events, Activities. The Properties may provide certain activities and certain content in which we gather Personal Information from users of the Properties, such as an activity that requires that a user complete a registration process and/or create an account. Registration to participate activities promoted on the Properties or to access certain content may require the submission of your mobile number, email address, zip code, date of birth and other Personal Information. Personal Information that may also be submitted include your password hints, gender, personal interests, industry you work in, occupation/role, household income, communication preferences, preferred news source, and any other information you provide to us in order to use or access a Property, feature, content, or service. If you choose to make a purchase or sign up for a paid subscription service, we will ask for additional information, such as your credit card number and billing address. If you attend an event hosted or sponsored by us, we may require that you register for that event and provide your name, address, email address, phone number and payment information. We may also request your feedback and other information related to the event.
Alerts and Promotional Communications. In addition, you may have the ability to opt in to additional subscription services, such as email and/or text alerts or promotional and marketing information to be received directly from Us and/or our advertisers and co-sponsors which may require you to provide certain Personal Information.
Testimonials. We may collect Personal Information from the testimonials or posts you may provide. If you submit any testimonials to be posted on our Properties, we will obtain your consent prior to using your name and testimonial. Information Provided by Others. We may also collect Personal Information about you when such information is provided by another individual on your behalf (for example, if another individual submits a birthday notice with your name and email address or submits a photo or video with you in it). For certain activities you may be asked to submit a person’s name, address, phone number and/or email address.
Communications. We may collect information about you when you communicate with us via email, post, our online tools, telephone, or otherwise through our Properties, as well as any communications you post on our social media pages such as Facebook and Twitter.
Photographs. You may provide us with photographs or video materials that contain Personal Information about you and others for use on our Properties.
Information Collected Automatically.
In addition to the information that you may provide to us, our Properties also automatically collect Other Information about you that may include information related to your computer, including your browser type, operating system and computer monitor resolution; your Internet Protocol (IP) address (the number automatically assigned to your computer whenever you access the Internet and that can sometimes be used to derive your general geographic area); sites and/or applications you visited before and after visiting our Properties; web pages and advertisements you view; links you click on our Properties; unique identifiers, including mobile device identification numbers, that can identify the physical location of such devices in accordance with applicable law (we will only collect precise location data with your consent on your first use of the service); information collected through cookies, web beacons, and other technologies; information about your interactions with video content, such as the content viewed; information about your interactions with email messages, such as the links clicked on and whether the messages were opened or forwarded; and standard server log information.
Cookies and similar technologies: You should be aware that Other Information may be automatically collected on the Properties through the use of cookies, web beacons and other similar technologies (collectively referred to as a “cookie”). Nexstar uses cookies for delivery and reporting of advertisements; tracking users’ responses to an ad (e.g., click rate and conversions); reviewing the frequency and time of the display of an advertisement; storage of user preferences; saving of your password; and the collection, aggregation and analysis of anonymous tracking data to help measure and track traffic and general user behavior. We may also use cookies to help us offer you more relevant information or products and services of interest to you. Further, to better serve relevant ads to you, we may also assign an identifier (“ID”) to your device, computer, or browser when serving an ad. The ID may be implemented on your computer/device through a cookie. Such method does not enable Nexstar to personally identify you. The ID can be used to attempt to match an assigned user by inference, based on the user’s activities tracked across multiple devices or browsers. Cookies also identify you to our servers allowing you the opportunity to avoid reentering your email and password each time you access the Properties.
Our third-party service providers, advertisers and affiliates may use cookies to manage or measure the performance of their information displayed or delivered over our Properties. For more information regarding this use, please see our Links to Third Party Sites and/or Applications” section below.
We may also use technical methods in our HTML emails that we send to you to determine whether you have opened or forwarded an email and/or clicked on links in those emails, to customize the display of banner advertising and other messages to you, to determine whether you have made an inquiry or purchase in response to a particular email and other similar activities. These technical methods may enable us to collect and use your Personal Information.
Information Obtained from Other Sources.
Where permitted by applicable law, we may also obtain Other Information (e.g. demographic information, interests, purchases, etc.) and/or Personal Information about you from other sources, including through interactive applications (such as mobile devices, third-party services, and embedded video players), from co-branded partners, advertising related companies, from sites/applications (for example, on our pages on Facebook, Twitter, and other social media), and from commercially available sources (such as data aggregators and public databases).
You can also engage with our content, such as videos, games, applications, and other offerings, on or through third-party social networking sites, such as Facebook, Twitter and other third-party social media plug-ins and applications. When you engage with our content on or through third party social networking sites, plug-ins, and/or applications, you may allow us to have access to certain information from your social media profile (e.g., name, e-mail address, photo(s), gender, birthday, location, your list of friends, people you follow and/or who follow you, the posts or the “likes” you make) to deliver the content or as part of the operation of the application or plug-in. We may also obtain Other Information (e.g., content viewed, game performance, high scores, and information regarding advertisements within the content you have been shown and may have clicked on) from your interaction with our content.
When you provide Personal Information from your social media account, it can help enable us to do things like (1) give you exclusive content, (2) personalize your online experience with us within and outside our Properties, and (3) contact you through the social networking sites or directly by sending you the latest news, special offerings, and rewards. By doing so, you consent to the use of this information in accordance with our Privacy Policy. When you
provide Personal Information to us through an application, on our Properties, or on social networking sites (e.g., in the form of a post or through profile information to be viewed by others), it may be publicly viewed by other members of these sites and/or applications and we cannot prevent further use of the information by third parties.
Through some social networking sites’ privacy settings, you can control what data you share. For more information about how social networking sites handle your Personal Information, please refer to their privacy policies and terms of use.
Combining Information.
Please note that all of the information we collect about you may be combined, to help us tailor our communications, products, services, and advertisements to you and to develop rich online content and services across the Properties.
Wireless Device Information.
Unless otherwise provided in a separate registration page, we do not request for marketing purposes, contact information for a mobile phone, text messaging or any wireless device that includes a domain name address (such as “wireless.bellsouth.com”) as part of the contact information. Federal law prohibits the sending of commercial marketing email messages directly to a wireless device that uses a domain name, unless you have first given your affirmative consent. We may inadvertently collect a wireless device number that includes a domain name when you send us an inquiry or register for a contest/sweepstakes or membership club. However, we will not knowingly use that contact information for sending commercial marketing email. We reserve the right to respond to user inquiries or requests sent via a wireless device that uses a domain name, as such messages are not deemed to be commercial marketing email.
4. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
Providing and marketing the Properties. In addition to any uses discussed elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, we use your Personal Information to (i) provide you with features, services or goods, or information you request, (ii) to enable you to participate in features such as surveys, polls, research, contests/sweepstakes, and other activities, ii) to send you marketing communications; (iv) to communicate to you regarding third party products and services that you have either requested or that we think might be of interest to you; (v) to provide advertising on our Properties; and (vi) for any purpose in which you provided your Personal Information to Us.
Business and operational purposes. We may use your Personal Information for internal business purposes such as to provide, improve, maintain, personalize, protect and develop our Properties, to perform analytics, to identify and prevent fraudulent activities, to identify and repair errors, for auditing and accounting purposes, and to facilitate the sharing and other interactions with social media sites. We also We may also use your Personal Information to offer, market and advertise products, programs and services from us, our Affiliates, and select third parties that we believe may be of interest to you. And we may use your Personal Information for recruiting and hiring purposes.
Customization. We may use your Personal Information provide you with advertising and content that is tailored to your interests.
Communication. We also use your Personal Information to (i) notify you about updates, new features, programming and promotions that may be of interest to you; (ii) communicate with you when you have won a contest or sweepstakes, or to contact you about your account with us; (iii) to communicate with you about our Properties or your use of our Properties or to respond to your communications with us. We may use the Personal Information that you provide about others to enable us to send them your gifts, cards, or emails you may wish to send from our Properties or to otherwise communicate with them.
Improving our Properties. We may use your Personal Information to find out how we can improve our company and Properties and we may do this via surveys or online tracking mechanisms. We may use Personal Information collected directly during the registration process and/or via cookies, web beacons, and other similar technologies to help us evaluate and modify existing services and features, as well as provide certain information to third parties to provide advertising that is targeted to you. We may also use your Personal Information to develop new services and features that may be of interest to you.
Compliance. We may use the Personal Information you provide about yourself or others to enforce the legal terms of use for our Properties, to detect, investigate and to prevent activities on our Properties that could be unlawful, fraudulent, violate copyright or other intellectual property rights, violate any rights of a third party, to comply with legal requirements, to protect our rights and the rights of our users, and to comply with a lawful request for information such as a court order.
5. OUR SHARING AND DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
Consent. We may disclose Personal Information when you provide us with your consent to do so. If you choose to submit content for publication, we may publish your name, screen name and/or other data you have provided.
Affiliates. We may share your Personal Information with our Affiliates to assist in providing, improving, and tailoring the Properties to you or to contact you regarding products and services that may be of interest to you..
Law enforcement and other legal purposes. We may also disclose your Personal Information in response to a court order or subpoena, in response to a law enforcement agency request; when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact, or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) our rights or to anyone that could be harmed by such activities; in situations involving threats to the physical safety of any person; where it is necessary to investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activity or suspected fraud; or as otherwise required by law.
Change of control. We may transfer Personal Information about you if we are acquired by, sold to or merged with another company or as part of a business reorganization.
Service providers. Our agents and contractors and service providers who provide services for us and may have access to your Personal Information are required to protect the information in a manner consistent with our Privacy Policy and may not use the information for any other purposes other than to carry out the activity they are performing on our behalf.
Third parties. We may disclose your Personal Information to third parties who are not covered by this Privacy Policy (e.g., advertisers, marketers, retailers, non-profit organizations, participatory databases) that want to market products or services to you.
Contests and other promotions. When you choose to enter a sweepstakes, contest, or other promotion, and in accordance with the terms and conditions of the promotion, your Personal Information may be disclosed to sponsors and third parties who help administer the promotion, including in connection with winner selection and prize fulfillment. Your Personal Information also may be disclosed as required by law, such as on a winners list. Also, by entering a promotion, you are agreeing to the official rules that govern that promotion, including allowing the sponsors to use your name, voice, and likeness in advertising and marketing associated with the promotion in accordance with applicable law. A sponsor will be independent of Us and will determine how it uses your Personal Information subject to its own Privacy Policy. We will identify any co-sponsor(s) in the rules of the promotion.
E-commerce. Our Properties may offer e-commerce services, which may be offered by us or by a third party under contract with us. If you request any of the e-commerce or other commercial services made available on our Properties, you may be requested to provide contact information (like name or email address), financial information (like account or credit card numbers), and demographic information (like zip code or age). We will use the financial information that you provide to bill you for products and services you requested. By giving us your credit card and related Personal Information, you are authorizing the e-commerce or other service to give that information to the merchant and the credit card company in order to confirm and fulfill your request. We will use your Personal Information to fulfill your orders and to get in touch with you when necessary. We will not otherwise use or distribute your financial information without your prior approval.
Marketing. We and our Properties continue to expand our online presence in order to offer users rich and deep interactive experiences. We may share information we collect about you through our Properties so that we can provide you with information about products and services that might interest you.
Aggregated and/or anonymized data. We may share aggregated or anonymized data with third parties. Much of the information we collect is in the form of aggregated statistics, such as the traffic generated by visits on various pages within our Properties, and the habits and preferences of our audience. Such aggregated data does not include any information that would identify you personally and is not considered Personal Information. We may use such aggregated data and disclose it to third parties as we see fit. LiveRamp. When you use our website, we may share information that we may collect from you, such as your email (in hashed form), IP address or information about your browser or operating system, with our partner/service provider, LiveRamp Inc and its group companies (‘LiveRamp’). LiveRamp may use our first party cookie on your browser to match your shared information to their marketing databases in order to provide back a pseudonymous privacy-centric identifier for our use in real time bidding in digital advertising. These third parties may in turn link further demographic or interest-based information to your browser. To opt out of this use, please visit here:
https://liveramp.com/opt_out
.
Nielsen. Our Properties may feature Nielsen proprietary measurement software, which will allow users to contribute to market research, such as Nielsen TV Ratings. To learn more about the information that Nielsen software may collect and your choices with regard to it, please see the Nielsen Digital Measurement Privacy Policy at
https://www.nielsen.com/digitalprivacy
.
This Privacy Policy addresses only our use of information we collect from you online. It does not apply to information you choose to disclose to other parties whether through interactive areas of our Properties that allow you to submit or post your own content or the like. We cannot prevent such information from being used by third parties in a manner that may violate this Privacy Policy, the law, or your personal privacy and safety. Accordingly, information you disclose publicly can be viewed, collected and/or used by others and we are not responsible for information you disclose in this manner.
6. LINKS TO THIRD PARTY SITES AND APPLICATIONS
We may sometimes offer content that is sponsored by or co-branded with identified third parties. The Properties may also contain links to the sites and/or applications of third parties not affiliated with us, such as advertisers. If you click on an advertiser’s advertisement, you will link to the advertiser’s site and/or application.
Once you leave our Properties via such a link or by clicking on an advertisement, you should check the applicable privacy policy of the third parties, advertiser site, or application to determine how they will handle any information they collect from you. You understand, acknowledge and agree that these links are provided solely as a convenience to you and not as an endorsement by us. We are NOT responsible for the privacy practices or the content on any of these other sites or applications, including any sites or applications that may indicate a special relationship or “partnership” with us. If you decide to access any of the third-party sites or applications linked to the Properties, you do so entirely at your own risk.
7. THIRD PARTY ONLINE ADVERTISING
We may work with one or more advertisers, advertising agencies, advertising networks, advertising technology companies (collectively referred to as “advertising partners”), and/or audience segment providers to help deliver advertisements or other content on our Properties. These third parties may utilize cookies, web beacons, or similar technologies on your computer, mobile, or other device to serve you advertisements or content tailored to your perceived or stated interests and/or preferences based on information you provided, and/or your browsing behavior, on the Properties and/or other sites and applications you have visited. These third parties may also use such technologies to help determine whether you previously have seen particular advertisements or content and to avoid sending you duplicates. In doing so, these third parties collect information such as your browser type, your operating system, web pages visited, time of visits, content viewed, ads viewed, and other click stream data. You may learn more about interest-based advertising at
http://www.aboutads.info
.
In all of the above instances, our Privacy Policy will not apply to any information collected by these third parties. This collection of information is not under our control and such third-party information practices may be different than ours.
8. YOUR CHOICES REGARDING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION AND RECEIPT OF COMMUNICATIONS
We respect your privacy and your ability to choose what information you share with us and what communications you receive from us.
Password-protected Account or Profile Information.
To the extent that you have created an account and/or profile on the Properties, but wish to remove or modify your Identifiable Information contained in our database, you may send an e-mail to
PrivacyAdministrator@nexstar.tv
with your specific request to disable your account profile or modify/delete your Identifiable Information.
If you ask us to disable your account profile or modify/delete your Identifiable Information, we will satisfy such request within a reasonable period of time. However, we may need to retain some information about you in order to satisfy our legal and security obligations. For example, some of your Identifiable Information may remain in back-up storage even if you ask us to delete it.
Disclosure to Third Parties for Direct Marketing
If you would like to prevent disclosure of your Personal Information for use in direct marketing by a third party, you may opt out by informing Nexstar to discontinue such disclosure, by e-mail to
PrivacyAdministrator@nexstar.tv
or by mail at the following address:
Digital Privacy Administrator
Nexstar Media Inc.
545 E. John Carpenter Freeway, Suite 700
Irving, TX 75062
Testimonials
To the extent that you have submitted a testimonial, you may modify or delete your testimonial at any time by sending an e-mail to
PrivacyAdministrator@nexstar.tv
with your specific request to modify/delete your testimonial.
Discontinuing Receipt of Nexstar Communications.
If you receive any communication from us that you prefer not to receive (e.g., e-mails, text/voice messages, or push notifications), you may elect to discontinue receipt of such communications from us.
To discontinue receipt of future e-mail communications from us, please click the “unsubscribe” link contained in any email communication. You may also send an e-mail to
PrivacyAdministrator@nexstar.tv
requesting that e-mail communications be discontinued. However, even if you unsubscribe from receiving email communications, we still may need to send you communications relating to your use of our Properties, such as service announcements.
To discontinue receipt of text and/or voice messages, you may do so by following the instructions contained in any such message (e.g., texting “STOP” in response to a text message). In certain instances, you may receive one additional message confirming your request has been received. In addition, you may text “HELP” for help with text messages. If you are still having problems regarding text and/or voice messages, you can send an email to
PrivacyAdministrator@nexstar.tv
. Neither Nexstar, its agents nor mobile carriers are liable for delayed or undelivered messages.
To discontinue receipt of push notifications, please adjust the settings on your mobile device or within our application.
Sharing of Identifiable Information.
If you do not want your Indentifiable Information shared with third parties in the manner discussed in “Our Disclosure of Your Information” section above, please notify Nexstar by e-mail to
PrivacyAdministrator@nexstar.tv
or at the following address:
Digital Privacy Administrator
Nexstar Media Inc.
545 E. John Carpenter Freeway, Suite 700
Irving, TX 75062
Do Not Track
We support the Do Not Track browser setting. When you have Do Not Track enabled in your browser, we will not collect browser-related information about you. For more information regarding Do Not Track, including how to turn on Do Not Track, visit
www.donottrack.us
. We encourage users who are interested in limiting the information we collect to search online for tools and services (e.g., NAI’s consumer opt-out gateway found at
https://optout.networkadvertising.org
or the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on) to prevent or opt-out of collection.
Interest-Based Advertising Opt-out Tools
To receive information, opt-out and/or manage your preferences for interest-based advertising, please visit:
For third parties providing interest-based advertising, visit Network Advertising Initiative Consumer Opt-Out Page at:
www.networkadvertising.org/choices
;
Digital Advertising Alliance Consumer Choice Page at
www.aboutads.info/choices
;
To limit the collection of location data, go to “settings” on your mobile device;
You can limit how the sharing of your Personal Information from mobile and connected devices by going to your device settings and opt-out, limit, and/or disable automatic content recognition, ad tracking, interest-based adverting, interactive TV or smart TV or similar options. The options will vary by device type.
Tips Re: Opt Out
If your browser blocks third-party cookies, opting out may not be effective.
You must opt out on each browser for each device for opt out to be effective.
When you opt out, a cookie is placed on your browser or device. Each time you delete cookies, you will have to opt out again.
Please note that if you choose to opt out of having your information used to deliver advertisements tailored to your interests, you will continue to see advertisements on our Properties, but these advertisements may not be as relevant to you.
9. STATE SPECIFIC PRIVACY RIGHTS
We do not sell your Identifiable Information without your consent. However, we do share certain Personal Information with some of our partners which may be considered a “sale” under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) and other similar privacy laws (collectively, “Privacy Laws”), therefore, when required by applicable Privacy Laws, we give residents the right to opt out of the sale of your Personal Information (“Opt-Out Right”). In addition to the Opt-Out Right, the Privacy Laws may also grant consumers with the right to: (i) know and access the specific Personal Information that we have collected; (ii) know and access the categories of Personal Information we collected, the categories of sources from which we collected Personal Information, the business and commercial purposes for which we collected the Personal Information and the third parties with whom we share the Personal information about you; (iii) to correct your Personal Information; and (iii) delete your Personal Information; (collectively, your “Privacy Rights”). If the Privacy Laws apply to you and you would like to exercise any of your Privacy Rights, please visit our
Privacy Center
to exercise your Privacy Rights. We may require verification of your identity to action your request and such verification required may vary depending on the information you are requesting. Your Privacy Rights are subject to restrictions and exceptions as set out in the Privacy Laws and if such exceptions or restrictions apply to your request, we will explain that to you. We will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights.
Certain exceptions may apply to your Privacy Rights. If these exceptions apply, we will tell you.
Please note that when exercising your Privacy Rights, we may need additional information from you. For example, when you submit a request to delete your Personal Information relating to an OTT App (for example, the NewsNation App made available on your Roku smart TV) we will need your user ID and ask that you submit your request here:
privacyadministrator+ott@nexstar.tv
If you are entitled to delete your data pursuant to Privacy Laws and you exercise this right, some data will not be deleted per the exceptions under Privacy Laws. Such exceptions may include Personal Information used to: (i) complete a transaction, provide a good or service, perform a contract, or that is otherwise tied to our business relationship with you; (ii) detect and prevent security incidents, deception, and fraud and to prosecute crimes; (iii) debug to identify and repair errors that impair functionality of products or services; (iv) exercise free speech or other legal rights; (v) respond to requests for information from law enforcement under or comply with other legal obligations; (vi) engage in certain public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest; (vii) enable internal uses that are reasonably alighted with consumer expectations for the purpose for which the data was collected.
You may designate an authorized agent to submit a request on your behalf. To do so, we will require either: (i) a valid power of attorney; or (ii) a signed written permission from you. If your authorized agent is relying on a signed written permission from you, we may also need to verify your identity and/or contact directly to confirm permission to proceed with the request.
The information we have collected, our sources and uses, who we shared your information with in the past 12 months:
Categories of PI Collected
Categories of Sources from which the Pi is collected
Categories of Third Parties to whom we “Disclose” your PI
Categories of Third Parties to whom we “Sell” your PI
The Business Purpose for Use and/or Commercial Purpose for collecting, sharing or disclosing PI
Identifiers such as:
Name
IP address
Email address
online identifiers
device identifiers
You
Automatically
Third parties
Affiliates;
Service Providers;
Businesses;
Contractors;
Third Parties;
Advertising partners, Business transferees;
Authorities/legal request
Advertising partners
Auditing;
Security and integrity purposes;
Identify and repair errors;
Short-term transient use;
Providing the Services;
Providing Advertising;
Marketing;
Research;
Detecting and preventing fraudProvide the Services;
Alerts/Newsletters/Contests;
Communications;
Marketing;
Research and Development;
Respond to enquiries;
Compliance with law, legal process and internal policies;
Operate and manage our business;
Personalizing content and advertising;
Security;
Detecting and preventing fraud;
Performing accounting, audit and other internal functions;
Maintaining records;
Internal purposes relating to our hiring practices
Commercial information such as:
registration data
communications
marketing information
You
Contesting Co-Sponsors
Online identifiers such as:
Device data
Identity Data
You
Automatically
Advertising partners
Internet or network information
You
Automatically
Advertising partners
Geolocation – non-precise
You
Automatically
Advertising partners
Audio, electronic, visual and other information such as photos and videos
You Third parties (eg, if someone uploads a photo with you in it)
N/A
Inferences drawn from your use of our Properties or any PI
Automatically
Third parties
Advertising partners
Sensitive Information (precise geolocation is stored on your device or browser and is not shared or sold by Us and is only used to provide the service)
Automatically
You
Service Providers
N/A
Provide the Service Internal purposes relating to our hiring practices Detecting and preventing fraud Security and integrity purposes
Retention. We will retain your information only for as long as is reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy policy, to provide you with the services, to comply with our legal obligations and for our own internal business purposes.
Shine the Light. Further, once a year and free of charge, to request information about certain types of Personal Information (if any) that a business has disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes in the prior calendar year. However, under the law, we are not required to provide this information as long as we: (1) notify you that you have the right to prevent disclosure of Personal Information, and (2) provide you with a cost-free means to exercise that right. If you desire to opt out, click on the
Privacy Center
, notify Nexstar by e-mail at the following address:
PrivacyAdministrator@nexstar.tv
or by mail at the following address:
Digital Privacy Administrator
Nexstar Media Inc.
545 E. John Carpenter Freeway, Suite 700
Irving, TX 75062
CA Eraser Law. Additionally, if you are a California resident under the age of 18, and a registered user of any Property where this Privacy Policy is posted, you may request and potentially obtain removal of content or Personal Information you have publicly posted. To make such a request, please send an e-mail to
caleraser@nexstar.tv
. All requests must provide: (a) a detailed description of the specific content or Personal Information you want removed; (b) information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the content or Personal Information, including but not limited to the name and URL (if applicable) of the Property where such information is located; and (c) your registered username and contact information reasonably sufficient to contact you if we have questions. We shall not accept requests via postal mail, telephone, or facsimile. We are not responsible for requests that are not properly sent and may not be able to respond or take appropriate action if you do not provide complete information. Please also note that requests for removal do not ensure removal of the content or Personal Information you have posted, and there may be circumstances in which the law does not require or allow for removal even if requested
10. SECURITY OF INFORMATION
We take reasonable security precautions to secure the Personal Information that you choose to provide against the loss, misuse, alteration or unauthorized access of such information. Unfortunately, no transmission of data over the Internet is guaranteed to be completely secure. It may be possible for third parties not under our control to intercept or access transmissions or private communications unlawfully. While we strive to protect your Personal Information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any Personal Information that you transmit to us. Any such transmission is done at your own risk.
We do not and will not ever request your login information, password or credit card information in an unsecured or unsolicited email or telephone communication. This practice is commonly known as “phishing.” For more information about “phishing” and protecting your Personal Information from identity theft, you may want to visit the Federal Trade Commission at
www.ftc.gov
.
11. OUR COMMITMENT TO CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
Our Properties are intended for a general audience and we do not knowingly collect or store Personal Information about children under the age of 13. We may ask for a birth date to ensure that we are not collecting Personal Information from children under 13 or to identify when additional steps may need to be taken in connection with Personal Information collected from children under 18. In those instances where we have actual knowledge that we are collecting Personal Information from children or the Properties offer a service directed toward children, we will comply with applicable laws.
12. APPLICABLE LAW
We control and operate our Properties from the United States. The Properties are not intended to subject us to the laws or jurisdiction of any state, country or territory other than that of the United States. Please note that we do not represent or warrant that the Properties are appropriate for use in any particular jurisdiction. Those who choose to access the Properties do so at their own initiative and are responsible for complying with all applicable laws, rules and regulations. Further by using and participating in our Properties or providing us with your information, you consent to the collection, transfer, storage, access and processing of your information in and/or outside of the jurisdiction in which you reside.
13. CONTACT INFORMATION
If you have any questions or comments about our Privacy Policy, please send an e-mail to
PrivacyAdministrator@nexstar.tv
or call us toll-free at 833-831-6416. To action your Privacy Rights that you may have under applicable law, please visit our
Privacy Center
.