Just Sudoku - Privacy Policy
The following gives an overview of what personal information we collect, when you use our app. Personal information is any type of data, which can be used to identify you personally, for example user activity.
Responsible party
The responsible party according to Art. 4(7) General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) is:
Keitgen GmbH
Joseph Keitgen, CEO
Goldguldenweg 11
53489 Sinzig
support@keitgen.de
Our app's legal notice (required by German law) can be found here:
https://keitgen.de/impressum
Information about the data collected
Certain information gets collected automatically as soon as you use this app. The following gives you an overview of what type of information is being collected.
When downloading the app
When you download the app from the App Store (i.e. Apple AppStore) your user data is transmitted to the store to validate your purchase. This data can include but is not limited to your e-mail address, your payment information, details to the device used to make the purchase. This data gets exclusively collected and processed on the servers of the respective App Store and we have no control over this data, nor can we view it.
While using the app
While using the app certain details about your usage will be collected. This can include: your operating system version (i.e. iOS), the specific time of your usage, the app version, the default language of your device. Furthermore we collect data about how you use the app. This can include: statistics (i.e. number of games played, number of hints needed), preferred settings.
This information gets transferred to us so that we can a) offer you the function of the app b) improve the functionality of the app c) to prevent misuse and discover errors.
We use TelemetryDeck to collect anonymized usage data. This helps us understand how our users are using our app and how we can improve it. TelemetryDeck does not collect any personally identifiable information. You can read more about TelemetryDeck’s privacy policy at
https://telemetrydeck.com/privacy
We deem the processing to be lawful to uphold the existing usage contract you implicitly agreed to by downloading the app (Art. 6(1b) GDPR). Furthermore we deem the processing to be lawful to pursue our interest in offering a working, error-free app, with the goal to constantly improve our offering (Art. 6(1f) GDPR) which (especially through the anonymization of the data) out-weighs the privacy interests of the user.
While viewing advertisement
This app uses Google AdMob, a service for including advertisement from Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Irland.
Google collects personal data which is stored on their servers in the USA. Among the data collected is: Online identifiers (including cookie identifiers), IP addresses, device identifiers, client identifiers, unique device identifiers for advertising (IDFA) and usage data. More information on the technology Google uses can be found here:
https://policies.google.com/tech
nologies/ads
Google anonymizes the log data by removing part of the IP address (after 9 months) and cookie information (after 18 months). More information on Google's retention policy can be found:
https://policies.google.com/tech
nologies/retention
Google offers users the option to opt-out of personalised ads. For more information on this please visit:
https://www.google.com/settings/ads
The data collected in connection with advertisement gets exclusively collected and processed on Google's servers and we have no control over it, nor can we access it.
If you wish to limit tacking on your device (either by advertisers or websites), you can do this in the
iOS Settings App > Privacy & Security > Tracking
(on iOS).
Information, blocking and deletion
As permitted by law you have the right to be provided at any time with information about any of your personal data, which is stored as well as the origin, the recipient, and the purpose for which it was processed. You also have the right to have this data corrected, blocked or deleted. You can contact us at any time using the address
support@keitgen.de
.
Contact
Should you have any questions to this privacy policy, do not hesitate to send an e-mail to:
support@keitgen.de
.