Last Update: September 27, 2023
Your Privacy
Privacy is important—just ask solitary animals like hedgehogs, minks, and tigers.
People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (hereinafter referred to as “PETA,” “us,” and “we”) respects the integrity and privacy of the personal information it gathers from visitors (“you,” “visitor,” and “user”) to PETA.org and its other websites, forms, materials, apps, and resources. PETA has many useful, informative, and fun resources that support our mission to end speciesism and cruelty to animals and incorporate this privacy policy (the “Privacy Policy” or “Policy”). These include the
PETA: Saving Animals Made Easy
app,
Kitten Squad
app,
Bunny Free
app,
Animal Rights Stickers
app, Facebook apps, and many others (hereafter referred to individually as “Resource”).
We’ve created this Policy to explain how we collect, store, adapt or alter, use, and disseminate Personal Information, as defined below, that you provide us with either voluntarily or automatically when using the Resources.
Using the Resources means that you agree to this Privacy Policy and are over the age of 13. If you are under the age of 18, then your parent or guardian must read and accept this Privacy Policy before you use the Resources. We may change the Privacy Policy from time to time—it’s your responsibility to check it for updates and make sure you still agree with it. If you don’t agree, then you must stop using the Resources, but we (and the animals who need your help) will be sorry to see you go. Your continued use of the Resources after changes are made constitutes your acceptance of the Privacy Policy as modified by those changes.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to Personal Information collected through means other than the Resources, including:
Any other website operated by PETA with a different or with no privacy policy, including, without limitation, the PETA Shop (Shop.PETA.org) and PETAKids.com.
The collection of Personal Information by third parties, including through any service, app, code, or external website (referred to individually as “Third Party Feature” and collectively as “Third Party Features”). PETA doesn’t control those, so please review the privacy policies of any Third Party Feature you use to see how your personal information will be used.
What Personal Information may PETA ask for and use?
“Personal Information” means any information that can be linked to identify a specific individual and is provided by you voluntarily or automatically by using the Resources. Ants use pheromones to identify which nest a single ant among millions belongs to, but we need a few more details to accurately identify people who use our Resources. Some examples of the Personal Information that we need include, but aren’t limited to, names, postal addresses, telephone numbers, IP addresses, e-mail addresses, and browser data.
How may PETA use my Personal Information?
PETA may use your Personal Information in several ways, including, but not limited to, the following:
To do what you ask us to do, such as to send a personalized communication on your behalf when you participate in an action alert
To allow us to show you content related to PETA or its mission when you visit Third Party Features (websites, apps, or resources)
To allow you to use and interact with Third Party Features in the Resources
To send you details about our campaigns, events, activities, local volunteer opportunities, and alerts
To notify you about membership, renewal, and other appeals
To improve our campaigns
To analyze aggregate user behavior and characteristics
To comply with a law or court order
What Third Party Features in the Resources may use my Personal Information?
The Resources may incorporate certain Third Party Features to provide you with the best content and experience. By doing this, we are able to include YouTube videos and Facebook posts on our websites and make our pages load quickly and securely. It’s a win-win arrangement—similar to the way large fish let smaller fish called cleaner wrasses swim inside their mouths to feed on the debris between their teeth.
PETA doesn’t own YouTube, Facebook, or other Third Party Features, so if you use them, it means that you’re agreeing to their respective terms and conditions and privacy policies. Examples include, but are not limited to, the following:
YouTube API Services to display YouTube videos (By interacting with a YouTube video player, you agree to the
YouTube Terms of Service
and
Google Privacy Policy
.)
Intuit Mailchimp (By providing your e-mail address to PETA, you are acknowledging that you have read and you agree to the
Intuit Global Privacy Statement
.)
LogRocket to record sessions with you to help PETA troubleshoot and improve your and other users’ experiences (We will only use LogRocket to record your session if you report a website problem to us and if you agree to help us troubleshoot. By using LogRocket, you acknowledge that you have read and you agree to
LogRocket’s privacy policy
.)
Live Chat Inc.’s services (ChatBot and LiveChat) to communicate with you and share Personal Information, including, without limitation, IP address, device information, and chat content with Live Chat Inc. automatically. (By accessing or using the Resources, you acknowledge that you have read and you agree to the privacy policies of
LiveChat
and
ChatBot
.)
PETA uses the name, logo, and other marks of a third party in connection with this Policy and the Resources solely to identify them and the service(s) that they provide. No third party is otherwise affiliated with, connected to, or associated with PETA.
Does any Resource use “cookies,” “pixels,” or other similar technology?
Yes. Some Resources use cookies, pixels, or other similar technology. Cookies are text files that are sent to your browser by the Resources that help identify your computer. PETA and third parties use cookies to, for example, administer some Resources, track visitor movement, and gather broad demographic and performance information.
But if you’re wondering about the
other
kind of cookies, please visit
PETA.org/Recipes
for delicious vegan recipes. (You can even eat the dough—it’s egg-free!)
Pixels, often used in connection with cookies, are small hidden graphics on webpages that operate as Third Party Features and do things like measuring viewing statistics for a webpage. Cookies and pixels can enhance your experience by, for example, preventing you from having to log in or provide information each time you visit. They can also customize content based on your interests.
Did you know that cows can remember 50 members of their herd and will hold a grudge if one of them treats them badly? Unfortunately, our forms aren’t as smart as cows, but some of them do have a “Remember Me” or similar checkbox that you can click. If you do, a cookie will store Personal Information on the device you’re using, so you don’t have to re-enter your postal address the next time you fill out an Action Alert, for example. It saves you time.
PETA and third parties (including, but not limited to, Google, Meta, and DoubleClick) use cookies and pixels to display ads based on a user’s prior visits, to report how many times you see an ad, and to connect with ad services. These third parties may combine your Personal Information with other information, such as a mailing address, and provide PETA with that information so that we can send relevant marketing offers and other communications to you via e-mail and direct mail.
If you’d like to opt out of some cookies, you may be able to do so by visiting the
Google advertising opt-out page
and
Network Advertising Initiative
. You may also be able to configure the browsers or apps that you use to refuse cookies or to alert you when a webpage is attempting to send a cookie. (But just a heads-up—doing so may prevent the Resources from functioning properly.)
How does PETA protect my Personal Information?
PETA uses security measures to safeguard your Personal Information and protect it from loss, misuse, or alteration (not so different from the male Japanese pufferfish, who protects his mate’s eggs by creating ornate circular patterns on the ocean floor that reduce current flow up to 25%).
Does PETA share (i.e., rent, sell, or trade) my Personal Information?
PETA does share your Personal Information with other PETA entities (and sharing is a good thing, as hermit crabs know—they line up by size to switch shells when they outgrow theirs) and occasionally makes the names and postal addresses of donors available to other reputable advocacy and nonprofit organizations or commercial companies. PETA may also provide third party service providers that we engage to support our activities with your Personal Information in order to allow you to, for example, use Third Party Features or make a donation by credit card to PETA.
How can I correct my Personal Information maintained by PETA?
If you are a member, the easiest way to correct or change your Personal Information is to visit the
members’ section
of PETA.org. You can also contact our membership services team at
Donations@peta.org
or 757-622-7382.
If you are not a member, please e-mail
Privacy@peta.org
.
How do I unsubscribe from e-mail lists?
You can unsubscribe from an e-mail subscription by following the instructions included in the e-mail you receive or by e-mailing
Privacy@peta.org.
Please note that you may continue to receive e-mail subscriptions for some time while your unsubscribe request is being processed.
How can I ask PETA to stop using and/or to delete my Personal Information?
To request that PETA stop using and/or delete your Personal Information, e-mail
Privacy@peta.org
or call 757-622-7382, and a representative will be in touch to discuss your request and how it may impact PETA’s ability to communicate with you and your access to and use of the Resources. You will need to provide a reasonable amount of Personal Information so that we can verify your identity and records in connection with your request.
How can I ask PETA additional questions about this Policy or my Personal Information?
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or your Personal Information, please e-mail
Privacy@peta.org
, call us at 757-622-7382, or send us a letter at the address below, and a representative will be in touch.
PETA
501 Front St.
Norfolk, VA 23510