Waterkaarten cares about the privacy and personal data of its users.
PRIVACY POLICY
INFORMATION PURSUANT TO ART. 13 OF THE EU REGULATION N. 679/2016
(“
GDPR
”)
This Policy explains which of your personal data are collected by Waterkaarten (hereinafter “
we
” or “
Waterkaarten
“), for which purposes and how they are processed. You can also find below the necessary information to enforce your rights provided for by GDPR.
Generally, we collect your personal data if you create an account, when you use our services and products, when you email or call us or send us a message, when you use our websites, apps and social media. We inform you that the personal data collected during such processes will be used in order to reply to your queries, to allow you to use the services and products provided by Waterkaarten, to carry out marketing activities, to provide customer support and to carry out analyses in order to ensure you have a customized user experience on the website and the app, as specified below.
1. Data Controller
Waterkaarten BV with registered office in Amsterdam, Danzigerkade 5, 1013 AP, is the Data Controller of the processing of your personal data, necessary to provide you with the services and products of Waterkaarten and, upon your consent, for marketing purposes, consistently with the purposes and modalities indicated below.
2. Data collection methods
Directly from you
. For example, if you download
the app, if you create an account, send us content or if you send us a query
via email or through other communication means. If you do not communicate your
data we may not activate your account or we may provide you with a very limited
service.
Through the use of the websites and the app
. We use cookies and other analysis tools, to improve the functionalities of the websites and the apps and make their use more efficient. To learn more, please see
our Cookie Policy
.
From third parties.
Your activities on our
websites and apps may be posted on the social media platforms you have an
account on (and of which you have accepted the terms and conditions, including
those relating to the use of your data).
3. Type of processed data
For the purpose of creating your Waterkaarten account and providing you the Waterkaarten services you have requested, as well as giving you customer assistance, we process your personal data such as name (or nickname), email address, telephone number and, when you wish to purchase our products or services, your credit card and other billing information.
Also to allow you to use Waterkaarten’s services and products, we store and process information on your location and that of your device.
To allow you to share the information you decide to disclose to the users of Waterkaarten’s services, we will use data relating to your location and the personal information that you will decide to post using certain features which will be activated exclusively upon your request.
In order to send you commercial information about our products and
services and to submit proposals tailored to your tastes, we may use your email
address, your name and some browsing data, provided you have previously
authorized such processing.
4. Purpose and legal basis of processing – Data retention period
To provide you with Waterkaarten’s services and products, through our apps and our websites, to give you information and assistance for the activation of your account and on Waterkaarten’s services.
The processing of your data is necessary to give you access to the apps and the websites of Waterkaarten and their functionalities, to respond to your requests and to assist you when you use our products and services.
During your use of our products we may collect information about your
location, such as IP address, GPS location or other information sent from your
mobile devices and laptops on which one of our Apps is installed. This
information is mandatory so that we can provide you with our services, such as
the indication of the shortest route, the reporting of obstacles, the
synchronization of your data with other devices. Failure to provide such
information may entail the impossibility to access our services. The
information on your location will be collected only upon your authorization,
which you will provide to us by authorizing the use of the GPS location at the
moment of the activation request. If instead you will not authorize the use of
the GPS location, our App will not have access to information related to your
location and will not be able to operate with all its functionalities. At any
time you can choose to enable or disable the collection of this information
through the settings provided by your device or in the settings of the app.
The legal basis of this processing is the performance of the services you have requested, in accordance with the terms and conditions of Waterkaarten’s service that you have accepted, and the fulfilment of pre-contractual measures that you may have requested. The retention period of your data is equal to the period of activity of your account for the use of Waterkaarten’s services according to the terms and conditions of use that you accepted. The deletion of your account can occur either by your express request or after 24 months (i) from your last activity on the app or (ii) from the expiration of the service you had previously purchased (usually you use our services in a specific season and we believe that you do not intend to use these services anymore if for two seasons we do not detect any activity on your account).
To send you communications in connection with your purchase order.
We may send you emails (or other types of messages, such as
in-app
messages) regarding your account or your purchase of Waterkaarten products and services. The legal basis of this processing is the performance of the agreement you become a party of when you accept the terms and conditions of Waterkaarten’s service and the fulfilment of pre-contractual measures that you may have requested. The retention period of your data is equal to the period required to process the purchase order and, if you have also an account, to the period of activity of your account for the use of Waterkaarten services, according to the terms and conditions of use that you have accepted.
To properly manage your customer account.
We process your data for accounting, administrative and tax purposes, directly related to the business of Waterkaarten as required by the applicable legislation. The legal basis of this processing is the compliance with legal, statutory, obligations and the retention period is equal to that required by law (in particular by tax, anti-money laundering, banking and public security law). For internal administrative purposes, we may also share your data within the Waterkaarten companies group, located abroad, in compliance with the principles set by the GDPR for the transfer of personal data to companies located in a third country (in particular, we could communicate your data to mother companies or Waterkaarten affiliated operating in the United States and which have entered into with Waterkaarten standard data protection clauses approved by the European Commission). The legal basis of such processing is the legitimate interest of Waterkaarten in pursuing its corporate organizational purposes recognised by law. The retention period, where it is not required by law for a longer period (see the previous paragraph), is equal to the duration of your contractual relationship with Waterkaarten (therefore to the activity of your account (see above on the deletion of the account), to the processing of the purchase order or to the provision of assistance and statutory warranty).
To let you interact with customer care operators
. We may use your e-mail address or telephone number, as well as the name and/or postal address, to assist you in case you need help using the app or in general for the use of Waterkaarten’s products and services. Also to provide you customer assistance, we may communicate your data to Waterkaarten’s parent companies or affiliated companies. The legal basis of this processing is the performance of the agreement which you have entered into with Waterkaarten when you have accepted the terms and conditions of use of Waterkaarten’s services and the compliance with the legal obligations regarding statutory due warranties and assistance to the consumer.
To allow you to interact with other users.
Through the Community-function, which is activated only upon your request, you can leave comments or other information on your experiences which can be viewed by other users. The legal basis of this processing is the user’s consent. The retention period of your data is equal to the period of activity of your account for the use of Waterkaarten’s services, according to the terms and conditions of use that you have accepted.
To send essential information concerning your account and your use of Waterkaarten products and services.
We use your email (or other types of messages, such as
in-app
messages) to send you important information regarding the status of your account (for example if some of the services you are registered to are about to expire or if your account is about to be closed according to the terms and conditions of the service you accepted), the security of Waterkaarten products and services or changes to this privacy Policy. The legal basis of this processing is the legitimate interest of Waterkaarten to inform you about your user account and services you have used, and to protect its information systems against security threats. The retention period of data in connection with this processing is equal to the period necessary to carry out the abovementioned communications, provided that there may be a longer retention period, in connection with your use of your account or of Waterkaarten’s services and products (of which you find the details above).
We might also collect information regarding customer assistance or issues occurred to our service. To improve quality of customer care services, subject to applicable legislations, Waterkaarten may also record and listen conversations with customer care operators. The legal basis of this processing is the legitimate interest of Waterkaarten to improve the quality of the services provided to its customers. In addition, Waterkaarten might analyze any feedbacks provided voluntarily through surveys submitted to the client. The legal basis of this processing is the consent of the data subject.
In all the above-mentioned cases, the retention period of the data is
equal to the period of activity of your account.
To improve the quality of our cartography and services.
The data of users concerning the navigation, after being anonymized, can also be used to process information, including statistics, necessary to improve or correct our maps and services, thus contributing to the safety of navigation and quality of our products. The legal basis of the processing necessary to anonymize the data is the legitimate interest of Waterkaarten in the quality and safety of its products and services provided to users.
To prevent or assess unlawful conduct, to protect and enforce our rights.
For example, we may use your data to prevent or prosecute torts and infringements, including of our – and third parties’ – intellectual/industrial property rights, or to prevent or prosecute cybercrimes or crimes committed through the internet. The legal basis of such processing is the legitimate interest of Waterkaarten to protect its rights and to prevent criminal offences. The retention period of your data is equal to the time reasonably necessary to enforce our rights from the moment we become aware of the offence or of its potential commission.
To monitor and improve our products, services and websites.
With your consent, we analyse your data to improve our approach towards you and our customers in general, through automated processings, including profiling.We do this so that we can make better decisions related to services, advertising, products and content based on greater awareness of how our customers use our services and to ensure you a customized user experience. For such purpose we may also collect the advertising identifier of your mobile device (IDFA – Identifier for Advertising – for iOS devices and ADID – Google Advertising ID – for Android devices) to enable us to always provide you with targeted and accurate ads based on your preferences and your interests. The legal basis for this processing is your consent. This consent can be revoked at any time by sending a request to
support@waterkaarten.app
. This data will be retained as long as your account is active.
For Waterkaarten’s and its own partners’ marketing purposes.
After having obtained your consent, you may be contacted by Waterkaarten via mail, via email and online notifications with promotional content regarding Waterkaarten’s products and services. Also subject to your further consent, we may disclose your data to select Waterkaarten’s marine industry partners for the purpose of informing you about their products and services (in such case you will find the explicit mention of the partner that may receive your data with a link to its privacy policy). The legal basis for this processing is your consent. You can revoke your consent at any time by clicking “Unsubscribe” in a marketing email or sending a request to
support@waterkaarten.app
To obtain information on the use of the website.
When
you browse our website, even when you do so without being registered or having
logged in, the software procedures and the computer system controlling the
functioning of the web applications acquire, during their normal operation,
some data whose transmission is implicit in the use of Internet communication
protocols.
This information is not collected to be associated with identified data
subjects, but due to their very nature they could, through processing and
associations with data held by the Data Controller or by third parties, allow
users to be identified.
In case of unregistered users, geographical location data will only be
used in an anonymous form that does not in any way allow, even in combination
with the Unique Device Identifier (UDID), the MAC address, the IMEI or IMSI
codes or other customer codes, to trace, directly or indirectly to your identity.
In any case, unregistered users who do not intend or cannot download the new
app and who in any case do not read this Policy and do not express preferences
on the processing of their data, will no longer be subject to the processing of
personal data.
This category of data includes IP addresses or domain names of the devices used by users connecting to the application or to the websites, the addresses in URI (Uniform Resource Identifier) notation of the requested resources, the time of the request, the method used to submit the request to the server, the size of the file obtained in response, the numerical code given by the server indicating the status of the response (successful, error, etc.), the visited sections of the website, the type of device used, the country from which you connect and other parameters related to the operating system and the user’s computer environment. Waterkaarten uses this information solely to allow navigation on its websites and to process the operations normally related to the use of the website and of the apps in connection to customer care activities. The legal basis of this processing is the legitimate interest of Waterkaarten to communicate with the public through telematic networks and to assist its own customers in order to improve products and services. The retention period of the information that could potentially allow the identification is 30 days from access to the website.
Data obtained from browsing may be used also to determine your preferences and carry out web analytics activities to evaluate the profitability of each online activity and understand the user’s behaviours with the aim of improving the available services. It is however your right to object, at any time and without charge, to the processing of your data for this purpose. The legal basis for this processing is your consent. The retention period of the data related to the website’s navigation for analysis purposes is 12 months from access to the website. To learn more, please see
our Cookie Policy
.
To obtain information on the use of the app.
We
may collect data relating the type of device that you are using, or the
operating System version of your computer or device. We may also analyse how
often you use the app and from where you downloaded it.
You can express your preferences on the methods through which we use data on mobile devices through the privacy settings page of your Waterkaarten apps.
For these purposes we use third parties’ tools.
Third party’s tool
Purposes
Information used
Deactivation
Crashlytics   – Firebase
Data collection for the analysis of abnormal events  (e.g. crash) in order to improve the quality of the product and solve any problems.
Identification data of the mobile device on which the abnormal event occurred.
You can disable this feature via the privacy settings page of your Waterkaarten apps.
Among these tools there are some that we use to handle technical
problems in the app, whose resolution requires the use and sharing of the
identification data of the mobile device with our service providers. This
function will only use your data if you have spontaneously activated and
authorized it.
The legal basis of the processing is the legitimate interest of Waterkaarten to improve the quality of the services offered to its users and the security of its application. The retention period of the information used for this purpose is 3 months from the moment of collection.
In relation to the aforementioned purposes, the processing of personal
data takes place using manual, IT and telematic tools with logics strictly
related to the purposes themselves and, in any case, in order to guarantee the
security and confidentiality of the same data in compliance with the law.
Analytics Services:
We collect data from users about their usage of our apps. The types of
analytical information that are collected include the date and time the app
accesses our servers, app version, the location of the device, language
setting, what information and files have been downloaded to the app, user
behaviour (e.g., features used, frequency of use), device state information,
device model, hardware and operating system information, and information
relating to how the app functions.
Waterkaarten uses this data to improve the quality and functionality of our apps; to develop and market products and features that best serve you and other users; and to help identify and fix app stability issues and other usability problems as quickly as possible.
Google Analytics for Firebase is used on our mobile apps to better
understand usage of our apps, to improve user experience, and to track
migration of users to new versions of the apps. You can find out more
information about how this analytics information may be used, how to control
the use of your information, and how to opt-out of having your data used by
Google Analytics by clicking
here
.
The legal ground for processing this analytical information is our legitimate interest in understanding how our customers interact with our apps so we can enhance the user experience and functionality of our apps.
5. Transfer of data
All data is safely stored and hosted in line with GDPR regulations at
the facilities of KPN Internedservices, managed cloud – and hosting solutions.
Data processing for customers services and improvement of the products is done at the office of Waterkaarten BV; Danzigerkade 5, 1013 AP Amsterdam.
6. Recipients of the personal data
With other Waterkaarten’s users.
If you activate the Community- function you can interact with other users, to whom the objects (POI) which you will insert or modify, your comments, your nickname, and the other information that you want to share will be visible. By default this feature does not reveal your nickname to other users, until you decide to make your nickname visible. After you have done so, you can always change your mind and restore the “private” mode, which will make the shared POIs from that moment onwards no longer connectable to your identity.
With service providers.
Waterkaarten uses third-party services (cloud, analysis, profiling, messaging, app and website browsing functionalities and components of Waterkaarten’s products and services) that operate as data processors pursuant to agreements in compliance with art. 28 GDPR and in accordance with the provisions relating to the transfer of data to third countries, where such data are actually transferred. These subjects acquire only the personal data necessary to fulfil their functions and may use them only for the purpose of performing these services on our behalf or to comply with the law. The updated list of third-party suppliers, operating as data processors pursuant to art. 28 GDPR, is available by sending a request to
support@waterkaarten.app
.
With judicial or administrative authorities.
Where
we believe we have to do so to comply with an order from the judge or from an
authority, or to comply with legal obligations or in order to protect us or
third parties judicially, we may disclose your data to the Judicial Authority
or to a Governmental Agency in The Netherlands or the European Union.
With Waterkaarten’s commercial partners.
If you accept, at the time of expressing your preferences regarding personal data, to let your data to be communicated to Waterkaarten’s commercial partners, they may process them according to the privacy policy they will submit to you.
7. Minors
The websites, the app and Waterkaarten’s services and products in general are not intended for minors under the age of 18, who shall not therefore provide personal data to Waterkaarten. In the event that Waterkaarten becomes aware that it has collected personal data from users under the age of 18, it will take the necessary steps to delete such information as soon as possible.
8
. Cookie Policy of Waterkaarten B.V.
We use cookies and other tracking technologies on our website, such as technical (or browsing), functional, analytical and marketing (or profiling) cookies. You can read more about cookies and tracking in
our Cookie Policy
.
9. Update of the privacy policy
We may introduce changes to our privacy policy. We will notify you in
relation to these changes by publishing an updated version on our website and
by notifying you via email and with other messages that may be available on the
app. It will have a different date than the one shown below. Please visit the
website periodically for updates.
Updated on 15 April 2020