Last Revised: 23 january, 2019
Preambule
This privacy policy ("Policy") describes the way Duvoor Media handles personally identifiable information and data. This Policy applies to our mobile applications, websites, emails, text messages and social media accounts (the "Application" and other services available through our Application). When you use the Application or our Services, you agree to the terms of this Policy.
We reserve the right to change the provisions of this Policy at any time. We will alert you that changes have been made by adjusting the date letting you know when this Policy was last revised. We encourage you to review this Policy from time-to-time to make sure that you understand how any personally identifiable information you provide to us or collected about you will be used.
What is personal information and data?
Personal data means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (‘data subject’). An identifiable natural person in one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person.
Personally identifiable information does not include "aggregate" information, which is data we collect about the use of the Service or about a group or category of services or users, from which individual identities or other personally identifiable information has been removed. This Policy in no way restricts or limits our collection and use of aggregate information. If we don’t need your personal data for a process or activity, we delete them. We only keep your data as long as necessarily.
What information do we collect?
There is a distinction between active collection and passive collection. In the active collection, we collect information from you in various ways when you use the Service. For example, when you use the Service, we collect information:
that is provided to us (such as your name, email address, telephone number, postal address, date of birth, expiration date, authentication code, or similar information);
to which you provide us access;
about you that is publicly available; and
received by us about you from third-party sources (such as credit agencies).
You can choose not to provide certain personally identifiable information but, if you choose to do so, you might not be able to take advantage of the Service. We do not store the data longer than necessary.
When you use the Service, some information is also automatically collected, such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address, your operating system, the browser type, the address of a referring website, and your activity on the Service. This is the passive collection. We may also automatically collect certain logistical information in server logs, including information about how you use various features of the Service and information about the number, frequency and length of each session.
We may also automatically collect certain information through the use of "cookies." Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive at the request of a website. Among other things, cookies help us to improve the Service and your experience. If we link cookies to any personally identifiable information, we will treat this information as personally identifiable information. If you wish to block, erase, or be warned of cookies, please refer to your browser manufacturer to learn about these functions. However, if you choose to remove or reject cookies, this could affect certain features or services made available via the Service.
We may also employ the use of anonymous identifiers, which are random strings of characters that are used for the same purposes as cookies on platforms, including certain mobile devices, where cookie technology is not available.
We may use Web beacons or similar technology on the Service. Web beacons are small, invisible graphic images that may be used on the Service or in emails relating to the Service to collect certain information and monitor user activity on the Service, such as to count visits, understand usage effectiveness and to tell if an email has been opened and acted upon.
We may collect device-specific information (such as your hardware model, operating system version, unique device identifiers, and mobile network information including phone number). We may associate your device identifiers or phone number with your Duvoor Media account.
Personally identifiable information will be stored on secured servers, and we may store and process personally identifiable information in the United States and other countries.
How Do We Use the Personally Identifiable Information We Collect?
We use personally identifiable information collected through the Service for the purposes described in this Policy or elsewhere on the Service. For example, we may use personally identifiable information we collect:
to process and complete any transactions in connection the Service (e.g., to sell you a hotel room);
to conclude and carry out our agreement with you;
to request feedback and to otherwise contact you about your use of the Service;
to respond to your emails, questions, comments, requests and complaints, and to provide customer service;
to monitor and analyse Service usage and trends;
to personalize and improve the Service, and our users' experiences with the Service (such as providing content or features that match interests), and to increase the Service's functionality and user friendliness;
to provide you with news and information about our or third-party events, offers, promotions and services we think will be of interest to you;
to send you confirmations, updates, security alerts and support and administrative messages, and otherwise facilitate your use of, and our administration and operation of, the Service;
to notify you about important changes to the Service; and
for any other purpose for which the information was collected.
What Personally Identifiable Information Do We Share With Third-Parties?
We will not knowingly share the personally identifiable information we collect from you through the Service with third-parties, except as described in this Policy or on the Service. For example, we may share personally identifiable information as follows:
with vendors, consultants, and other service providers ("Service Providers") who are engaged by or working with us in connection with the operation of the Service and who need access to such information to carry out their work for us;
with hotels where you have purchased a hotel room through the Service;
when you give us your consent to do so, including if we notify you on the Service that the information you provide will be shared in a particular manner and you provide such information;
in an aggregated or anonymized form that does not directly identify you;
when we believe in good faith that we are lawfully authorized or required to do so or that doing so is reasonably necessary or appropriate to comply with the law or legal processes or to respond to lawful requests or legal authorities including, but not limited to, responding to lawful subpoenas, warrants, or court orders;
when we believe in good faith that we are lawfully authorized or required to do so or that doing so is reasonably necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of Duvoor Media, our users, our employees, copyright owners, third-parties or the public including, but not limited to, protecting Duvoor Media or our users from fraudulent, abusive, inappropriate, or unlawful use of the Service;
to enforce or apply this Policy, the Terms, or our other policies or agreements; and
in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition, or in any other situation where personally identifiable information may be disclosed or transferred as one of the business assets of Duvoor Media.
You understand that when you use the Service, information you provide via the Service, information you grant access to by using the Service, as well as any information you share with individuals through the Service, will be available to other users and in some cases may be publicly available (with the exception of personally identifiable information, which shall not become publicly available, unless such personally identifiable information is shared by you as part of a review, photo submission or other similar method)
We are not responsible for the actions of Service Providers or other third-parties, nor are we responsible for any additional information you provide directly to any other users or third-parties, and we encourage you to become familiar with third-party privacy practices before disclosing information directly to any such third-parties. Nothing herein restricts the sharing of aggregated or anonymized information, which may be shared with third-parties without your consent.
Links to other websites
The Service may contain links to other websites. Any personally identifiable information you provide on the linked pages is provided directly to that third- party and is subject to that third-party's privacy policy. This Policy does not apply to such linked websites, and we are not responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and policies of these websites or any other websites that are linked to/from the Service. We encourage you to learn about their privacy and security practices and policies before providing them with personally identifiable information.
What steps do we take to protect your information online?
We take reasonable measures to protect your personally identifiable information in an effort to prevent loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. Please be aware, however, that despite our efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable, and no method of data transmission can guarantee against any interception or any other type of misuse. To assist with the protection of personally identifiable information, you must keep your password confidential and not disclose it to any other person. You are responsible for all uses of the Service by any person using your password. Please advise us immediately if you believe your password has been misused.
What choices do you have regarding the use of your information?
You have the right to "opt out" of receiving marketing or promotional emails from us by following the instructions in those emails. You may also opt out of such marketing emails by following the instructions within such emails or emailing us at info@duvoormedia.nl. If you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as emails about your account or our ongoing business relations.
If your personal data is processed, you also have privacy rights. We most certainly respect those rights. The more specific you are with your application, the better we can handle your question. We aim to respond to your request as quickly as possible. In some instances this could take up to one month (if legally allowed). Should we require more time to complete your request, we will let you know how much longer we need and provide reasons for the delay.
In certain cases, we may deny your request. If it's legally permitted, we will let you know in due course why we denied it. Please send us your detailed request at info@duvoormedia.nl.
Questions?
If you have any questions about this Policy, please contact us at info@duvoormedia.nl.