S&P 500
5,662.89
(
-0.22%
)
US TECH 100
19,166.80
(
-0.36%
)
Dow Jones
41,953.32
(
-0.03%
)
Brent Oil
71.85
(
-0.03%
)
Bitcoin
84,611.54
(
0.57%
)
Cookie and Privacy Policy
Last Updated: October 6, 2023
InvestorsHub.com, Inc. (“Investors Hub”) is committed to protecting your privacy. We developed this Privacy Policy 
            to share with you our information collection practices and the options you have when visiting
, or using its 
            applications or related services (hereinafter referred to as “the Website” or “the Site”) via any client or application. 
            This Privacy Policy is an online Privacy Policy and applies only to information collected from you through this Website. 
            This Privacy Policy does not apply to information that you furnish to us offline or in any other manner except through 
            this Website.
Please note that other websites affiliated with InvestorsHub.com, Inc. may be governed by separate policies. When 
            visiting any of our other sites, please refer to its Privacy Policy.
By agreeing to the terms of this Site, you accept the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
Investors Hub occasionally may update this Privacy Policy. When we do, we will revise the "updated" date at the top of 
            the Privacy Policy. In the event that we make material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you at our option 
            either by placing a prominent notice on the home page of our Website or by sending you a notification directly. We 
            encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically to stay fully informed about how we are protecting your personal 
            information.
Who is Collecting Your Information
Investors Hub and its affiliates are the sole owners of the information collected; except as otherwise provided in this 
            Privacy Policy, we will not sell, share or loan this information to any third party. However, we may use and share 
            aggregated information that does not personally identify you with third parties in order to improve the Site for our 
            Website users. You can always be assured the information we collect is used to provide a more personalized experience 
            for our Website users. Such "site usage" and statistical information may be made public information at Investors Hub’s 
            discretion.
Please note that we do not control all content served in conjunction with our Site. Investors Hub site may include 
            content from other parties that may perform user activity tracking other than that described herein. In particular, some 
            of our partners may use "cookies" in ways that we do not.
None of the required information and/or optional information collected on any form on this Website is used for other
            purposes than those stated on such form or in this Privacy Policy; however, as discussed below in more detail, Investors
            Hub may share information provided through the Website with third parties under contract with Investors Hub to assist in 
            providing certain services or other features offered to our Website users, such as ADVFN market data content. In the event 
            that Investors Hub utilizes a third party to provide such services, our contract with the third party will include 
            obligations upon the third party to keep all information obtained during such contract confidential and secure. For 
            additional information on how ADVFN collects and stores data, please visit https://www.advfn.com/common/legal/privacy.
What is Collected, and How Do We Use It
As referenced throughout this Privacy Policy, the term “Personally Identifiable Information” means any piece of information 
            that potentially can be used to uniquely identify, contact, or locate a single person and that Investors Hub collects from 
            you. Personally Identifiable Information includes, without limitation, the following: user name, password, first name, last 
            name, address, e-mail address, phone number, credit card number, IP addresses, device and client identifiers, 
            submissions to website including support requests, administrative history, public and private posts, and audio or video in 
            which you are depicted or identifiable.
Any Personally Identifiable Information collected by Investors Hub will be safeguarded to protect against unauthorized 
            access. Procedures are in place to secure any personal information provided to Investors Hub. Investors Hub stores your 
            personal information in a computer database on dedicated servers that allow only limited access. Investors Hub employs 
            commercially reasonable efforts to protect this information from loss, misuse, and other unauthorized disclosure, alteration 
            or destruction.
Although you may browse the public pages of our Website without registering or providing any Personally Identifiable 
            Information other than IP addresses, certain sections of our Site do include forms on which you may choose to supply 
            personalized information that will enable you to make purchases online, access premium content or receive individualized 
            services or features that we cannot offer anonymous users, and certain other pages of our Website can be accessed only 
            by registered users. You can always choose not to provide information; however, if you do choose not to provide such 
            information, you may not be able to make purchases via the Site, access certain areas of the Website, obtain premium 
            content, or take advantage of certain other Website features.
Except as necessary to facilitate or fulfill any aspect of any services, products or features that you purchase, request, 
            register for or subscribe to via the Website, or as otherwise set forth in this Privacy Policy, we will not intentionally 
            sell, lease, share or exchange your Personally Identifiable Information with any third party.
In order to access pages requiring registration, you will be required to create a User Account by completing the registration 
            form and creating a User ID, alias and password. If you create a User Account, Investors Hub collects certain Personally 
            Identifiable Information when you register, including your user name, alias, password, first name, last name, and e-mail 
            address. This information is stored for internal purposes only unless Investors Hub is required to disclose this information 
            pursuant to law or court order. However, if you post or send offensive, inappropriate or objectionable content anywhere on 
            Investor’s Hub, Investors Hub can use information available to it about you to stop such behavior. This may involve informing 
            relevant third parties such as your employer, school e-mail/Internet provider and law enforcement agencies about the content 
            and your behavior.
If you subscribe for premium services, such as Investors Hub's Message Board Packages or you wish to gift a subscription to 
            another person, a credit card number as well as contact for a third party recipient, if applicable, will be collected. It is 
            optional for you to decide whether to provide additional information beyond these items. Credit card information for subscriptions is never 
            stored on or by Investors Hub. It is processed entirely by Verisign or other similar third-party processor via secure 
            transaction. Note that credit card information may be stored by Investors Hub with respect to recurring Investors Hub Newswire 
            Services and for commercial advertising/marketing clients. For subscriptions to ADVFN's Real Time Market Data services, 
            ADVFN, a third-party, will collect credit card information for purposes of recurring subscriptions to this service.
The following are categories of information we collect:
Traffic Data
Web Browser type and version
Operating system
Specific web page on iInvestors HubHub
Referrer URL. (The URL from which you reach our website)
IP address
Date and time of access
Geo location based on IP address
Such data only enables Investors Hub to:
Provide non-identifiably analytics data
Improve the content of our website
Monitor any gaps in service delivery
Monitor and prohibit malicious activity on our website
Such data is stored on secure servers in a web server file format.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. ("Google"). Google utilizes the Data collected to track and examine the use
		of this Application, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services.
Google may use the Data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
To opt out of Google analytics
click here.
ComScore
ComScore is media measurement and analytics company providing marketing data and analytics to advertisers. Advertisers on Investors Hub may use ComScore
		to target users based on their demographics. The data held by ComScore is governed by their
privacy policy
. 
        You can opt-out of browser tracking
here
. Investors Hub
		does not share your personal data with ComScore and does not take responsibility of processing and storage of your personal information if
		any of our advertising partners obtain your data from ComScore.
Facebook
The Facebook Like button and social widgets are services allowing interaction with the Facebook social network provided by Meta Platforms, Inc.
This type of service allows interaction with the Facebook platforms directly from Investors Hub.
The interaction and information obtained through Investors Hub are always subject to the User's privacy settings for Facebook.
Facebook might collect traffic data for the pages where the service is installed, even when Users do not use it.
Twitter
The Twitter Tweet button and social widgets are services allowing interaction with the Twitter social network provided by Twitter, Inc.
Twitter may collect cookie and usage data even when the service is not used.
Personal Information
Data collected upon registration
When creating a user account on Investors Hub, the following personal information is collected, including but not limited to:
First Name
Last Name
Alias
Password
Email Address
Tracking Cookie (Optional if you registered via an Investors Hub marketing campaign)
Date and Time
Your consent to process this information
Your consent to receive our email services
IP address
If you have consented for us to process your information, Investors Hub will process, use and store this data for the following purposes:
Our authentication service to log you into the website;
Our marketing service to evaluate which campaigns work best;
To allow the use of all personalized functionality on the website;
For fraud protection and quality control;
If we do not receive your consent to store and process the above information we will be unable to provide any of our personalized 
        (i.e login required) services.
Data collected upon activation
After registering with Investors Hub, you will be sent an email with a link to activate your account. By clicking on service activation link, we will
			collect the following information:
Date and time
Your Country based on your IP Address
Reference to the email content we sent to you
(Optional) Your consent to receive our email service
The activation email verifies that you have access to the email address you supplied which will be used to communicate the purchase of our service 
            subscription or major site affecting issues.
Data collected when purchasing an Investors Hub subscription:
Investors Hub subscriptions are processed by Paypal/Verisign. The following information is returned to Investors Hub by the processor:
Card type
Last 4 digits of account number
Card expiration YYMM
Date and Time
Transaction ID
Email Services
If you give consent to receive our email services, Investors Hub will distribute the following types of emails to you:
Notifications when new messages arrive in your Investors Hub mailbox
News and periodical reports - We send snapshots on the recent market activity.
Service Announcements - Updates for improvement to our website and special offer to our subscriptions.
Third party communications - Content provided by third parties.
Newswire - Press releases, investment opinion reports or marketing pieces provided by third parties.
You can manage the email services and the types of communications you receive by:
Clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of our email;
Visiting https://ih.advfn.com/common/unsubscribe and entering your email address in the space provided;
Contacting customer services at help@investorshub.com or telephone 1-888-992-3836
You can deactivate new message notifications by visiting
My Site Options
and setting the appropriate options to "No."
Advertising
Investors Hub may show you personalized adverts from one or more of our advertising partners. We do not share personal information like your name, 
    address, email address or phone number with our advertising partners.
Our advertising partners will store information about your interactions with their adverts. They will use this information to show you more relevant 
    adverts or limit the adverts you see. Generally, advertiser would track your interactions by using cookies. (To understand what cookies are and how 
    Investor Hub uses them please see "Investors Hub cookies" in this policy.) Information processed and stored by our advertising partners will be held 
    and governed in accordance with their privacy policy.
It may seem like Investors Hub have passed or received information about you by the clever way adverts work.
For example, you may have browsed Amazon's website before checking Investors Hub. Amazon will have access to your information and all the products 
    you nearly purchased. Amazon will also have placed a cookie to identify you. When Investors Hub shows to a generic Amazon advert, Amazon would be able to 
    identify you by their cookie and be able to personalize the advert for you. At no point is the information in the advert passed to Investors Hub 
    or information from Investors Hub passed to Amazon.
Here is a list of Investors Hub advertising partners who are not integrated with the consent management tool:
Advertiser
Privacy Policy
Opt Out
Google
Privacy policy
Opt out
Amazon
Privacy policy
Opt out
LiveRamp
Privacy policy
Opt out
Additionally, you can find out more and opt out of third party advertisers here:
youronlinechoices.com/uk/your-ad-choices
optout.networkadvertising.org/
This Site is affiliated with Publisher First, Inc. dba Freestar ("Freestar") for the purposes of placing advertising on the Site, 
        and Freestar will collect and use certain data for advertising purposes. To learn more about Freestar’s data usage,
click here.
LiveRamp
When you use our website and enter your email address on our website (either to log in, or to sign up for a newsletter, or similar), 
        we may share with LiveRamp and its group companies information that we collect from you, such as your email (in hashed, pseudonymous form), 
        IP address, or information about your browser or operating system, with any of the following, acting as "joint controllers" 
        (as applicable and defined in the GDPR).
LiveRamp uses this information to create an online identification code that we may store in our 
        first-party cookie for our use in online, in-app, and cross-channel advertising. This may be shared with advertising companies to enable 
        interest-based and targeted advertising. LiveRamp uses this information to create an online identification code for the purpose of recognizing 
        you on your devices. This code does not contain any of your directly identifiable personal data and will not be used by LiveRamp to 
        re-identify you. Detailed information on LiveRamp's data processing activities is available in LiveRamp's privacy policy
liveramp.com/privacy/
. You have the right to withdraw your consent or opt-out to the 
        processing of your personal data at any time at
liveramp.com/opt_out/
.
Notices
Our Website offers features that allow you to receive electronic alerts, including but not limited to Daily Markets Bulletin, 
            Forex Weekly News, Investors Hub Service Announcements, Commercial and Special Offers List, notices about updates to our 
            Website, other promotional announcements, new products and other information. When you sign up for such electronic alerts 
            or notices, we will collect certain Personally Identifiable Information, which may include without limitation your name, 
            mobile number (if you opt in to receive text alerts), e-mail address and other basic contact information. As noted, we will 
            send you occasional updates about the site, various market update information from us and our parent company, ADVFN, and 
            select advertising via email. In any such email you will have an "opt-out" link you can use to remove yourself from the lists 
            for any and all specific types of emails we may send, or you can contact us at support@InvestorsHub.com. We send the emails
            ourselves and do NOT give or sell your email address to marketers or anyone else.
Newsletters and Other Subscriptions.
Various pages on our Website include forms that permit you to subscribe to newsletters or other subscriptions. When you register 
            to receive newsletters or other subscriptions, we will collect certain Personally Identifiable Information, which may include 
            without limitation your name, address, phone number, e-mail address, confirmation of age and other basic contact information.
Online Purchases/Premium Content
If you order products or subscribe to premium content via our Website, we will collect Personally Identifiable Information, 
            which may include without limitation, name, address, phone number, e-mail address, and shipping and other contact information 
            for the recipient of the item (if different than yours), your name and account number (if applicable) as well as payment 
            information, such as credit card number, billing address, expiration date and other billing information. We do not store credit 
            card information after a transaction is completed, with the exception of payments for recurring Investors Hub Newswire Services and for 
            commercial advertising/marketing clients.
Surveys and Other Voluntary Demographic Information
In addition to the above information, certain forms on various pages throughout our Site may ask users to voluntarily provide a limited amount of demographic information. In addition, Investors Hub or its affiliates may conduct online surveys that ask you for demographic data, such as your zip code, age or income level. Investors Hub or Investors Hub's agents may also contact you by e-mail, using your e-mail address collected when you filled out one of the forms on our Website, with the option to participate in consumer research studies. Providing such demographic information and participating in such surveys or other consumer research are always voluntary. Investors Hub aggregates the responses we receive before using the information to improve the products and services we offer. We do not link your individual responses to your personal information at any time. Investors Hub uses this information only for internal marketing research to help us better serve our users and customers.
Marketing, Promotional or Other Transactional Communications
As noted above, if you have opted in to receive marketing, promotional or other informational communications from or on behalf 
            of Investors Hub, we may use your e-mail address from time to time to contact you to announce new features, products or services 
            that may be available in our stores or on our Website or to send news and information regarding Investors Hub or its products or 
            services. You can opt out of receiving these promotional communications at any time by following the instructions in the e-mail 
            or emailing support@InvestorsHub.com.
We may also use your e-mail address to contact you to verify and/or update any information related to services, features or 
            transactions that you have requested via our Website. Although you may opt out of the promotional e-mails as noted above, you 
            should be aware that, that as long as you use our products and services or otherwise maintain a business relationship with us,
            however, you may not opt out of receiving communications from us relating specifically to those products and services or that 
            business relationship.
Private Message and other Contact Pages
You may also provide Personally Identifiable Information to us when you voluntarily communicate with us, such as by requesting 
            information via e-mail, support requests, TOS reports, Requests for Deletion Review, utilizing the private message features on 
            the Website, or otherwise contacting us electronically. We may retain such Personally Identifiable Information for use and 
            disclosure consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Change in Ownership or Business Transfers
As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy assets. In such transactions, customer information generally is 
            one of the transferred business assets. Also, in the event that Investors Hub or substantially all of its assets are acquired, 
            customer information, including Personally Identifiable Information, will of course be one of the transferred assets to the 
            extent permissible under law.
Other Information
With your consent, we also collect additional information about how you use and access our Website to analyze trends, 
            administer our Website, track user’s navigation on the Site and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use, which 
            enables us to improve the Site by making it more accessible and easier to navigate. For example, we may automatically receive 
            and record information in our server logs from your browser, including your IP address (the Internet address of your PC), 
        the type and version of your web browser, referrer addresses and other generally-accepted log information. IP 
            addresses may be linked to other Personally Identifiable Information. We may also record page views (hit counts) and other 
            general statistical and tracking information, which will be aggregated with that of other users in order to understand how 
            our Website is being used.
Referrers
A “referrer” is the information passed along by a web browser that references the web URL you linked from and is automatically 
            collected by our Web server. We may collect and use this information to understand the Websites referring traffic to our Website 
            and to present appropriate content to our potential users. We may tabulate referrer information on an aggregate basis to identify 
            trends and traffic patterns. Investors Hub may share aggregated demographic information with our partners. This is not linked to 
            any personal information that identifies any individual person. Investors Hub may use your profile information to create 
            personalized content, offers, and services, but this information will only be used by Investors Hub and its affiliates.
Your right to access and update your personal information
You may have the right to access the personal information held about you. To
		obtain a copy of the personal information we hold about you, please send an
		email to
support@investorshub.com
or write to us at InvestorsHub.com, Inc.,
		 Suite 801-137, 3122 Mahan Dr, Tallahassee, FL 32308-2502
If there are any changes to your personal data or if you believe that the
		personal data we have about you is inaccurate, incomplete, misleading or
	not up-to-date, please contact
support@investorshub.com
so that we may
		take steps to update your personal data.
Disclosure of personal information
Investors Hub does not sell or share your personal information.
Your personal information is only shared with third parties when you access
		their adverts through our website and give explicit consent to those third
		parties to process and hold your personal information for that specific
		advert. If you consent to receive future adverts from those third parties,
		they will process and store your personal information for future
		communications. Information processed and stored by those third parties
		will be held and governed in accordance with their privacy policy. Note: Any pre-populated form fields are not sent
            to the third-party advertiser unless and until you choose to explicitly submit the form.
We may share your information with our related companies so that they can provide products and
		services to you where you consented.
As a part of providing you with our services, and for the management and
		operations of these services, and to comply with legal and regulatory
		requirements, we may be required or need to disclose your personal
		information to the following third parties:
Law enforcement, governmental or administrative agencies or when directed to
			do so by a court or tribunal of competent jurisdiction.
Data breach reporting
If a data security breach occurs, we will notify this to the relevant
		regulatory body promptly and in any event no later than 72 hours of
		discovery. Where we are unable to make such notification within 72 hours we
		will provide the reason for such delay.
Any individual impacted will be informed where there exists a high risk to
		the rights and freedom of the client. We will do so without undue delay.
Investors Hub may revise this privacy policy from time to time on this page. Please
		check back regularly for updates.
Cookies
What is a cookie
A cookie is a small text file that is store on your computer/device.
		They can be read by the site that created the cookie and yourself. A Website
		will use the cookie to read and write information to make the website work,
		or work in a better more efficient way.  By continuing to use this Website after your initial “opt-in” acceptance, you consent to our use of cookies.
Type of Cookie
Description & Example
Essential
These are cookies are required for the operation of the website.
CookiePrompt - Used to check if you have seen the consent management tool
SID - A secure unique id for logged in users
__cfduid - The __cfduid cookie is used to identify individual clients behind a shared IP address and apply security settings on a per-client basis.
More info
hubOrigID - This is used for legacy Investors Hub pages to store your account identification during and between visiting our site
Investors HubUserID - This is used to store your account identification during and between visiting our site
IHCheckSum - A unique id used to validate your browsing session with the website
username - This is used to determine your access level to market data originating from ADVFN
Analytics & Performance
They allow us to recognize and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily and speed up high volume pages.
Google Analytics is Google’s analytics tool that helps website and app owners to understand how their visitors engage with their properties. It may use a set of cookies to collect information and report website usage statistics without personally identifying individual visitors to Google. To view more infomation about the cookies used by Google Anayltics
click here
Advertising
These cookies record your visit to our website, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. We will use this information to make our website and the advertising displayed on it more relevant to your interests.
					Investors Hub and its affiliate ADVFN operate an in-house advertising system which does not share any information with third parties.
OASISID, MKTA_THEOASIS, MKTA_GT - These cookies are used by Investors Hub's (ADVFN's) legacy advertising system
aas_vid, im - These cookies are used by Investors Hub's (ADVFN’s) current advertising system
To manage or find out more about third party advertising cookies please see our
advertising
section in our privacy policy.
How do you turn off cookies?
Your browser should let you control whether websites you visit can use
		cookies or not. If you are unsure how to do this, please consult the help
		files available via the Help menu in your browser or go to
allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/index.html
for online help.
Please note that turning cookies off will restrict your use of the website,
		stopping you from accessing many features that require you to be logged in.
Third party cookies
Third party partners of Investors Hub  use their own cookies and have their own
		privacy policies.
Third party cookies are used to gather statistics but cannot be used to
		identify individuals. We allow our partners to serve these third-party
		cookies, but we do not have access to them.
A large proportion of the advertisements you see on the website are
		generated by third parties.
Cookies are often used by these third-party partners to allow them to track
		the number of people who have clicked on or seen a particular advert or
		page and how many people have seen the advert or page more than once. Parts
		of this statistical data may be shared with us by third parties, allowing
		us to improve the targeting and placement of adverts on the website.
Your browser should let you disable third party cookies. If you are unsure
		how to do this, please see the
advertising
section in our privacy policy or
How do you turn off cookies
above.
Your Consent
By accepting these terms, you consent to our online privacy policy.
Special Notification with respect to Children's Privacy (Users under the age of 18)
In response to concerns about protecting children's privacy online, Congress enacted the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 
            1998 ("COPPA"), which sets forth rules and procedures governing the ways in which Web sites may collect, use and disclose any personal 
            information for children under the age of 13. Further, the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) requires that EU-resident users 
            be at least 16 years old. Investors Hub does not target children under the age of 18 and does not offer or knowingly sell any of its 
            products or services to children. Moreover, Investors Hub DOES NOT:
Request or knowingly collect personally identifiable online or offline contact information from users under 18 years of age;
Knowingly use or share personal information from users under 18 years of age with third parties;
Give children the ability to publicly post or otherwise distribute personally identifiable contact information;
Entice children with the prospect of a special game, prize or other activity to divulge more information than is needed 
                    to participate in the activity.
Other Disclosure
Investors Hub and its affiliates may disclose any or all of your Personally Identifiable Information if we are required to do so
            by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the law or comply with legal process served 
            on us (for example, under a subpoena, court order or other regulatory requirement or to maintain or protect the security of the 
            Website); (b) protect and/or defend our rights or property or other legal interests or of any Website user; or (c) act in urgent 
            circumstances to protect the safety of the public or other users of the Website. This includes exchanging information with other 
            companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
From time to time we receive requests to disclose the identities of our users. As noted above, we do not disclose the identities 
            of our users unless we are legally required to do so. However, you should be aware that the identifying information specific to your 
            use of Investors Hub, including your IP address, name, and email address will be delivered when requested by a legal subpoena, 
            subject to the following:
If a governmental agency (for example, the Securities and Exchange Commission, law enforcement agencies, United States Attorneys' 
            offices or similar governmental agencies) sends us a subpoena, we will comply with it. If we receive a subpoena by a third party 
            that is not a governmental agency (for example, a subpoena in connection with civil litigation), we will attempt to contact the 
            user whose identity has been requested using the contact information the user provided during the registration process including 
            by email and/or a message sent to your Investors Hub account so that you may seek to prevent our delivery of this information or 
            quash the subpoena. We will wait 10 days after notifying the user before complying with the subpoena by disclosing the identity 
            of the user, unless the subpoena requires us to disclose this information before then. If we cannot wait 10 days because of the 
            deadline in the subpoena, we will advise the user of the deadline included in the subpoena when we provide notice that we received it.
If you are a paying subscriber to Investors Hub, you are able to send and receive private messages using our database system. 
            Our policy is that we will not deliver the contents of private messages to anyone, even when demanded via subpoena. As a user 
            of Investors Hub, however, you should understand that this is no guarantee that we won't someday be forced by a court to deliver
            this information. It hasn't happened yet, but please be advised that it is possible.
For more information on our policies for handling subpoenas, please visit our
Subpoena Policy
.
Access to and Ability to Correct Personal Data
Upon request via postal mail, e-mail, or phone, Investors Hub will provide you a summary of any personal information retained by 
            Investors Hub regarding you.  Investors Hub will only send personal records to the e-mail address associated with you once it 
            has verified the requestor is the true account owner. Request for this information should be made to: support@InvestorsHub.com.
Use of Third Parties or Agents by Investors Hub
As noted earlier, Investors Hub may employ third parties or other companies to perform functions on our behalf, such as processing 
            and fulfilling online orders or requests, such as online purchases or other transactions via the Website, processing credit card 
            payments, shipping or delivering packages, providing customer service, sending print and electronic mail, removing repetitive 
            information from customer and e-mail lists, maintaining and analyzing information collected and/or stored via the Website, hosting 
            sites from this Website, measuring the effectiveness of promotions and e-mails, performing analyses of users’ activities on
, serving images via our Website, and fulfilling other functions necessary to our business.
Investors Hub also may use third party vendors or other companies to assist in providing certain services, products and 
            communications to you, such as delivering newsletters, alerts and other communications to those Website users who have opted 
            in to receive them. In the event that we utilize third party vendors or companies to provide any of the services described 
            above or similar services, we may need to share your Personally Identifiable Information with them to enable those companies 
            to perform their obligations. However, we will provide these companies only with that information necessary to perform their 
            functions on our behalf, and we will not authorize them to use your Personally Identifiable Information for any other purpose. 
            In such event, these companies are required to agree, in writing, that they will abide by the privacy statement and privacy 
            standards implemented herein, including the relevant confidentiality and security provisions.
Data Retention
Your personal information will be kept only as long as needed to provide the services to you and fulfill the purposes described 
            in this Policy. Retention periods will vary depending on the type of information collected and how it is used. When the 
            information is no longer needed and there is no need for us to retain it to comply with legal or regulatory obligations, we will 
            remove it from our system and any personally identifiable information will be depersonalized.
Security
You should be aware that there is an inherent risk in transmitting any data electronically. This risk is inherent in all 
            Internet dealings. Consequently, we cannot guarantee that any Personally Identifiable Information transmitted will be prevented 
            from being viewed or used by any particular person and therefore, you agree to hold us harmless from and against any injury, 
            financial or otherwise, that results from such unauthorized viewing or use. Moreover, e-mails sent to us over the Internet are 
            susceptible to detection, decryption, eavesdropping or tampering. Thus, you agree to hold us harmless from and against any harm, 
            financial or otherwise, that results from such detection, decryption, eavesdropping or tampering of e-mails.
In the event that a breach occurs that results in a high risk to you, we aspire to notify you within 72 hours of the breach and
            will take all necessary steps to mitigate any issue. In addition, you must take steps to maintain the security of your private 
            information by keeping your password and other personal information confidential. It is important for you to protect against 
            unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer.
Updating Your Information and Opting Out.
Investors Hub may (depending on your jurisdiction) permit you to withdraw your consent and decline -- or “opt-out of” – having your personal information 
            collected, or used for marketing purposes, certain mailings and other materials we may offer. You may opt-out by contacting us 
            via e-mail at support@InvestorsHub.com, or write to us with your request, at the mailing address as follows: InvestorsHub.com, 
            Inc., 3122 Mahan Drive, Suite 801-137, Tallahassee, Florida, 32308-2502. You may also follow the instructions in the e-mail 
            that you receive. If you do not want to receive e-mail from us, your most immediate recourse is to update your preferences on
this page
by entering the e-mail address that is receiving the e-mail, checking/unchecking the appropriate selections and then clicking 
            the Update button at the bottom of the page.  By seeking account removal or opting out, you may no longer be able to participate 
            in some or all of Investor Hub’s sites. When Investors Hub removes your personal data upon request, the removal will not include removal or 
            deletion of forum posts.
Links
Our Site may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that Investors Hub is not responsible for the privacy policies of other 
            sites. We encourage our Website users to be aware when they leave our Website and to read the privacy statements of each and every 
            Website that collects Personally Identifiable Information. This Privacy Policy applies solely to the information collected by our 
            Website.
Questions about Our Privacy Policy
If you choose to visit our Website, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy Policy and our Terms of 
            Service, including limitations on damages and application of the law of the state of Florida. Please let us know if you have any 
            questions about our Privacy Policy. Simply send us an e-mail to support@investorshub.com.
Go Ad-Free
Subscribe to Ad free and enjoy an ad-free experience
Try Now
Keep the Ads
We Care About Your Privacy
We and our
872
partners store and access personal data, like browsing data or unique identifiers, on your device. Selecting "I Accept" enables tracking technologies to support the purposes shown under "we and our partners process data to provide," whereas selecting "Reject All" or withdrawing your consent will disable them. If trackers are disabled, some content and ads you see may not be as relevant to you. You can resurface this menu to change your choices or withdraw consent at any time by clicking the ["privacy preferences"] link on the bottom of the webpage [or the floating icon on the bottom-left of the webpage, if applicable]. Your choices will have effect within our Website. For more details, refer to our Privacy Policy.
We and our partners process data to provide:
Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)
I Accept
Your Privacy
Performance Cookies
Functional Cookies
Targeting Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Store and/or access information on a device
707 partners can use this purpose
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
838 partners can use this purpose
Use precise geolocation data
266 partners can use this special feature
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
135 partners can use this special feature
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
536 partners can use this special purpose
Deliver and present advertising and content
542 partners can use this special purpose
Match and combine data from other data sources
381 partners can use this feature
Link different devices
339 partners can use this feature
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
511 partners can use this feature
Save and communicate privacy choices
358 partners can use this special purpose
Your Privacy
We process your data to deliver content or advertisements and measure the delivery of such content or advertisements to extract insights about our website. We share this information with our partners on the basis of consent and legitimate interest. You may exercise your right to consent or object to a legitimate interest, based on a specific purpose below or at a partner level in the link under each purpose. These choices will be signaled to our vendors participating in the Transparency and Consent Framework.
More information
List of IAB Vendors‎
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Cookies Details‎
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookies Details‎
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Cookies Details‎
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Cookies Details‎
Store and/or access information on a device
Cookies, device or similar online identifiers (e.g. login-based identifiers, randomly assigned identifiers, network based identifiers) together with other information (e.g. browser type and information, language, screen size, supported technologies etc.) can be stored or read on your device to recognise it each time it connects to an app or to a website, for one or several of the purposes presented here.
List of IAB Vendors‎
| View Illustrations
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Use limited data to select advertising
652 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Advertising presented to you on this service can be based on limited data, such as the website or app you are using, your non-precise location, your device type or which content you are (or have been) interacting with (for example, to limit the number of times an ad is presented to you).
View Illustrations
Object to Legitimate Interests
Remove Objection
Create profiles for personalised advertising
524 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Information about your activity on this service (such as forms you submit, content you look at) can be stored and combined with other information about you (for example, information from your previous activity on this service and other websites or apps) or similar users. This is then used to build or improve a profile about you (that might include possible interests and personal aspects). Your profile can be used (also later) to present advertising that appears more relevant based on your possible interests by this and other entities.
View Illustrations
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
521 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Advertising presented to you on this service can be based on your advertising profiles, which can reflect your activity on this service or other websites or apps (like the forms you submit, content you look at), possible interests and personal aspects.
View Illustrations
Create profiles to personalise content
233 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Information about your activity on this service (for instance, forms you submit, non-advertising content you look at) can be stored and combined with other information about you (such as your previous activity on this service or other websites or apps) or similar users. This is then used to build or improve a profile about you (which might for example include possible interests and personal aspects). Your profile can be used (also later) to present content that appears more relevant based on your possible interests, such as by adapting the order in which content is shown to you, so that it is even easier for you to find content that matches your interests.
View Illustrations
Use profiles to select personalised content
205 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Content presented to you on this service can be based on your content personalisation profiles, which can reflect your activity on this or other services (for instance, the forms you submit, content you look at), possible interests and personal aspects. This can for example be used to adapt the order in which content is shown to you, so that it is even easier for you to find (non-advertising) content that matches your interests.
View Illustrations
Measure advertising performance
758 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Information regarding which advertising is presented to you and how you interact with it can be used to determine how well an advert has worked for you or other users and whether the goals of the advertising were reached. For instance, whether you saw an ad, whether you clicked on it, whether it led you to buy a product or visit a website, etc. This is very helpful to understand the relevance of advertising campaigns.
View Illustrations
Object to Legitimate Interests
Remove Objection
Measure content performance
374 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Information regarding which content is presented to you and how you interact with it can be used to determine whether the (non-advertising) content e.g. reached its intended audience and matched your interests. For instance, whether you read an article, watch a video, listen to a podcast or look at a product description, how long you spent on this service and the web pages you visit etc. This is very helpful to understand the relevance of (non-advertising) content that is shown to you.
View Illustrations
Object to Legitimate Interests
Remove Objection
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
475 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Reports can be generated based on the combination of data sets (like user profiles, statistics, market research, analytics data) regarding your interactions and those of other users with advertising or (non-advertising) content to identify common characteristics (for instance, to determine which target audiences are more receptive to an ad campaign or to certain contents).
View Illustrations
Object to Legitimate Interests
Remove Objection
Develop and improve services
564 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Information about your activity on this service, such as your interaction with ads or content, can be very helpful to improve products and services and to build new products and services based on user interactions, the type of audience, etc. This specific purpose does not include the development or improvement of user profiles and identifiers.
View Illustrations
Object to Legitimate Interests
Remove Objection
Use limited data to select content
141 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Content presented to you on this service can be based on limited data, such as the website or app you are using, your non-precise location, your device type, or which content you are (or have been) interacting with (for example, to limit the number of times a video or an article is presented to you).
View Illustrations
Object to Legitimate Interests
Remove Objection
List of IAB Vendors‎
Use precise geolocation data
With your acceptance, your precise location (within a radius of less than 500 metres) may be used in support of the purposes explained in this notice.
List of IAB Vendors‎
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
With your acceptance, certain characteristics specific to your device might be requested and used to distinguish it from other devices (such as the installed fonts or plugins, the resolution of your screen) in support of the purposes explained in this notice.
List of IAB Vendors‎
Always Active
Your data can be used to monitor for and prevent unusual and possibly fraudulent activity (for example, regarding advertising, ad clicks by bots), and ensure systems and processes work properly and securely. It can also be used to correct any problems you, the publisher or the advertiser may encounter in the delivery of content and ads and in your interaction with them.
List of IAB Vendors‎
| View Illustrations
Always Active
Certain information (like an IP address or device capabilities) is used to ensure the technical compatibility of the content or advertising, and to facilitate the transmission of the content or ad to your device.
List of IAB Vendors‎
| View Illustrations
Always Active
Information about your activity on this service may be matched and combined with other information relating to you and originating from various sources (for instance your activity on a separate online service, your use of a loyalty card in-store, or your answers to a survey), in support of the purposes explained in this notice.
List of IAB Vendors‎
Always Active
In support of the purposes explained in this notice, your device might be considered as likely linked to other devices that belong to you or your household (for instance because you are logged in to the same service on both your phone and your computer, or because you may use the same Internet connection on both devices).
List of IAB Vendors‎
Always Active
Your device might be distinguished from other devices based on information it automatically sends when accessing the Internet (for instance, the IP address of your Internet connection or the type of browser you are using) in support of the purposes exposed in this notice.
List of IAB Vendors‎
Always Active
The choices you make regarding the purposes and entities listed in this notice are saved and made available to those entities in the form of digital signals (such as a string of characters). This is necessary in order to enable both this service and those entities to respect such choices.
List of IAB Vendors‎
| View Illustrations
Back Button
Cookie List
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel