Privacy Policy
The Construction Index Limited operates the web site www.theconstructionindex.co.uk.
The purpose of this statement is to set how we (The Construction Index Limited) use personal information that we may obtain about you.   By either registering as a user of our web site or by logging on to our web site generally you agree to accept our privacy policy.
Your personal information
When you register as a user of our web site you will be asked to provide certain information such as your contact details.  We will store this data and hold it on computer or otherwise.  We will use this to fulfil our contract with you.
2.1   Many IP addresses, particularly those allocated to individuals are "dynamic".  This means that each time a user connects to their internet service provider ("ISP") they are given an IP address which will be different each time.  Only the ISP, not us, can link a dynamic IP address to an individual.  Some IP addresses, particularly those allocated to a business, are static.  Static IP addresses can be linked to a particular computer which may then be linked to an individual user.
2.2   We use static IP addresses to profile those visitors to our website, who have a static IP address which possibly also enables us to identify the individual user.  This information, which is stored by us on computer, is limited to the static IP address of the user, possibly the individual user within the business who has visited our website, how many and which pages of our website have been visited and the period of time spent viewing our website.  This information is used by us to improve and develop the services we offer by enabling us to:-
(a)   assess the volume of visits to our website;
(b)   assess the type of visitors to our website;
(c)   keep our clients informed (through direct contact and by a notice on our web site at the Login page) about the companies
and other organisations which have viewed our website;
(d)   keep other visitors to our website informed (by a notice on our web site at the Login Page) about the companies and other
organisations which have viewed our website;
(e)   monitor and prevent the misuse of our website; and
(f)   keep you informed about future discounts and promotions available from The Construction Index.
If you do not wish to receive such mailings or if you have any other queries as to the use of your personal information, please telephone The Construction Index on 03333 582 002 or email,
enquiries@theconstructionindex.co.uk
.
Cookies
3.   Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer hard drive.  Cookies are used to identify you as you travel around our site and to provide site usage information, which will help us improve and develop the services we offer.    No recognisable personal information is stored in the cookie that can be tracked back to an individual.   You will need to ensure your cookies are enabled to benefit as a registered user of our web site.
Please click here for more information
.
Security
4.   The Construction Index endeavours to take all reasonable steps to protect your personal information.  However, we cannot guarantee the security of any data you disclose on-line.   You accept the inherent security risks of providing information on-line over the internet and will not hold us responsible for any breach of security unless this is due to our negligence or wilful default.
Fraud prevention
5.   To protect the Construction Index and our customers from fraud or theft, we may pass on the information referred to at paragraph 2 above to financial or other organisations (including law enforcement agencies) involved in fraud prevention and detection, to use in the same way.
General
6.   Please be aware that our site links to other web sites which may be accessed through our site.   We are not responsible for the data protection policies or the content of these linked web sites.
7.   You have the right to see personal data (defined in the Data Protection Act) we keep upon you upon receipt of a written request and payment of a fee.  If you are concerned that any of the information we hold on you is incorrect please contact us.
If you have any comments or queries in connection with our Privacy Policy please send an email to
enquiries@theconstructionindex.co.uk
or telephone
03333 582 002
.
Fast
Index
Plant Sales
Cranes
Plant Hire
Civil Engineering Piling Contractors
Crane Hire
Surfacing Contractors
Training Construction
Attachments
Civil Engineering Contractors
Excavation Services
Aggregates
Welfare Units
Generators
Pumps
Software
Demolition Contractors
Access Equipment Platforms
Diamond Drilling
Surveying Equipment
Concrete Reinforcement
Quarrying Equipment
Asbestos Removal
Trailers
Concrete Blocks
Roads Temporary
Plant Sales Dumpers
Training E-Learning
Earth Moving Contractors
Concrete Precast Walls
Vehicle Telematics
Fall Arrest Systems
Concrete Testing
Surveyors
Concrete Precast
Sweepers
Concrete Repair
Cleaning Blast Dry Ice