These
        General Terms and Conditions define the conditions under which a visitor may use the mobile applications and
        the website(s) published by Skores , a company operating under French law, registered in France and whose
        office in France is situated at 74 rue des arts 59000 Lille, France,, having Renaud Lasselin as Publication
        Director, and OVH as web host, domiciled at 2 rue Kellermann 59100 Roubaix, France .Any requests for advice or
        complaints can be sent by electronic mail to the Customer Service Department at request(@)skores.com .Please
        read these General Terms and Conditions of Use attentively. Your use of this service constitutes your
        acceptance of these General Terms and Conditions of Use. You also agree only to use our services in compliance
        with the laws of your country of origin.
1 - Description of the services
Under the conditions defined hereinafter, “service” shall refer to mobile applications including,
        “Live Football”, “Live Scores – Football, Tennis, Basketball, Soccer”, “Live HD Football” and “Live Scores HD”,
        in addition to all of the websites published by Skores, its associates, founders, directors or employees
        (hereinafter referred to as “Skores” or “we”).
Skores shall also make free mobile applications providing sports information available to the public
        throughout the world via ITUNES, GOOGLE PLAY and WINDOWS PHONE in particular, throughout the world.
The service allows users to follow sports results in real time and consult sports classifications.
        It includes a whole series of functionalities normally found in this type of service.
        We may modify these functionalities at any time or remove them, depending on what we consider to be appropriate.
The service also contains links to external content which is outside our control and is selected by the
        algorithm for the chosen service according to the user’s interests or what he or she requested. This external
        content may include video content originating from YOUTUBE or DAILYMOTION types of sources. If users decide to
        click on these links, they will access external content which may conform to specific rules that the user shall
        be responsible for understanding and following, and for which we shall have no responsibility whatsoever.
YouTube API Services
Skores’s API Client uses YouTube API Services. If you are using our Service on YouTube, you hereby by agreeing
        to our Privacy Policy also certify that you have read and agree to YouTube’s
General Terms of Service
and Google’s
Privacy Policy
.
Users may choose to receive “push” notifications when a new link towards a goal scored by one of their
        favourite teams is available. The push notification is an optional service designed to publish news alerts
        on the user’s terminal. These alerts are automatically generated after the user has configured them according
        to different criteria. They cannot, under any circumstances, be considered to be a publishing activity carried
        out by Skores. They are, and shall remain, acts attributable to the user, who may unsubscribe from this service
        at any time. If they involve or contain links to external content, the rules and restrictions concerning
        liability mentioned in the previous paragraph shall apply.
2 – Reporting of illicit content
Anyone may report a hypertext link to an illicit external content to us at any time so that we can delete it
        if appropriate and as quickly as possible, by writing to us at: request(at)skores.com or using our
copyright report form
.
In this case, Skores shall remove the hypertext link from its service but cannot, under any circumstances,
        remove the external content. As a general rule, any such demands must be sent to the publisher or host of the
        external content.
It would help us take effective action if, in your electronic mail, you could include the following details:
The notification date
If the informer is a natural person: his or her surname(s), first name(s),
          profession, address, nationality, date and place of birth; if the requesting party is a legal entity: its
          form, denomination, registered office and the body that legally represents it
The names and address of the addressee or, in the case of a legal entity, its company name and registered
          office
The contentious hypertext link published by Skores
The reasons why the hypertext link should be removed, including mentions of the legal provisions and proofs
          of the facts
A copy of the correspondence sent to the author or publisher of the contentious information or activities
          associated with the hypertext link asking for their interruption, withdrawal or amendment, or proof that the
          author or publisher could not be contacted.
3 – Duration of the service
The service is provided for an unlimited period .As the service is free, the user has no right of withdrawal
        with a view to obtaining a refund, but may terminate the service at any time. Similarly, Skores does not
        guarantee the duration of the service and reserves the right to interrupt or stop it at any time.
All visitors must use the service in accordance with these General Terms and Conditions. In the event of the
        failure to comply with these General Terms and Conditions or for any other legal reason, Skores may suspend
        the service or terminate it immediately or at any other time of Skores’s choosing, by operation of law and
        without prior notice.
Skores can always, and even without notice, decide to suspend or stop the provision of the service, at its
        sole discretion.
4 - Skores’s responsibilities
Skores informs its users that the news and information disseminated via its service are provided without any
        guarantee of reliability, correctness, completeness or accuracy. The service is provided on an “as is” basis
        and Skores grants no guarantees in this respect other than those upheld by the law, and in particular, it
        cannot guarantee that the service conforms to the user’s needs or that it will be continuous, relevant, secure
        or error free. No guarantees (including any implicit guarantees of satisfactory quality, suitability for a
        particular use or conformity to the description) shall apply to the service. The information provided by Skores
        shall not, under any circumstances, constitute any type of advice or recommendation of any nature whatsoever.
        The use of the content, data and information available on Skores cannot incur Skores’ direct or indirect
        liability. The user incurs sole and exclusive liability for the use that is made of the information
        disseminated by Skores. The user declares that he or she has legal capacity and accepts sole liability for his
        or her acts and decisions.
Skores may set up links to other websites that it does not own and does not control. Consequently, Skores’s
        responsibility cannot be incurred in relation to the use that is made of these external links. Skores cannot,
        under any circumstances, be held liable for games, bets, contracts or any other operations or transactions
        carried out by the user on other websites or applications, nor for the potentially illegal nature of the
        content thus consulted. Skores is not responsible for the availability of these third-party websites and
        external resources and does not endorse the advertising, products or other links or data included on these
        websites or accessible via them. Skores cannot be held liable for any losses or damages that may be suffered
        by the user due to the existence of these external websites or resources or due to the trust that is placed
        in the completeness, accuracy or existence of any advertising, product or data on these websites or resources,
        or that is accessible via them.
The User cannot hold Skores liable on any grounds whatsoever and particularly in the case of force majeure
        events, computer malfunctions or technical problems suffered by the user, loss of access to the service by the
        user, the failure of the electronic communications network or the user’s internet service provider’s network,
        the incorrect use of the service by the user, wrongdoing, negligence, an omission or a failure by the user, a
        failure to comply with the advice given, the disclosure or illicit use of a password issued to the user on a
        confidential basis, wrongdoing, negligence or an omission by a third party over which Skores has no powers of
        control or surveillance, an order to temporarily or permanently interrupt the service, issued by a competent
        administrative or legal body, or the notification of a third party as defined by article 6 of the LCEN (French
        law on trust in the digital economy), or the partial or total destruction of information transmitted or stored
        due to errors that can be directly or indirectly attributed to the user.
Skores shall not specifically save any data consulted by the user. The user is responsible for taking any
        steps required to save these data.
Skores can never be held liable on the grounds of any content – even external – even if the application or
        website contains a link to the said content.
5 - Privacy Policy
Users shall have the right to access, correct and remove any data of a personal nature that concerns them by
        sending an e-mail to the following address: request(@)skores.com. Your personal information contained on your
        profile page can also be modified at any time.
Skores may collect data of a personal nature such as names, e-mail address, postal address or any other
        identification data, including the IP address, from users when they subscribe to the service. The user has no
        obligation to provide this information but it may be required for certain functionalities of the service.
Skores shall only use this data in order to identify visitors and provide or improve the proposed service.
        These data shall not, under any circumstances, be used by third parties for commercial purposes.
The recipients of the data are people responsible for the marketing and sales departments, departments
        responsible for handling customer relations and business development, administrative, logistics and information
        technology departments and their line managers. Other recipients include organisations responsible for
        inspecting Skores (auditors, departments responsible for internal inspection procedures, etc.), and finally any
        of Skores subcontractors.
Data of a personal nature relating to users cannot be kept for longer than the period absolutely necessary for
        the use of the service.
Users are informed that Skores can recognise their terminals, particularly by means of cookies, when they log
        into the service. The sole purpose of such software is to allow for or facilitate electronic communications, or
        is used at the user’s express request when strictly necessary for the provision of the service.
6 - Use of the service
Users are authorised to use the service for personal use only. Any commercial use of the service is prohibited.
        All users agree to refrain from posting information which:
Is of a pornographic or degrading nature, especially on the forums
Contravenes the rights of third parties, including any intellectual property rights, personal image rights,
          or the right to privacy
Disparages or denigrates the activities or reputation of an individual or company
Is likely to violate public order or contravene the legal provisions relating to libel and the protection
          of children or minorities
Is of a religious, political or racial nature .Any publication, reproduction or retransmission of all or
          part of the contents of the service, in any manner whatsoever, in written, graphical or pictorial form, or
          of graphics, images, logos or brands and computer code, is prohibited, without the express authorisation of
          Skores.
7 - Amendments to the General Terms and Conditions of Use
Skores retains complete freedom to amend these Terms and Conditions of Use at any time. By using this service,
        the user acknowledges having read, understood and accepted these General Terms and Conditions of Use in force
        on the date of access to the website or to the downloading of the application. The fact of continuing to use
        the service after any amendments to Skores’s General Terms and Conditions have been made constitutes acceptance
        of the amended Terms and Conditions.
8 - Applicable Law – Jurisdiction
Subject to public policy provisions that apply to consumers, these General Terms and Conditions are governed
        by French law.
In the event of a dispute over the interpretation, execution or termination of these General Terms and
        Conditions of Use, the parties shall seek an amicable solution prior to taking any legal action.
In the event of a persistent disagreement, the parties shall grant exclusive jurisdiction to the competent
        courts of LILLE (France), even in the event of multiple defenders or third-party appeals, subject to public
        policy provisions applying to these Terms and Conditions.
9 - Information about dependency and online sports betting
Skores is not a bookmaker and does not offer online gambling activities. Skores reiterates that minors are
        prohibited from participating in gambling and gaming in France, pursuant to the Law 2010-476 of 12 May 2010
        relating to the opening up of the online gambling and gaming sector to competition and its regulation.
Sports betting is governed by a wide range of legislation. Each Internet user is responsible for knowing the
        legislation to which he or she is subjected.
Gambling dependency is a very serious problem. If you have a dependency, we strongly encourage you to consult
        the websites below or to contact the following associations:
http://www.responsiblegambling.com/
http://www.gamcare.org.uk/
http://www.gamblersanonymous.org/
http://www.riennevaplus.org/
http://www.adictel.com/