This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.
We use Your Personal data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, You agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Interpretation and Definitions
Interpretation
The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.
Definitions
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:
Account
means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service.
Affiliate
means an entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with a party, where “control” means ownership of 50% or more of the shares, equity interest or other securities entitled to vote for election of directors or other managing authority.
Application
means the software programs provided by the Company downloaded by You on any electronic device, including Dict Box, Translate Box, Offline Translator.
Business
, for the purpose of the CCPA (California Consumer Privacy Act), refers to the Company as the legal entity that collects Consumers’ personal information and determines the purposes and means of the processing of Consumers’ personal information, or on behalf of which such information is collected and that alone, or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of consumers’ personal information, that does business in the State of California.
Company
(referred to as either “the Company”, “We”, “Us” or “Our” in this Agreement) refers to all our apps (Xung Le’s apps). For the purpose of the GDPR, the Company is the Data Controller.
Consumer
, for the purpose of the CCPA (California Consumer Privacy Act), means a natural person who is a California resident. A resident, as defined in the law, includes (1) every individual who is in the USA for other than a temporary or transitory purpose, and (2) every individual who is domiciled in the USA who is outside the USA for a temporary or transitory purpose.
Country
refers to: Vietnam
Data Controller
, for the purposes of the GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation), refers to the Company as the legal person which alone or jointly with others determines the purposes and means of the processing of Personal Data.
Device
means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.
Do Not Track
(DNT) is a concept that has been promoted by US regulatory authorities, in particular the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC), for the Internet industry to develop and implement a mechanism for allowing internet users to control the tracking of their online activities across websites.
Personal Data
is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual. For the purposes of GDPR, Personal Data means any information relating to You such as a name, an identification number, location data, online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity. For the purposes of the CCPA, Personal Data means any information that identifies, relates to, describes or is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with You.
Sale
, for the purpose of the CCPA (California Consumer Privacy Act), means selling, renting, releasing, disclosing, disseminating, making available, transferring, or otherwise communicating orally, in writing, or by electronic or other means, a Consumer’s personal information to another business or a third party for monetary or other valuable consideration.
Service
refers to the Application.
Service Provider
means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used. For the purpose of the GDPR, Service Providers are considered Data Processors.
Usage Data
refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
You
means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable. Under GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation), You can be referred to as the Data Subject or as the User as you are the individual using the Service.
Collecting and Using Your Personal Data
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using Our Service, We may ask You to provide Us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify You. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Email address
First name and last name
Usage Data
Usage Data
Usage Data is collected automatically when using the Service.
Usage Data may include information such as Your Device’s Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that You visit, the time and date of Your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
When You access the Service by or through a mobile device, We may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device You use, Your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of Your mobile device, Your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser You use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
We may also collect information that Your browser sends whenever You visit our Service or when You access the Service by or through a mobile device.
Use of Your Personal Data
The Company may use Personal Data for the following purposes:
To provide and maintain our Service
, including to monitor the usage of our Service.
To manage Your Account:
to manage Your registration as a user of the Service. The Personal Data You provide can give You access to different functionalities of the Service that are available to You as a registered user.
For the performance of a contract:
the development, compliance and undertaking of the purchase contract for the products, items or services You have purchased or of any other contract with Us through the Service.
To contact You:
To contact You by email, telephone calls, SMS, or other equivalent forms of electronic communication, such as a mobile application’s push notifications regarding updates or informative communications related to the functionalities, products or contracted services, including the security updates, when necessary or reasonable for their implementation.
To provide You
with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless You have opted not to receive such information.
To manage Your requests:
To attend and manage Your requests to Us.
For business transfers:
We may use Your information to evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which Personal Data held by Us about our Service users is among the assets transferred.
For other purposes
: We may use Your information for other purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and to evaluate and improve our Service, products, services, marketing and your experience.
We may share Your personal information in the following situations:
With Service Providers:
We may share Your personal information with Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service, to show advertisements to You to help support and maintain Our Service, for payment processing, to contact You.
For business transfers:
We may share or transfer Your personal information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of Company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of Our business to another company.
With Affiliates:
We may share Your information with Our affiliates, in which case we will require those affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy. Affiliates include Our parent company and any other subsidiaries, joint venture partners or other companies that We control or that are under common control with Us.
With business partners:
We may share Your information with Our business partners to offer You certain products, services or promotions.
With other users:
when You share personal information or otherwise interact in the public areas with other users, such information may be viewed by all users and may be publicly distributed outside.
With Your consent
: We may disclose Your personal information for any other purpose with Your consent.
Retention of Your Personal Data
The Company will retain Your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use Your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
The Company will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of Our Service, or We are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.
Transfer of Your Personal Data
Your information, including Personal Data, is processed at the Company’s operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located. It means that this information may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of Your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from Your jurisdiction.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by Your submission of such information represents Your agreement to that transfer.
The Company will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that Your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of Your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of Your data and other personal information.
Disclosure of Your Personal Data
Business Transactions
If the Company is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, Your Personal Data may be transferred. We will provide notice before Your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.
Law enforcement
Under certain circumstances, the Company may be required to disclose Your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).
Other legal requirements
The Company may disclose Your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
Comply with a legal obligation
Protect and defend the rights or property of the Company
Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
Protect the personal safety of Users of the Service or the public
Protect against legal liability
Security of Your Personal Data
The security of Your Personal Data is important to Us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While We strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect Your Personal Data, We cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Detailed Information on the Processing of Your Personal Data
The Service Providers We use may have access to Your Personal Data. These third-party vendors collect, store, use, process and transfer information about Your activity on Our Service in accordance with their Privacy Policies.
Analytics
We may use third-party Service providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network. You may opt-out of certain Google Analytics features through your mobile device settings, such as your device advertising settings or by following the instructions provided by Google in their Privacy Policy:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Firebase
Firebase is an analytics service provided by Google Inc. You may opt-out of certain Firebase features through your mobile device settings, such as your device advertising settings or by following the instructions provided by Google in their Privacy Policy:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
We also encourage you to review the Google’s policy for safeguarding your data:
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245
For more information on what type of information Firebase collects, please visit the How Google uses data when you use our partners’ sites or apps webpage:
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
Advertising
We may use Service Providers to show advertisements to You to help support and maintain Our Service.
Google AdSense & DoubleClick Cookie
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our Service. Google’s use of the DoubleClick cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our Service or other websites on the Internet. You may opt out of the use of the DoubleClick Cookie for interest-based advertising by visiting the Google Ads Settings web page:
http://www.google.com/ads/preferences/
AdMob by Google
AdMob by Google is provided by Google Inc. You can opt-out from the AdMob by Google service by following the instructions described by Google:
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=en
For more information on how Google uses the collected information, please visit the “How Google uses data when you use our partners’ sites or app” page:
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
or visit the Privacy Policy of Google:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Payments
We may provide paid products and/or services within the Service. In that case, we may use third-party services for payment processing (e.g. payment processors).
We will not store or collect Your payment card details. That information is provided directly to Our third-party payment processors whose use of Your personal information is governed by their Privacy Policy. These payment processors adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, Mastercard, American Express and Discover. PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of payment information.
Apple Store In-App Payments
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/
Google Play In-App Payments
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
GDPR Privacy
Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data under GDPR
We may process Personal Data under the following conditions:
Consent:
You have given Your consent for processing Personal Data for one or more specific purposes.
Performance of a contract:
Provision of Personal Data is necessary for the performance of an agreement with You and/or for any pre-contractual obligations thereof.
Legal obligations:
Processing Personal Data is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which the Company is subject.
Vital interests:
Processing Personal Data is necessary in order to protect Your vital interests or of another natural person.
Public interests:
Processing Personal Data is related to a task that is carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the Company.
Legitimate interests:
Processing Personal Data is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Company.
In any case, the Company will gladly help to clarify the specific legal basis that applies to the processing, and in particular whether the provision of Personal Data is a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract.
Your Rights under the GDPR
The Company undertakes to respect the confidentiality of Your Personal Data and to guarantee You can exercise Your rights.
You have the right under this Privacy Policy, and by law if You are within the EU, to:
Request access to Your Personal Data.
The right to access, update or delete the information We have on You. Whenever made possible, you can access, update or request deletion of Your Personal Data directly within Your account settings section. If you are unable to perform these actions yourself, please contact Us to assist You. This also enables You to receive a copy of the Personal Data We hold about You.
Request correction of the Personal Data that We hold about You.
You have the right to have any incomplete or inaccurate information We hold about You corrected.
Object to processing of Your Personal Data.
This right exists where We are relying on a legitimate interest as the legal basis for Our processing and there is something about Your particular situation, which makes You want to object to our processing of Your Personal Data on this ground. You also have the right to object where We are processing Your Personal Data for direct marketing purposes.
Request erasure of Your Personal Data.
You have the right to ask Us to delete or remove Personal Data when there is no good reason for Us to continue processing it.
Request the transfer of Your Personal Data.
We will provide to You, or to a third-party You have chosen, Your Personal Data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Please note that this right only applies to automated information which You initially provided consent for Us to use or where We used the information to perform a contract with You.
Withdraw Your consent.
You have the right to withdraw Your consent on using your Personal Data. If You withdraw Your consent, We may not be able to provide You with access to certain specific functionalities of the Service.
Exercising of Your GDPR Data Protection Rights
You may exercise Your rights of access, rectification, cancellation and opposition by contacting Us. Please note that we may ask You to verify Your identity before responding to such requests. If You make a request, We will try our best to respond to You as soon as possible.
You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about Our collection and use of Your Personal Data. For more information, if You are in the European Economic Area (EEA), please contact Your local data protection authority in the EEA.
CCPA Privacy
This privacy notice section for California residents supplements the information contained in Our Privacy Policy and it applies solely to all visitors, users, and others who reside in the State of California.
Categories of Personal Information Collected
We collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular Consumer or Device. The following is a list of categories of personal information which we may collect or may have been collected from California residents within the last twelve (12) months.
Please note that the categories and examples provided in the list below are those defined in the CCPA. This does not mean that all examples of that category of personal information were in fact collected by Us, but reflects our good faith belief to the best of our knowledge that some of that information from the applicable category may be and may have been collected. For example, certain categories of personal information would only be collected if You provided such personal information directly to Us.
Category A: Identifiers.
Examples: A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, driver’s license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers. Collected: Yes.
Category B: Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
Examples: A name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver’s license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information. Some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories. Collected: Yes.
Category C: Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
Examples: Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or military status, genetic information (including familial genetic information). Collected: No.
Category D: Commercial information.
Examples: Records and history of products or services purchased or considered. Collected: Yes.
Category E: Biometric information.
Examples: Genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological characteristics, or activity patterns used to extract a template or other identifier or identifying information, such as, fingerprints, faceprints, and voiceprints, iris or retina scans, keystroke, gait, or other physical patterns, and sleep, health, or exercise data. Collected: No.
Category F: Internet or other similar network activity.
Examples: Interaction with our Service or advertisement. Collected: Yes.
Category G: Geolocation data.
Examples: Approximate physical location. Collected: No.
Category H: Sensory data.
Examples: Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information. Collected: No.
Category I: Professional or employment-related information.
Examples: Current or past job history or performance evaluations. Collected: No.
Category J: Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)).
Examples: Education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or party acting on its behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes, student financial information, or student disciplinary records. Collected: No.
Category K: Inferences drawn from other personal information.
Examples: Profile reflecting a person’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes. Collected: No.
Under CCPA, personal information does not include:
Publicly available information from government records
Deidentified or aggregated consumer information
Information excluded from the CCPA’s scope, such as:
Health or medical information covered by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) and the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act (CMIA) or clinical trial data
Personal Information covered by certain sector-specific privacy laws, including the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FRCA), the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) or California Financial Information Privacy Act (FIPA), and the Driver’s Privacy Protection Act of 1994
Sources of Personal Information
We obtain the categories of personal information listed above from the following categories of sources:
Directly from You
. For example, from the forms You complete on our Service, preferences You express or provide through our Service, or from Your purchases on our Service.
Indirectly from You
. For example, from observing Your activity on our Service.
Automatically from You
. For example, through cookies We or our Service Providers set on Your Device as You navigate through our Service.
From Service Providers
. For example, third-party vendors to monitor and analyze the use of our Service, third-party vendors to provide advertising on our Service, third-party vendors for payment processing, or other third-party vendors that We use to provide the Service to You.
Use of Personal Information for Business Purposes or Commercial Purposes
We may use or disclose personal information We collect for “business purposes” or “commercial purposes” (as defined under the CCPA), which may include the following examples:
To operate our Service and provide You with our Service.
To provide You with support and to respond to Your inquiries, including to investigate and address Your concerns and monitor and improve our Service.
To fulfill or meet the reason You provided the information. For example, if You share Your contact information to ask a question about our Service, We will use that personal information to respond to Your inquiry. If You provide Your personal information to purchase a product or service, We will use that information to process Your payment and facilitate delivery.
To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations.
As described to You when collecting Your personal information or as otherwise set forth in the CCPA.
For internal administrative and auditing purposes.
To detect security incidents and protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity, including, when necessary, to prosecute those responsible for such activities.
Please note that the examples provided above are illustrative and not intended to be exhaustive. For more details on how we use this information, please refer to the “Use of Your Personal Data” section.
If We decide to collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information We collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes We will update this Privacy Policy.
Disclosure of Personal Information for Business Purposes or Commercial Purposes
We may use or disclose and may have used or disclosed in the last twelve (12) months the following categories of personal information for business or commercial purposes:
Category A: Identifiers
Category B: Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e))
Category D: Commercial information
Category F: Internet or other similar network activity
Please note that the categories listed above are those defined in the CCPA. This does not mean that all examples of that category of personal information were in fact disclosed, but reflects our good faith belief to the best of our knowledge that some of that information from the applicable category may be and may have been disclosed.
When We disclose personal information for a business purpose or a commercial purpose, We enter a contract that describes the purpose and requires the recipient to both keep that personal information confidential and not use it for any purpose except performing the contract.
Sale of Personal Information
As defined in the CCPA, “sell” and “sale” mean selling, renting, releasing, disclosing, disseminating, making available, transferring, or otherwise communicating orally, in writing, or by electronic or other means, a consumer’s personal information by the business to a third party for valuable consideration. This means that We may have received some kind of benefit in return for sharing personal information, but not necessarily a monetary benefit.
Please note that the categories listed below are those defined in the CCPA. This does not mean that all examples of that category of personal information were in fact sold, but reflects our good faith belief to the best of our knowledge that some of that information from the applicable category may be and may have been shared for value in return.
We may sell and may have sold in the last twelve (12) months the following categories of personal information:
Category A: Identifiers
Category B: Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e))
Category D: Commercial information
Category F: Internet or other similar network activity
Share of Personal Information
We may share Your personal information identified in the above categories with the following categories of third parties:
Service Providers
Payment processors
Our affiliates
Our business partners
Third party vendors to whom You or Your agents authorize Us to disclose Your personal information in connection with products or services We provide to You
Sale of Personal Information of Minors Under 16 Years of Age
We do not knowingly collect personal information from minors under the age of 16 through our Service, although certain third party websites that we link to may do so. These third-party websites have their own terms of use and privacy policies and we encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children’s Internet usage and instruct their children to never provide information on other websites without their permission.
We do not sell the personal information of Consumers We actually know are less than 16 years of age, unless We receive affirmative authorization (the “right to opt-in”) from either the Consumer who is between 13 and 16 years of age, or the parent or guardian of a Consumer less than 13 years of age. Consumers who opt-in to the sale of personal information may opt-out of future sales at any time. To exercise the right to opt-out, You (or Your authorized representative) may submit a request to Us by contacting Us.
If You have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 (or 16) has provided Us with personal information, please contact Us with sufficient detail to enable Us to delete that information.
Your Rights under the CCPA
The CCPA provides California residents with specific rights regarding their personal information. If You are a resident of California, You have the following rights:
The right to notice.
You have the right to be notified which categories of Personal Data are being collected and the purposes for which the Personal Data is being used.
The right to request.
Under CCPA, You have the right to request that We disclose information to You about Our collection, use, sale, disclosure for business purposes and share of personal information. Once We receive and confirm Your request, We will disclose to You:
The categories of personal information We collected about You
The categories of sources for the personal information We collected about You
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information
The categories of third parties with whom We share that personal information
The specific pieces of personal information We collected about You
If we sold Your personal information or disclosed Your personal information for a business purpose, We will disclose to You:
The categories of personal information categories sold
The categories of personal information categories disclosed
The right to say no to the sale of Personal Data (opt-out).
You have the right to direct Us to not sell Your personal information. To submit an opt-out request please contact Us.
The right to delete Personal Data.
You have the right to request the deletion of Your Personal Data, subject to certain exceptions. Once We receive and confirm Your request, We will delete (and direct Our Service Providers to delete) Your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies. We may deny Your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for Us or Our Service Providers to:
Complete the transaction for which We collected the personal information, provide a good or service that You requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with You, or otherwise perform our contract with You.
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.
Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 et. seq.).
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information’s deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research’s achievement, if You previously provided informed consent.
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on Your relationship with Us.
Comply with a legal obligation.
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which You provided it.
The right not to be discriminated against.
You have the right not to be discriminated against for exercising any of Your consumer’s rights, including by:
Denying goods or services to You
Charging different prices or rates for goods or services, including the use of discounts or other benefits or imposing penalties
Providing a different level or quality of goods or services to You
Suggesting that You will receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services
Exercising Your CCPA Data Protection Rights
In order to exercise any of Your rights under the CCPA, and if You are a California resident, You can contact Us:
By email: xung.app@gmail.com
Only You, or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that You authorize to act on Your behalf, may make a verifiable request related to Your personal information.
Your request to Us must:
Provide sufficient information that allows Us to reasonably verify You are the person about whom We collected personal information or an authorized representative
Describe Your request with sufficient detail that allows Us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it
We cannot respond to Your request or provide You with the required information if we cannot:
Verify Your identity or authority to make the request
And confirm that the personal information relates to You
We will disclose and deliver the required information free of charge within 45 days of receiving Your verifiable request. The time period to provide the required information may be extended once by an additional 45 days when reasonably necessary and with prior notice.
Any disclosures We provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable request’s receipt.
For data portability requests, We will select a format to provide Your personal information that is readily usable and should allow You to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
You have the right to opt-out of the sale of Your personal information. Once We receive and confirm a verifiable consumer request from You, we will stop selling Your personal information. To exercise Your right to opt-out, please contact Us.
The Service Providers we partner with (for example, our analytics or advertising partners) may use technology on the Service that sells personal information as defined by the CCPA law. If you wish to opt out of the use of Your personal information for interest-based advertising purposes and these potential sales as defined under CCPA law, you may do so by following the instructions below.
Please note that any opt out is specific to the browser You use. You may need to opt out on every browser that You use.
Website
You can opt out of receiving ads that are personalized as served by our Service Providers by following our instructions presented on the Service:
The NAI’s opt-out platform:
http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/
The EDAA’s opt-out platform
http://www.youronlinechoices.com/
The DAA’s opt-out platform:
http://optout.aboutads.info/?c=2&lang=EN
The opt out will place a cookie on Your computer that is unique to the browser You use to opt out. If you change browsers or delete the cookies saved by your browser, You will need to opt out again.
Mobile Devices
Your mobile device may give You the ability to opt out of the use of information about the apps You use in order to serve You ads that are targeted to Your interests:
“Opt out of Interest-Based Ads” or “Opt out of Ads Personalization” on Android devices
“Limit Ad Tracking” on iOS devices
You can also stop the collection of location information from Your mobile device by changing the preferences on Your mobile device.
“Do Not Track” Policy as Required by California Online Privacy Protection Act (CalOPPA)
Our Service does not respond to Do Not Track signals.
However, some third party websites do keep track of Your browsing activities. If You are visiting such websites, You can set Your preferences in Your web browser to inform websites that You do not want to be tracked. You can enable or disable DNT by visiting the preferences or settings page of Your web browser.
Children’s Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If You are a parent or guardian and You are aware that Your child has provided Us with Personal Data, please contact Us. If We become aware that We have collected Personal Data from anyone under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, We take steps to remove that information from Our servers.
If We need to rely on consent as a legal basis for processing Your information and Your country requires consent from a parent, We may require Your parent’s consent before We collect and use that information.
Your California Privacy Rights (California’s Shine the Light law)
Under California Civil Code Section 1798 (California’s Shine the Light law), California residents with an established business relationship with us can request information once a year about sharing their Personal Data with third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes.
If you’d like to request more information under the California Shine the Light law, and if You are a California resident, You can contact Us using the contact information provided below.
California Privacy Rights for Minor Users (California Business and Professions Code Section 22581)
California Business and Professions Code Section 22581 allows California residents under the age of 18 who are registered users of online sites, services or applications to request and obtain removal of content or information they have publicly posted.
To request removal of such data, and if You are a California resident, You can contact Us using the contact information provided below, and include the email address associated with Your account.
Be aware that Your request does not guarantee complete or comprehensive removal of content or information posted online and that the law may not permit or require removal in certain circumstances.
Links to Other Websites
Our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us. If You click on a third party link, You will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let You know via email and/or a prominent notice on Our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the “Last updated” date at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:
By email: xung.app@gmail.com
INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND USE
When we provide the Services, we collect or receive personal information in a few different ways. In many cases, you can choose what information to provide, although some information is required in order to use XungApps (Xung Le’s apps and services) and for us to provide the Services to you. We use your information for the purposes described below:
From you, or from other sources at your direction
We collect a variety of information from you when you provide it to us directly or when you tell us to get it from a third party source. The particular kinds of information we gather usually depend on how you interact with us. For example:
We collect
basic account information
such as your email address, phone number, username and password. We need this information to create your account and it helps secure and provide access to our Services. We also obtain or infer demographic information. If you use
Facebook
or
Google
to register for or log in to the Services (or later connect your accounts), you authorize Facebook or Google, as the case may be, to share your personal information with us, including your email address, age and publicly available information about you and your Facebook friends, if you use Facebook for signup.
Similarly, if you access the Services with another
third party social network
we will collect information that you have agreed to make available, such as your name, user ID/URL, profile picture, age, list of friends, email address and/or phone number, and/or your birthday, language selected, and/or geolocation.
We collect
additional profile information
about you when you upload a picture, or add your interests, music genre, skills and what you love.
We gather information from the actions you take to
recommend
,
create
,
communicate and share content
. This includes messages you send, information about the content you create yourself, the people you follow, the songs you mark as favorites or share, and the comments you post. In addition, we track social interactions in our Apps (e.g. what you listened to, what you loved, and your comments and invites).
If you send us
support requests or comments
you may also provide us with additional information to enable us to contact you and address your feedback and we may retain such information to enhance our Services and to respond to you.
When you purchase a subscription, you provide our payment processor with your
payment information
. We currently use third parties to process such payments but may change that in the future.
To be clear, we don’t ask you to provide us with any
sensitive personal information
, such as information relating to your race or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, membership of a trade union, physical or mental health, genetic or biometric information, sexual life or sexual orientation. However, if you decide to share this kind of information on XungApps Services, you explicitly consent to us displaying it or sharing it in accordance with your selection.
From your browser and device
We collect information from your browser, computer, or mobile device, which provide us with technical information when you use the Services, including:
If you choose to find your friends on XungApps, we will
access your contacts
on your device (including contact information your service provider(s) or app automatically added to your address book when you communicated with addresses or numbers not already in your list) and send your contacts to our servers to check if any of them are on the Services or the App you are using. If they are, we’ll suggest your follow them (but whether you do or not is totally up to you). Each time you open the contacts page in the Sing app we’ll automatically re-send the latest version of your contacts to our servers and provide you with an updated list of matches. We delete your contacts from our servers after we’ve checked for any matches.
When you use the Services, we automatically collect certain
log data
, including your IP address, browser type, hardware type, unique device ID, the version of your operating system and your activity within the Services. We use log data for security purposes (such as preventing content from being improperly accessed) and to improve our Services (such as enhancing site performance in certain regions).
We receive
device identifiers
like Apple’s IDFA, IDFV and Google’s AdID. These are principally used for online advertising and marketing purposes.
We
access geo-location information from your mobile device
. This helps us share where you are in the world, provide locations to your posts and content, and display local activities and content based on your current location. It also helps us to send you relevant messages based on where you live. You can control the collection of geo-location information through your device.
We use
cookies
, which deposit small data files stored on your computer or mobile device, and other similar technologies like software development kits (“
SDKs
“) or third party libraries. We use cookies to distinguish you, identify your interests and your account and its status and settings, to collect usage data, keep track of your preferences and deliver content specific to your interests. For example, we use cookies to remember your volume settings, language settings, search history, account type and the last time you checked or updated your feed. Our advertising partners may use cookies and similar technologies to identify and deliver content and advertising specific to your interests, to track the effectiveness of such advertising and to provide and analyse their services. You can configure your browser to reject cookies. By using our Services you consent to our, and our advertising partners’, use of cookies and related technologies, and the sharing of data with our advertising partners. You can withdraw your consent to our use of cookies using your browser settings or your device’s limit ad tracking settings. You may also be able to control the use of cookies via industry websites such as
http://www.aboutads.info/choices
and
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
or through other functionality which we may have available from time to time.
Our current partners include:
◦ Google. You can learn more about how Google use’s data, and how you can-opt-out,
here
.
As with any business, we may change or work with different partners from time to time. We may provide an updated list of partners in this Policy or in another document which we will make available to you.
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
We use the information we have to help us provide, operate, improve, understand, customize, support, and market our Services.
In order to register for a XungApps account, we need certain information. We may use your email address and/or phone number to send you information about the Services, provide customer support or to notify you of additional XungApps products and services, where permitted by applicable law. You may use your account settings to unsubscribe from notifications from XungApps.
We may use information from one XungApps App to improve your experience in other Apps: we seek to integrate our Services.
We collect information to learn about your use of the Service and to enhance your social experience when using the Services, such as friend-to-friend interaction and notifications, chat, or messaging functionality, public leader boards, head-to-head competition and other similar features. We try to show you social content that we think will be of most interest to you.
We try to continuously improve our Services and your experience. As part of this, we use the data we have to identify ways to make our Services better and more engaging for our users. We use your interactions on the Services, along with the other data described in this policy, to infer your interests. We do this to identify and suggest content that you may like and to tailor advertising, including off-site advertising.
In limited situations, we share de-identified content and information with researchers for educational research purposes.
If you provide us with your list of friends on a third party social network or a mobile device, your friends on such network can automatically follow you when you use the Services and your XungApps account can be automatically configured to follow your friends. You can, however, unfollow any other user on XungApps at any time.
We promote our Services via customised advertising on third party sites. We may use your information to target advertising; including to design advertising campaigns designed to reach individuals with similar profiles to existing XungApps users.
You use your information for customer relationship management (CRM) purposes, including for targeting email and other engagement campaigns.
We sometimes conduct or sponsor surveys and contests. Participation in surveys and contests is completely voluntary. If you elect to participate, we may ask you for contact, demographic, and other information and may ask you to agree to additional terms and conditions.
We use log data, such as device identifiers, to recognize you and / or your devices across different XungApps applications. We do so to provide you with seamless access to another XungApps application by identifying you and making your content available on both applications.
INFORMATION YOU AND WE SHARE
XungApps is designed to help you share your performances around the world. Most of the information you provide us through your use of the Services is information you are asking us to make public. You share your information as you use and communicate through our Services, and we share your information to help us operate, provide, improve, understand, customize, support, and market our Services.
Account Information
. Your phone number, profile name and photo, bio, status, last seen status, and receipts may be available to anyone who uses our Services, although you can configure your settings to manage whether certain information is available to other users and businesses with whom you communicate.
Your Content
. Your content is published in accordance with your privacy settings. Content is public by default. For information about how to change your privacy settings with respect to content or how to delete content from the Services, see the frequently asked questions at
XungApps
. If you comment on any content on the Services, your comments will be public and available to other users of the Services. In certain cases, you may choose to create recordings with other XungApps users. In such cases, it is important to remember that you create the content together with another user or group of users as a collective. As an individual user within the collective, it is difficult if not impossible to undo the creation. So, if you create a collaboration with another XungApps user, you won’t be able to change or delete that collaborative work. In addition, in such cases, or if make or contribute to a live performance, other users will be able to record and share that content.
Your Contacts and Others
. Users and businesses with whom you communicate may store or re-share your information (including your messages) with others on and off our Services.
We may share information about you or your use of the Services with
our advertisers and third party advertising partners
. This means that we may give our advertisers information about the characteristics of our users, along with sharing certain identifiers and/or location information, but we do not specifically identify you by name or share your contact information. Third parties can use this data to deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you or to assess the effectiveness and reach of advertising campaigns.
We work with
Google Analytics
which collects information such as how often users visit our website, what pages they visit when they do so, and what other sites they used prior to coming to the website. You may opt-out of Google Analytics tracking with the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on.
Third-Party Service Providers
. We work with third-party service providers to help us operate, provide, improve, understand, customize, support, and market our Services. When we share your information with third-party service providers, we require them to use your information on our behalf in accordance with our instructions and terms.
Any information in your public profile
(e.g., your username and any profile image, location or additional information that you provide as part of your Public Profile, but not your phone number, or email address) will be accessible by other users of the Services. Content that you create through or upload to the Services will by default be public and available to users of the Services.
We may publicly disclose
aggregated statistics
(like what musical genres are popular in a certain city).
We may preserve and disclose your information if we believe in good faith that we are required to do so in connection with any
legal investigation or legal complaint
, or by law or regulation, including in response to a court order, subpoena, regulatory requirement or other legal demand or request or if we believe in good faith that it is reasonably necessary to protect the safety of any person, to address fraud, security or technical issues, to protect XungApps’s rights or property, and/or to investigate or assist in preventing any violation or potential violation of the law, this Privacy Policy.
We may use any recording, video and/or other
content
you create and post in the Services in order to promote XungApps or our Services.
We may share some or all of your information in connection with, or during negotiation of, any merger, financing, acquisition or dissolution, transaction or proceeding involving sale, transfer, divestiture, or disclosure of all or a portion of our business or assets. In the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership, information may also be transferred as a business asset.
OUR LEGAL BASES FOR COLLECTING, USING, SHARING AND OTHERWISE PROCESSING YOUR INFORMATION
For the purposes of EU law, XungApps relies on a number of legal bases to collect, use, share, and otherwise process the information we have about you for the purposes described in this Policy. These legal bases include:
Where you have consented to certain processing. For example we may send you marketing messages if you have consented to receiving them, or we may ask you if you want to take part in voluntary surveys or contests. You may revoke that consent at any time;
For XungApps to comply with a
legal obligation
, a court order, or to exercise and defend legal claims, to
protect your vital interests or those of others
, or where the processing is necessary in the public interest. For example, we may share data where we are required by law to do so; and
Some processing is necessary because it is in XungApps’s or a third party’s legitimate interests, such as those of visitors, members or partners.
Our legitimate interests
We process your information in furtherance of the following legitimate interests:
◦ Keeping the Services safe and secure
: We use your information to try and keep our Services safe and secure. We do so as it is necessary to pursue our legitimate interests, the interests of our community and yours, in ensuring XungApps is secure, and to protect against fraud, spam, misuse and abuse. For example, we process your information to protect you and XungApps from malicious scraping of our website by those seeking to download music and recordings. We also want to protect against hackers who try to access content.
◦ Providing our Services
: We use your information to provide the Services, including any personalized services. We do so as it is necessary to pursue our legitimate interests in providing an innovative and tailored offering to our users on a sustained basis and to provide stable connectivity. For example, where there is poor connectivity in an area or neighbourhood, users can experience difficulty in downloading/uploading content. In that case, XungApps needs to process log data, including your IP address, to troubleshoot the issue. Without your IP address and location info, it can be hard to fix connectivity issues.
◦ Learning how we can improve your experience on our Services
,
and contributing to research
: We work hard to develop, enhance and improve our Services, such as by providing better song recommendations. We also share data with researchers to contribute to academic research. Where we contribute to academic research, we take into account your rights and ensure that protections are in place with respect to your information.
MANAGING AND DELETING YOUR INFORMATION
You may request deletion of your account by contacting support via email: xung.app@gmail.com.
YOUR RIGHTS
If you reside in certain territories, including the European Economic Area, you benefit from a number of rights in relation to your information. While some of these rights apply generally, certain rights apply only in certain limited cases. We describe these rights below in a summary format, but mandated applicable law shall govern.
Access and Porting
. You can access much of your information by logging into your account. Where legally required, we can provide your information upon your request. Note that, in accordance with applicable law, information will not be provided where doing so would adversely affect the rights (including the intellectual property rights) of others.
Change
,
Restrict
,
Limit
,
Delete
. Email us at xung.app@gmail.com.
Object
. If we process your information based on our legitimate interests explained above, or in the public interest, you can object to this processing in certain circumstances. In such cases, we will cease processing your information unless we have compelling legitimate grounds to continue processing or where it is needed for legal reasons. If you live in the European Economic Area, you also have a general right to object to the use of your information for direct marketing purposes.
Revoke consent
. Where you have previously provided your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent to the processing of your information at any time. For example, you can withdraw your consent to email marketing by following the link provided in a marketing email. You can also revoke any consent you have provided to our use of your geo-location information by changing the setting on your mobile device. If you withdraw your consent to the use of your information for purposes set out in this Policy, you may not have access to all (or any) of our Services and we might not be able to provide you all (or any) of the Services. In certain cases, we may continue to process your information after you have withdrawn consent if we have a legal basis to do so or if your withdrawal of consent was limited to certain processing activities.
Complain
. If you reside in the European Economic Area, should you wish to raise a concern about our use of your information (and without prejudice to any other rights you may have), you have the right to do so with your local data protection authority.
SECURITY
We maintain technical and organisational measures to protect against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorised disclosure of, or access to your information.
We endeavor to ensure a level of security appropriate to the risks that are presented by the processing, having all due regard to the state of the art, the costs of implementation and the nature, scope, context and purposes of the processing as well as the risk to users. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, while we use reasonable efforts to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its security.
DATA TRANSFERS
When you use our Services your personal information is transferred to the United States, where the laws protecting privacy may be less stringent than those in your home country. In certain cases, your data may be transferred to other countries or made available to users in other countries as part of the Services.
In certain cases, we may use a legal mechanism known as “standard contractual clauses” to protect information transferred outside the EU. Standard contractual clauses refer to contracts between companies transferring personal information that contain standard commitments approved by the EU Commission protecting the privacy and security of the information transferred. You can contact us to learn more and to request a copy of any clauses which may relate to your data.
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
Our Services are intended for general audiences, and are not intended for anyone under 13, anyone under 16 in the European Economic Area or anyone under the minimum age to use the Services in the jurisdiction where they reside (“
Minimum Age
“). Persons under the Minimum age are prohibited from using our Services and we do not knowingly collect information from such individuals. If we become aware that a child under the Minimum Age has provided us with their information, we take steps to remove such information and terminate the child’s account, unless proper parental consent is delivered to XungApps.
CONTACT US
Email: xung.app@gmail.com