Privacy Policy
Updated:
January 1,
2023
I
ntroduction
Mitch Waite Group and its affiliates ("Mitch Waite Group,"
"we," or "us") respects your rights and our obligations
regarding your privacy and personal information, and we provide this Privacy
Policy ("Policy" or “Privacy Policy") to help you understand how
we collect, use, share, store, and disclose information we obtain from or about
you when you use: 1) our websites and mobile applications listed here:
whatbird.com,
ibird.com, forums.whatbird.com, mitchwaite.com
("Websites/Applications")
and 2) the services provided on or through the Websites/Applications, including
without limitation community forums (collectively, "Services"). This
Policy applies to your use of the Websites/Applications and Services. As used
herein, the term "use" shall mean use, access, play, install, sign
into, connect with, download, visit or browse our Websites/Applications or
Services.
THIS IS A LEGALLY BINDING
AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU AND MITCH WAITE GROUP, AND BY USING THE WEBSITES/APPLICATIONS
AND SERVICES, YOU AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT. You should review this
Policy in conjunction with our Terms of Use available here:
http://ibird.com/hub2/terms/termsofuse.html
and any
other agreement provided by us that governs your use of the Websites/Applications
and Services. You should not use the Websites/Applications and Services if you
do not agree with this Policy, our Terms of Use and any other agreement that
governs your use of the Websites/Applications and Services. Terms not otherwise
defined herein shall the same meaning as any definition set forth in the Terms
of Use.
For the purposes of the EU General Data Protection Regulation
2016/679 (the “GDPR”), Mitch Waite Group is the data controller.  This means
that we are responsible for deciding how we use the information held.  We are a
California corporation, registered in the United States with an office at
3001 Bridgeway, Suite K-321, Sausalito, CA 94965.
Phone number: +1-415-888-3233.
Scope
of This Policy and the Covered Sites
This Policy is applicable worldwide and applies to all of our Websites/Applications
and Services where we provide a link to this Policy, unless otherwise stated or
unless we provide a link to a different policy. All Websites/Applications and
Services that are governed by this Policy will contain a prominent link to this
Policy on or near the homepage of the Website/Application (or through a pop-up
window on any mobile and/or other Internet connected devices ("Wireless
Devices") where possible.
This Policy applies only to information that we collect online
through use of the Websites/Applications or Services. It does not apply to
information that we may collect through other means.
The Websites/Applications and Services may contain links to other
websites that are owned or operated by third parties (referred to in our Terms
of Use as "Linked Sites"). When you click on any link for a Linked
Site or visit a Linked Site’s website, you should be aware that you are leaving
a Mitch Waite Group Website/Application, and this Policy does not apply to any
such Linked Sites. We do not control and are not responsible for the terms of
service, privacy policies and/or practices of any Linked Sites, and you should
review the policies and agreements of such Linked Sites carefully.
Our
Policy Concerning Children
The Websites/Applications and Services are not intended for
children under the age of 13 and we do not knowingly collect any personal
information from such children. Children under the age of 13 should not use or
attempt to use our Websites/Applications or Services, and if you are under 13,
please do not attempt to use our Website/Application or Services or send any
information about yourself to Mitch Waite Group.
In the event that we learn that we have inadvertently gathered
personal information from a child under the age of 13, we will take reasonable
measures to erase such information from our records. Parents who believe that Mitch
Waite Group might have any information from or about a child under 13, may
submit a request to
support@ibird.com
and request that the information be removed.
The
Type of Information We May Collect
Mitch Waite Group may collect different information from or about
you depending upon the manner in which you use the Websites/Applications or
Services. The following examples are provided to help you better understand the
information we may collect through your use of and interaction with the Websites/Applications
and Services:
1.
When
you use a Mitch Waite Group Service, we may assign you a unique identifying
number ("ID number") which is not
publicly
displayed to other Mitch Waite Group users.
Additionally, you may be able to select a user name (collectively, "User
Name"). Please note, your User Name will be publicly viewable by others
who have access to the Websites/Applications and Services, and, in some
instances, may be viewable to others outside of Mitch Waite Group through
Internet searches and indexing. We recommend you do not use your real name or
other information that may be used to personally identify you as part of your
User Name as this information may be used to make unwanted contact with you by
third parties. We are not responsible for your User Name or the manner in which
it may be used by third parties.
2.
If you use
a Mitch Waite Group Service on or through a Wireless Device, we may, in
accordance with the terms of any applicable agreement with the Wireless Device
carrier (and as allowed by your privacy settings) collect certain information
such as your unique device identifier (a number automatically assigned to your
mobile or wireless device), device type, and information you choose to provide
or share, such as e-mail address (collectively "Mobile Information").
3.
We may
send push notifications to your mobile device to provide relevant messages. You
can manage push notifications from the "options" or
"settings" page within the mobile application. You also may be able
to manage them from your device’s settings page for the mobile application.
4.
We do not
ask you for, access or track any precise location-based information from your
mobile device at any time while downloading or using our Websites/Applications.
5.
When you use any of the Websites/Applications or Services, we will
collect any information you provide to us directly such as the following:
a.
In
order to use certain features of the Websites/Applications or Services, you may
be required to register for an account, and in that case, we will collect and
store any registration information you share with us such as, without
limitation, your date of birth, age, e-mail address, password and other
information that helps us confirm your access to your account and understand
more about who you are (collectively, "Registration Information").
b.
For
some Websites/Applications or Services, you may also have the option of
providing additional information about yourself to create a user profile
("Profile") that will be publicly viewable by others. We will collect
the information you share with us in creating your Profile such as your, first
and last name, user name, date of birth and gender. You should exercise care
and caution in creating your Profile as your Profile, including your Profile
Information, will be publicly viewable to others and may in some instances be
index by search engines and viewable outside of the Websites/Applications and
Services. Your Profile and Profile Information may be used by third parties to
make contact with you in unwanted ways, and Mitch Waite Group is not
responsible for information you supply in your Profile and/or the manner in
which it is used by others.
c.
Some
of the Websites/Applications or Services may allow you to interact with other
users or post, share, communicate with, or otherwise transmit content publicly,
such as by participating in forums, message boards, news feeds, status updates,
posting public comments to users’ profiles, sending messages or invitations to
other users, chatting with other users, posting photo, or posting comments to a
wall (collectively "Shared Content" or "Public Posting").
We may collect and store archives of such Public Postings on Mitch Waite Group’s
servers, and all Public Postings are subject to this Privacy Policy and may be
used or disclosed pursuant to the terms of this Policy and the Terms of Use,
including but not limited to protecting the safety and well-being of members of
the public, minors, Mitch Waite Group users, our employees, and our Websites/Applications
or Services.
6.
Keep in
mind that your Public Posting will be visible to anyone who has access to the Websites/Applications
or Services and may in some instances be viewable outside of Mitch Waite Group
as such Public Postings may, in certain instances, show up in Internet searches
and/or be indexed by search engines. Using certain tools, it may be possible
for you or third parties to copy, cut or post your Public Posting or other
information to different locations (including to websites not owned/operated by
Mitch Waite Group). This may result in the disclosure of private information on
third party websites—for which Mitch Waite Group is not responsible—and, in
some cases, may subject you to liability for information posted by or about
you. Therefore, you should exercise caution in all Public Postings, and we
recommend you do not provide personal information that may be used to identify
or contact you in a Public Posting. To request removal of your personal
information from our public forums, contact us at
support@ibird.com
. In some cases, we
may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let
you know if we are unable to do so and why.
7.
On some Websites/Applications
and Services, your User Name as well as your Profile Information may be
displayed in conjunction with your Public Posting. Thus, those accessing this
information may be able to identify you, using other available source of information,
such as information on other websites.
8.
If you
purchase any products or services through our Websites/Applications or
Services, we may collect certain information regarding your purchase (such as
your name and zip code) as necessary to process your order, and you will be
required to provide certain payment and billing information directly to our
payment processing partners, such as but not limited to your name, credit card
information, billing address, and zip code. We do not directly access, store or
collect your credit card information, and we will not use your payment
information we collect except as needed to fulfill your purchase and
communicate with you regarding your transaction.
9.
If you
contact us for assistance or to report a problem, concern, potential abuse or
other issue regarding the Websites/Applications, Services or a user, we may
collect and store your contact information, communication or other information
about you, including but not limited to your name, e-mail address, User Name,
ID number and location, and we reserve the right to conduct further research
and obtain further information as necessary. We will use the information to
respond to you, research your request/communication, and in accordance with
provisions of this Policy
10.
When you access the Websites/Applications
or Services, our servers automatically record, and we automatically collect,
certain information by automated means. This information may include without
limitation: (a) technical information about your computer or Wireless Device,
such as your IP address, operating system type, device ID, browser, domain and
other systems information as further explained in this Policy; and (b) usage
statistics about your interaction with the Websites/Applications and Services,
portions of the Websites/Applications or Services used/visited, and other
information regarding your use of the Websites/Applications and Services. This
technical information and usage data, some of which may be linked to your ID
number, is collected through the use of server log files and tracking
technologies, including: (i) cookies, which are small files that websites send
to your computer or Wireless Device to uniquely identify your browser or mobile
device or to store information in your browser setting; and (ii) web beacons,
which are small files that allow us to measure the actions of visitors to the Websites/Applications
or Services. For more detailed information regarding how we use cookies and
other technology, please review the additional information in this Policy under
the Section entitled "Our Use of Cookies And Automated Information
Collection."
11.
Our servers do not record or
recognize names or e-mail addresses of the user, unless the user registers for
an Account or provides such information to us in some other way, such as via a
transaction or Submission (as those terms are defined in our Terms of Use). The
technical information we obtain is collected, used, and stored as
de-identified, aggregated information ("Aggregate Information") which
may be used and shared for a number of purposes, including to improve the
quality of our Websites/Applications and Services; evaluate the effectiveness
and popularity of certain Websites/Applications and Services; analyze broad
demographic trends; verify compliance with our product license agreements; and
improve user experience; and as further set forth in this Policy. We may use
and share with third parties Technical Information (defined below) or Aggregate
Information to show general demographic and preference information among Mitch
Waite Group users. Our collection, use, and disclosure of anonymous and/or
Aggregate Information is not subject to any of the restrictions in this Privacy
Policy.
Our
Use of Cookies, Web Beacons And Automated Information Collection
Like many websites, Mitch Waite Group (and/or service providers
acting on our behalf, such as our third-party advertisers) uses server log
files and automated data collection tools, such as cookies, tags, scripts and
web beacons (collectively, "Data Collection Tools") when you access
or visit our Websites/Applications and Services. We tie the information
gathered by these means to our customers’ personally identifiable information.
These Data Collection Tools automatically track and collect certain technical
information that your browser sends to our Websites/Applications such as your
IP addresses, browser types, browser language, referring and exit pages, URLs,
platform type, the number of clicks, domain names, landing pages, clickstream
data, pages viewed and the order of those pages, the amount of time spent on
particular pages and the date and time of activity on our Websites/Applications
or Services, and other similar information (collectively "Technical
Information"). In some cases, we will associate this Technical Information
with your ID number for our internal use. By using our Websites/Applications
and Services, you consent to our use of cookies, web beacons and Data
Collection Tools.
We use cookies for a variety of reasons, including to: (i) analyze
the usage of our Websites/Applications and Services; (ii) provide a more
personalized experience; (iii) manage advertising; (iv) allow you to more
easily login to our Websites/Applications and Services; (iv) help make your
visit to our Websites/Applications and use of our Services more efficient and
more valuable by providing you with a customized experience and recognizing you
when you return.
We may also employ web beacons or other technology for a variety
of reasons such as allowing us to know if a certain page was visited or whether
an e-mail was opened and tracking pixels, which allow us to advertise more
efficiently by excluding our current users from certain promotional messages or
identifying the source of a new installation.
You can set your web browser to warn you about attempts to place
cookies on your computer, limit the type of cookies you allow or refuse cookies
all together; however, you may not be able to use some or all of the features
of the Websites/Applications and Services if you refuse/disable cookies.
Please note that third parties’ partners/providers, such as
companies delivering advertisements on the Websites/Applications and Services,
may also use cookies or other technologies, and those practices and providers
are subject to their own policies. Third parties with whom we partner to
provide certain features on our site use Local Storage Objects (LSOs) such as
Flash to collect and store information. Various browsers may offer their own
management tools for removing HTML5 LSOs. To manage Flash LSOs please click
here:
http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager07.html
1. Session Cookies
We use a session cookie to remember your log-in for you and
process your in-app purchases. These we deem strictly necessary to the working
of the Websites/Applications and Services. If these are disabled, then various
functionalities on the Websites/Applications and Services will be broken. More
information on session cookies and what they are used for at
http://www.allaboutcookies.org/cookies/session-cookies-used-for.html
.
Cookies we may use:
●
_foundation_session
●
bb_forum_view
●
bb_lastactivity
●
bb_lastvisit
●
entryUid
●
eu_privacy_consent
●
guest_naid
●
has_logged_in_Mitch
Waite Group
●
Mitch
Waite Group_logged_in
●
Mitch
Waite GroupId
●
kforumsession
●
PHPSESSID
●
remember_me
●
remember_me_user
●
timeout_length
●
titanic
2
. Marketing Cookies
OpenX - we use this service to provide dynamic promotion of our
new games and offers for players. You can find more information from OpenX
privacy policy
http://www.openx.com/about/privacy-policy
.
Cookies we may use:
●
OX_u
●
i
Mitch Waite Group uses the following cookies to track the
performance of our marketing campaigns.
Cookies we may use:
●
entrypt
●
entryptfree
●
entryptpaid
How
We Use The Information We Collect
We will only use information
that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal
information for purposes described in this Privacy Policy and when the law
allows us to do so. We will generally use your information on the following
legal grounds:
-
Where the use of
your information is necessary for the performance of a contract we are about to
enter into or have entered into with you;
-
Where the use is
necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests (or those of a third
party);
-
Where we need to
comply with a legal or regulatory obligation; or
-
Where you have given your consent, which
can be withdrawn at any time.
Mitch Waite Group may use the information we collect through your
use of the Websites/Applications and Services for a variety of purposes,
primarily related to providing and improving the quality of our Websites/Applications
and Services. For example, we may use the information we collect in the
following ways:
●
Providing,
administering, and facilitating your use of the Websites/Applications and
Services, including the display of customized content and/or targeted
advertising;
●
Notifying
you of products, new products, services, features, promotions, enhancements,
and updates to the Websites/Applications, Services, Terms of Use, and Privacy
Policy;
●
Marketing
our products and/or services to you, including sending you offers, promotions
information, newsletters, e-mail campaigns, and communications regarding new,
improved or existing products;
●
Resolving
site problems; handling or responding to customer support questions and issues;
●
Processing
or fulfilling your requests and orders for products, services, information or
features;
●
Enabling
user-to-user communication and interaction and soliciting input and feedback to
improve user experience;
●
Managing
your account preferences, establishing your Profile and Registration
Information;
●
Monitoring
the technical functioning of the Websites/Applications, Services, and network;
●
Developing
new and/or improved products, services or offerings;
●
Providing
you with news and newsletters;
●
To
create, review, analyze and share Aggregate Information;
●
Identifying,
researching, and protecting against any actual, potential or threatened misuse,
unauthorized use, or unwanted use of any of the Websites/Applications or
Services, including but not limited to researching any claims made by or about
others users and/or about the Websites/Applications and Services, and such
efforts of which may include information provided from third-party sources;
●
Third
party hosting of the Websites/Applications and Services;
●
Analyzing
trends and user traffic;
●
Marketing,
processing or fulfillment of Promotions administered or sponsored by Mitch
Waite Group;
●
Resolving
disputes;
●
Trouble-shooting
errors or issues with any of the Websites/Applications and Services;
●
Tracking
purchases and usage information;
●
Communicating
with you concerning your Account;
●
Asking
you to participate in surveys about products and services; or
●
As
we, in our sole discretion, otherwise determine to be necessary or required to
ensure the safety and/or integrity of our users, employees, third parties,
members of the public, and our Websites/Applications and Services.
If you have provided your e-mail address to Mitch Waite Group,
we’ll use it for such things as: (i) responding to customer support inquiries;
(ii) updating you on new products and product updates; and (iii) in accordance
with all of manners set forth in this Privacy Policy.
When
And How We May Share/Disclose Your Information With Third Parties
We will only share your information (including personal
information) with the following third parties or under the following
circumstances or as otherwise described in this policy:
1. Safety, Security, Cooperation With Law
Enforcement, & Compliance With Legal Obligations
We may disclose
your information to third parties, including your personal information, if we,
in our sole discretion, have a good faith belief that disclosure is: (1)
permitted or required by law; (2) requested in connection with or relevant to a
judicial, governmental or legal inquiry, investigation, order, or proceeding;
(3) required or reasonably necessary pursuant to a valid subpoena, warrant or
other legally valid inquiry or request; (4) reasonably necessary to enforce our
Terms of Use, this Policy, or any other legal agreements; (5) required to
detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, misuse, potential
violations of law (or rule/regulation), and/or security or technical issues; or
(6) required or reasonably necessary to protect against imminent harm to the
rights, property or safety of Mitch Waite Group, our users, employees, any
minors, members of the public and our Websites/Applications and Services. We
may also disclose information about you to our auditors or legal advisors in
conjunction with accessing our disclosure obligations and/or rights under this
Policy.
2. Third Party Service Providers, Contractors
or Agents.
We may share your information with third party companies
that perform services on our behalf, including payment processing, order
fulfillment, data analysis, marketing services, e-mail campaigns, hosting
services, and customer service. While providing the services for us, these
companies may access your personal information, and are required to use it
solely as directed by us for the purpose of our requested service.
3. Business Transfers, Sales or Mergers or
Divestitures.
In the event that Mitch Waite Group undergoes a
business transition, such as a merger, acquisition, corporate divestiture or
dissolution (including bankruptcy), or a sale of all or a portion of its
assets, including in connection with the sale or other transfer of a game, we
may share, disclose or transfer all of your information, including personal
information, to the successor organization in such transition.
4. Promotions
We
may share your information in connection with any Promotion you enter on or
through the Websites/Applications, as necessary to administer, market, sponsor,
or fulfill the Promotion or as required by applicable laws, rules or
regulations (for example, to provide winners’ lists or make required filings as
appropriate) or in accordance with the applicable Official Rules of the
Promotion/Sweepstakes you enter.
5. With Your Permission.
Additionally,
if you opt-in or otherwise agree to have your information shared with a third
party for marketing purposes, we will share your information with the third
party (or third parties) in which case the third party’s use of your
information is subject to the third party’s own privacy policy.
6. Advertising of Third Party
Products/Services.
We may use and share with third party advertisers
(and other third parties) certain Technical Information and/or Aggregate
Information to show general demographic and preference information among Mitch
Waite Group users. We may also allow advertisers to collect Technical
Information or Aggregate Information, which they may share with us, through the
use of tracking technologies like cookies and web beacons. The information
collected may be used to offer you targeted ad-selection and delivery in order
to personalize your user experience by increasing the likelihood that
advertisements for products and services you see will appeal to you, a practice
known as behavioral advertising, and to undertake web analytics (i.e. to
analyze traffic and other end user activity to improve your experience). To
learn more about behavioral advertising or to opt-out of this type of
advertising for participating ad networks, you can visit the Network
Advertising Initiative website
http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp
If you are located in the European Union and would like to opt-out, please
visit,
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
.
Please note this does not opt you out of being served ads. You will continue to
receive generic ads.
How
Do We Keep Your Information Secure?
Mitch Waite Group takes commercially reasonable security measures
to protect against unauthorized access to, or unauthorized alteration,
disclosure or destruction of, sensitive data that you share and we collect and
store. These security measures may include practices such as keeping your
sensitive data on a secured server behind a firewall, transmitting sensitive
information (such as a credit card number) entered on our site or mobile
application using secure socket layer technology (SSL), internal reviews of our
data collection practices and platforms, as well as physical security measures
to guard against unauthorized access to systems where we store your
information. Unfortunately, however, no security system can be 100% secured,
and we cannot guarantee that communications between you and Mitch Waite Group,
the Websites/Applications or Services, or any information provided to us in
connection with the information we collect through the Websites/Applications or
Services will be free from unauthorized access by third parties. Unauthorized
entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors may compromise
the security of user information at any time. Your password is an important
component of our security system. As such, it is your responsibility to protect
it. Do not share your password with any third parties. If your password has
been compromised for any reason, you should change it immediately and follow
the notification procedures set forth in Section 5 of our Terms of Use.
Your
Choices Regarding The Use of Your Information
As discussed, you can always choose not to provide certain
information to us but you may not be able to use certain features of the Websites/Applications
or Services. If you do not wish to receive Promotional Communications from us,
you can opt-out by: (i) following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the
Promotional Communication you receive; or (ii) managing your e-mail preferences
by signing into your account on the Websites/Applications, and unchecking the
email lists you no longer wish to subscribe to.
Please note that despite your opt-out choice or indicated e-mail
preferences, we will still send you administrative messages regarding the Websites/Applications
or Services, including, for example, administrative confirmations, order
confirmation, important updates regarding the Websites/Applications or
Services, and notices regarding this Policy.
How
We Respond to Do Not Track Signals
Because consumers are often unaware that their do-not-track
beacons are active, do-not-track does not frequently reflect the actual
preferences of our users.  Accordingly, Mitch Waite Group does not respond to
the federal Do-Not-Track signal.  If you would like to receive no promotional
communication from Mitch Waite Group, you are free to follow the procedure
described in the previous section to unsubscribe.
How
To Access & Update Your Information
You may access and update your information that Mitch Waite Group
collects and maintains in the following ways:
1. Information We Receive From a Third
Party Platform Or Wireless Device.
To manage the information Mitch Waite Group receives about you
from a Wireless Device, please follow the instructions provided by the Wireless
Device provider for updating your information and changing your privacy
settings. Once Mitch Waite Group receives your information from a Wireless
Device, that information is stored and used by Mitch Waite Group in accordance
with this Privacy Policy.
2. Information We Receive Directly From
You.
You may update the information you provide directly to Mitch
Waite Group by logging into your Account on the relevant Mitch Waite Group Website/Application
you are using and updating your Account information.
3. Right of Access To Your Information
You may also submit any requests for access to your personal data
to
support@ibird.com
in writing to Attn: Privacy,
Mitch
Waite Group, 3001 Bridgeway, Suite K-321, Sausalito, CA 94941. Phone number: +1
415 888-3233.
Please allow up to thirty (30) days for a response.
How
to Delete Your Account and What Happens if Your Account is Terminated or
Deleted
1. Deactivating Your Account
You may also request that we delete your Account by logging into
the account you wish to be deleted and using the ‘Contact Us’ link to submit
your request. Please indicate that you wish to delete your Account and provide
your first name, last name, e-mail address, and user name. We will make
commercially reasonable efforts to respond to your request within thirty (30)
days. Please note that we may be unable to process your request if you do not
log into the account you want to be removed.
2. Account Terminated or Deleted
Please be aware that even after your Account is terminated or
deleted, some or all of your information may still remain visible to others,
including but not limited to any information that has been: (a) incorporated
into others user’s content, comments, postings or submissions; (b) copied,
stored or disseminated by other users; or (c) shared or disseminated by you or
others such as in a Public Posting. A request to delete or terminate your
Account will not result in the removal of information collected and already put
in aggregate form or information that cannot, in our sole discretion, be
removed without undue burden to Mitch Waite Group.
Moreover, please be aware that even after you delete your Account
or your account is terminated, your information is not deleted in its entirety
from our servers. We may retain backup copies of your information, including
personal information on our servers or databases (and/or any authorized third
party servers or databases we use) to assist with any legal obligations,
resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. Such information may be disclosed
pursuant to this Policy regardless of whether your Account is deleted or
terminated. We will retain your information for as long as it serves a
reasonably useful commercial purpose.
Modifications
To This Policy
From time to time, we may update this Policy to clarify our
practices or to reflect new or different privacy practices, such as when we add
new features, and Mitch Waite Group reserves the right to modify and/or make
changes to this Policy at any time. If we make any material change, we will
notify you prominent means such as by email notice sent to the email address
specified in your account) or by posting a notice on the site. Other
modifications will become effective on the day they are posted unless stated
otherwise.
Any notifications regarding changes that have been posted on Websites/Applications
may be removed after 30 days. If you have not accessed the Websites/Applications
or the Services within 30 days, please consult the top of this Privacy Policy
to determine when this Privacy Policy was last revised as there may be changes
that have occurred since your last visit.
If you continue to access or use the Websites/Applications or
Materials, including any of the Services available through any Third-Party
Platform, after the effective date of any change, then such access or use will
be deemed an acceptance of and an agreement to follow and be bound by the
Policy as changed. The revised Policy supersedes all previous privacy policies.
For this reason, we encourage you to review this Policy any time you access or
use the Websites/Applications or Materials and recommend that you print out a
copy for your records. Upon our request, you agree to accept or sign a
non-electronic version of this Policy and any other policies or agreements set
forth or available on or through the Websites/Applications.
International
Operations: A Note To Users Outside Of The U.S. and the EU
Mitch Waite Group stores information about Website/Application
visitors on servers primarily located in the United States, and Mitch Waite
Group may also store such information on servers and equipment in other
countries. If you are accessing the Websites/Applications or Services from
outside the United States and the European Union, please know the data and
personal information you submit will be transferred to and stored in servers in
the United States or other countries. The data protection and other laws of the
United States and/or other countries might not be as comprehensive as those in
your country. By submitting your data and/or using our Websites/Applications or
Services, you consent to the transfer, storing, and processing of your data in
and to the United States.
Personal data collected within Switzerland and the European
Economic Area ("EEA") may be transferred to, and stored at, a
destination outside of Switzerland and the European Economic Area
("EEA"). The data we hold may also be processed by employees
operating outside of Switzerland and the EEA who work for us or one of our
affiliates or for one of our vendors. Such staff may be engaged in, among other
things, (i) the processing of transactions and your payment details and (ii)
the provision of support services. By submitting your personal data, you agree
to this transfer, storing or processing.
Your California Privacy Rights
Under California Civil Code Section 1798.83, California residents
have the right to receive: a) information identifying any third-party
company(ies) to whom Mitch Waite Group may have disclosed (within the previous
calendar year) personal information pertaining to you and your family for that
company’s direct marketing purposes; and b) a description of the categories of
personal information disclosed. If you are a California resident and wish to
obtain such information, submit a request to
support@ibird.com
with "Request
for California Privacy Information" as the subject line and in the body of
your message. Please be aware that not all information sharing is covered by
requirements and only information on covered sharing will be included in our
response. Please also note that under California law, businesses are only
required to respond to a customer request once during any calendar year.
Your
European Privacy Rights
You have the right to ask us
not to process your personal information for marketing purposes. We will
usually inform you (before collecting your personal information) if we intend
to use your personal information for such purposes or if we intend to disclose
your information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your
right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use
to collect your personal information. You can also exercise the right by
contacting us directly.
In certain circumstances, you
have the right to: (a) request access to any personal information we hold about
you and related information, (b) obtain without undue delay the rectification
of any inaccurate personal information, (c) request that your personal
information is deleted provided the personal information is not required by us
for compliance with a legal obligation under European or Member State law or
for the establishment, exercise or defense of a legal claim, (d) prevent or
restrict processing of your personal information, except to the extent
processing is required for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal
claims; and (e) request transfer of your personal information directly to a
third party where this is technically feasible.
In addition, where you believe
that we have not complied with its obligation under this Privacy Policy or
European law, you have the right to make a complaint to an EU Data Protection
Authority, such as the UK Information Commissioner’s Office.
You can exercise any of these rights by contacting us
at
support@ibird.com
or write to us at
Mitch Waite Group, 3001 Bridgeway, Suite K-321, Sausalito, CA
94941. Phone number: +1 415 888-3233.
How Long We Store Your
Personal Information
We will retain your personal information, in a form
which permits us to identify you, for as long as necessary to fulfil the
purposes we collected it for. We will retain and use your personal information
as necessary to satisfy any legal, accounting or reporting requirements, to
resolve disputes or to enforce our agreements and rights. In line with this
Privacy Policy, we will either securely delete or anonymize your personal
information so that it cannot be linked back to you.
Questions
Please feel free to contact us by submitting a request to
support@ibird.com
with any questions, concerns, or disputes you may have regarding our Privacy
Policy. Please put "Privacy Policy" in the subject line so your
message can be directed to the correct person. You may also contact us via
postal mail at Mitch Waite Group, Mitch Waite Group, 3001 Bridgeway, Suite
K-321, Sausalito, CA 94941. Phone number: +1 415 888-3233.