2
SITE SETTINGS
GBP - £
USD - $
AUD - $
CAD - $
EUR - €
EUR - €
EUR - €
EUR - €
EUR - €
EUR - €
EUR - €
LIGHT MODE
DARK MODE
Digital Subscriptions
>
Terms and Conditions
You are currently viewing the 
            United Kingdom
            version of the site.
Would you like to switch to your local site?
Home
My Library
Back Issue Sale
My Account
Pocketmags Plus+
Title A-Z
Category A-Z
Best Selling Magazines
Latest Offers
Gift Vouchers
Activate a Subscription
Blog
Help & Support
Gift Cards
£5
£10
£25
£50
View All
Read on any device
Safe & Secure Ordering
Terms and Conditions
Pocketmags is operated from the United Kingdom by Jellyfish Connect Ltd whose registered office is at Jellyfish House, 31 London Road, Reigate, Surrey RH2 9SS.
Access to, and use of, Pocketmags Services are subject to the following Terms and Conditions. Your acceptance of these Terms and Conditions also signifies your understanding of the Pocketmags Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to these Terms and Conditions or to the Privacy Policy, please discontinue using Pocketmags Services immediately.
1. Pocketmags Services
Pocketmags Services includes the Pocketmags website (www.Pocketmags.com), Pocketmags apps, other related apps served through Apple, Google Play and Amazon, and other related websites and services which provide the capability to view, access, purchase or subscribe to digital versions of magazines, newspapers, publications and products.
2. Your usage of Pocketmags Services
By using Pocketmags Services, you agree that you will only use them for your own personal and non-commercial use. You agree not to reproduce, adapt, alter or create a derivative work from any Third Party Publisher Content except with explicit prior written permission.
3.Your Pocketmags Account
Certain Pocketmags Services are only available when you register and set up a Pocketmags Account using your name and a unique email address and password. By registering and setting up a Pocketmags Account, you certify that you are not using anyone else’s name, email address or password. You agree to provide and maintain true, accurate, current and complete information in your Account at all times, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your Account, and you accept responsibility for the activities that occur under your Account, including the selection, purchase and use of Pocketmags Services. If you have any reason to believe that there has been any unauthorised access to your Account at any time, please change your password as soon as possible.
4. Your Contract
Pocketmags acts as a sales agent and distributor for Third Party Publishers for the digital versions of the magazines, newspapers, publications and products featured and available through Pocketmags Services. By submitting an order to purchase, you are making an offer to order or subscribe to that magazine, newspaper, publication or product. Your Contract will be with the company/platform that you select to make your initial purchase through, which may include Pocketmags, Apple, Google Play, Amazon or a Third Party Publisher. When you purchase through Pocketmags, no contractual obligations will arise until your offer to buy or subscribe is confirmed to you by Pocketmags.<
5. Third Party Publishers and Third Party Publisher Content
As a sales agent and distributor of the magazines, newspapers, publications and products supplied by Third Party Publishers, Pocketmags has no editorial control over Third Party Publisher Content. Any opinions, advice, statements, services, offers or other information or content expressed or made available by Third Party Publishers through the Pocketmags Services are those of the respective author(s) or Third Party Publisher(s) and not of Pocketmags. Pocketmags does not guarantee the accuracy, completeness or usefulness of any Content, nor will be liable for any loss or damage caused by your reliance on information obtained through the Pocketmags Services. Content available through Pocketmags Services may contain links to other websites and resources and Pocketmags has no responsibility or liability for communications or materials available at such linked sites. These links are provided for your convenience only and you are solely responsible for understanding any specific terms and conditions that may apply when you visit or place an order these linked sites.
6. Prices and taxes
Prices quoted include taxes (where applicable) and are set by Third Party Publishers, not by Pocketmags. If you purchase a subscription from a specific country, you are confirming that you live and pay tax in that country.
7. Auto-renew subscriptions
When you purchase a subscription, your chosen subscription term will automatically renew unless you actively cancel the auto-renewal at least 24 hours before it is due to renew. If your subscription auto-renews, the renewal will be for the same rate and duration as per your initial purchase, unless otherwise stated when the product is selected, such as in the case of introductory offers. How to cancel an auto-renewal subscription will depend on where you originally made the purchase:
- Via Pocketmags.com: log in to your Pocketmags Account and visit the
My Subscriptions page.
- Via the Apple App Store: instructions can be found
here
- Via the Google Play Store: instructions can be found
here
- Via Amazon: instructions can be found
here
Credit-based subscriptions e.g. when you purchase a gift subscription of 12 issues (rather than 12 months) do not automatically renew.
8. Payment options and security
Pocketmags accepts payment by debit card, credit card or PayPal. For debit and credit card payment processing, Pocketmags uses hosted payment services provided by MPP Global Solutions Ltd & Stripe Payments UK Ltd to ensure a very high level of payment security and protection. Any credit or debit card information you provide is encrypted using Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology ensuring your credit or debit card details are safe and secure, and processing meets the requirements of the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI) which was created to ensure that organisations that process card payments prevent fraud. PayPal payments are processed securely through PayPal according to the User Agreement you have with PayPal.
9. Use of your data by Pocketmags
Any data Pocketmags may collect about you while using the Pocketmags Services shall be dealt with in accordance with the Pocketmags Privacy Policy. By setting up a Pocketmags Account you agree that your name and email address may be used by Pocketmags to provide you with access to and use of Pocketmags Services and to send you service communications by email related to your Pocketmags Account, Pocketmags Services and any specific magazine, newspaper, publication or products you select to purchase. Unless you indicate otherwise when either first setting up your Pocketmags Account or by actively unsubscribing through clicking relevant links included in emails, you also agree to be sent other occasional emails by Jellyfish Connect Ltd (owner of Pocketmags) about special offers, loyalty schemes, products and services offered through Pocketmags and magazine.co.uk (which are both owned and run by Jellyfish Connect Ltd).
10. Use of your data by Third Party Publishers
Only when you explicitly agree that your name and email address may be passed to a Third Party Publisher will your data be shared with the Third Party Publisher. In these circumstances, the Third Party Publisher will handle your data according to their own Privacy Policy and may use your data for the purposes of sending occasional email communications relating to similar products and services. Once Pocketmags has passed your data to the Third Party Publisher, should you subsequently wish to opt out of their email communications, you will need to unsubscribe from their emails directly.
11. Refund policy
Purchase of magazines, newspapers, publications and products through Pocketmags Services are non-refundable after content has been purchased and viewed. Refunds will not be given for an active subscription period, but you may turn off subsequent auto-renewals by following the instructions under Auto-renew subscriptions. Any refund requests may be denied and an administration fee may be applied in any case where they are approved.
12. Gift vouchers
Gift vouchers can only be redeemed through registering with Pocketmags and setting up a Pocketmags Account. Should the full gift voucher value not be used, any remaining balance will be converted into Pocketmags Points which can be used against further purchases through Pocketmags at a later date, but will expire within 18 months if not used. Gift vouchers which have not been registered and set up with a Pocketmags Account within 18 months of the date of purchase will automatically expire and no refunds will be given. Gift vouchers cannot be used to purchase other gift vouchers, cannot be exchanged for cash and are neither a credit, charge or cheque guarantee card. Pocketmags cannot be held liable for gift vouchers which are lost or stolen, or any funds or Pocketmags Points used without your knowledge.
13.Discount codes
Discount codes cannot be used in conjunction with any other promotion and can only be used at the time of purchase and not retrospectively. Discount codes cannot be used to purchase gift vouchers and cannot be exchanged for cash.
14. Information
Whilst every effort is taken to ensure that the information on Pocketmags is accurate, descriptions and prices of the magazines, newspapers, publications and products featured is provided by the Third Party Publishers. Pocketmags therefore accepts no responsibility for the accuracy of the information and is not responsible for any errors or omissions. Cover and product images may also purely be for illustrative purposes only.
15. Intellectual property
All content included on Pocketmags and provided as part of the Pocketmags Services such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, as well as the compilation thereof, and all software and applications used, is the property of Jellyfish Connect Ltd or its associates or suppliers and is protected by international copyright laws. You agree to abide by all copyright notices, legends or other restrictions contained in any such content and will not make any changes thereto. Each Third Party Publisher owns the copyright on Content original to it including, without limitation, on the magazines, newspapers, publications and products delivered or otherwise made available to you through Pocketmags Services. Except as permitted by the lawful owner, you acknowledge that you do not acquire any ownership rights by downloading copyrighted material. Except as explicitly permitted under copyright law and by the features of the Pocketmags Services, you may not modify, reverse engineer, publish, transmit, display, participate in the transfer or sale, create derivative works, or in any way commercially exploit or provide to a third party any content on or provided through Pocketmags Services without the express permission of Jellyfish Connect Ltd and the copyright owner.
16.Endorsements
Reference to, or inclusion of, any Third Party Publisher’s product does not constitute endorsement by Pocketmags of such Third Party or the quality of the Content it provides.
17.Modifications to Pocketmags Services
Pocketmags reserves the right to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Pocketmags Services (or any part thereof) with or without notice at any time. Pocketmags shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of the Pocketmags Services.
18.Termination by Pocketmags
Pocketmags may, at its sole discretion and without liability, terminate your Contract or Pocketmags Account or use of Pocketmags Services for any reason, including, without limitation, if Pocketmags believes that you have violated or acted inconsistently with the letter or spirit of these Terms and Conditions. In this situation, any termination may be effected without prior notice, and Pocketmags may immediately deactivate or delete your Account and all related information and/or restrict any further access to Pocketmags Services and will not issue refunds for any remaining portions of any subscriptions which have not been serviced by Pocketmags.
19.Notification of changes to Terms and Conditions
From time to time, these Terms and Conditions may be changed to keep them up to date with either new or current products or services or appropriate legislation. If Pocketmags makes any material changes, you will be sent a service email notification describing such changes and in these circumstances if you do not wish to accept the changed Terms and Conditions, you may immediately cancel any Pocketmags subscription or terminate your Pocketmags Account. However any access or use of any Pocketmags Services subsequent to such an update or email notification will signify your assent to be bound by such changes.
20.English law
Laws of England and Wales shall govern your use of Pocketmags Services.
21. US Residents – Arbitration Clause
Dispute Resolution for U.S. Residents: IF YOU ARE A UNITED STATES RESIDENTS, PLEASE READ THIS “DISPUTE RESOLUTION” SECTION CAREFULLY, AS IT MAY SIGNIFICANTLY AFFECT YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS, INCLUDING YOUR RIGHT TO FILE OR PARTICIPATE IN A LAWSUIT FILED IN COURT. FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT, THIS SECTION IS ONLY APPLICABLE TO U.S. RESIDENTS.
21.1 Informal dispute resolution procedure.
If a dispute arises between you and Jellyfish, we are committed to working with you to reach a reasonable resolution. For any such dispute, both parties acknowledge and agree that they will first make a good faith effort to resolve it informally before initiating any formal dispute resolution proceeding in arbitration or otherwise. This requires first sending a written description of the dispute to the other party. For any dispute you initiate, you agree to send the written description of the dispute along with the email address associated with your account, if any, to the
        following email address: Attention General Counsel
legal@jellyfish.com
. For any dispute that Jellyfish initiates, we will send our written description of the dispute to the email address associated with your Jellyfish account. The written description must be on an individual basis and provide, at minimum, the following information: your name; a description of the nature or basis of the claim or dispute; and the specific relief sought. If the dispute is not resolved within sixty (60) days after receipt of the written description of the dispute, you and Jellyfish agree to the further dispute resolution provisions below.
The above process for an informal dispute resolution process is required before you may commence any formal dispute resolution proceeding. The parties agree that any relevant limitations period and filing fees or other deadlines will be tolled while the parties engage in this informal dispute resolution process.
21.2 Mutual arbitration agreement.
You and Jellyfish agree that all claims, disputes, or disagreements that may arise out of the interpretation or performance of these Terms (including its formation, performance, and breach) or payments by or to Jellyfish, or that in any way relate to the provision or use of the Website, your relationship with Jellyfish, or any other dispute with Jellyfish, shall be resolved exclusively through binding arbitration in accordance with this Section 21 (collectively, the “Arbitration Agreement”). This includes claims that arose, were asserted, or involve facts occurring before the existence of this Arbitration Agreement or any prior agreement as well as claims that may arise after the termination of this Arbitration Agreement, in accordance with the notice and opt-out provisions set forth in Sections 21.10 and 21.11). This Arbitration Agreement is governed by the Federal Arbitration Act (“FAA”) in all respects and evidences a transaction involving interstate commerce. You and Jellyfish expressly agree that the FAA shall exclusively govern the interpretation and enforcement of this Arbitration Agreement. If for whatever reason the rules and procedures of the FAA cannot apply, the state law governing arbitration agreements in the state in which you reside shall apply.
Except as set forth in this Section 21.2, the arbitrator or arbitration body, and not any federal, state or local court or agency, shall have exclusive authority to resolve all disputes arising out of or relating to the interpretation, applicability, enforceability or formation of the Agreement (including these Terms) and this Arbitration Agreement, including, but not limited to any claim that all or any part thereof are void or voidable, whether a claim is subject to arbitration, and any dispute regarding the payment of administrative or arbitrator fees (including the timing of such payments and remedies for nonpayment). The arbitrator or arbitration body shall be empowered to grant whatever relief would be available in a court under law or in equity.
Notwithstanding the parties' decision to resolve all disputes through arbitration, each party retains the right to (i) elect to have any claims resolved in small claims court on an individual basis for disputes and actions within the scope of such court's jurisdiction, regardless of what forum the filing party initial chose; (ii) bring an action in state or federal court to protect its intellectual property rights (“intellectual property rights” in this context means patents, copyrights, moral rights, trademarks, and trade secrets and other confidential or proprietary information, but not privacy or publicity rights); and (iii) seek a declaratory judgment, injunction, or other equitable relief in a court of competent jurisdiction regarding whether a party's claims are time-barred or may be brought in small claims court. Seeking such relief shall not waive a party's right to arbitration under this agreement, and any filed arbitrations related to any action filed pursuant to this paragraph shall automatically be stayed pending the outcome of such action.
You and Jellyfish agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of any federal or state court in Baltimore, MD in order to compel arbitration, to stay proceedings pending arbitration, or to confirm, modify, vacate, or enter judgment on the award entered by the arbitrator; and in connection with any such proceeding, further agree to accept service of process by U.S. mail and hereby waive any and all jurisdictional and venue defenses otherwise available.
Except as set forth in Section 21.3 below, if any provision of this Arbitration Agreement is found by an arbitrator or court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, the parties nevertheless agree that the arbitrator or court should endeavor to give effect to the parties’ intentions as reflected in the provision, and the other provisions thereof remain in full force and effect.
THE PARTIES UNDERSTAND THAT ARBITRATION MEANS THAT AN ARBITRATOR AND NOT A JUDGE OR JURY WILL DECIDE THE CLAIM, AND THAT RIGHTS TO PREHEARING EXCHANGE OF INFORMATION AND APPEALS MAY BE LIMITED IN ARBITRATION.
YOU HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT YOU AND JELLYFISH ARE EACH WAIVING THE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.
21.3 Class arbitration and collective relief waiver.
YOU AND JELLYFISH ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT ALLOWED BY LAW, EXCEPT AS SET OUT OTHERWISE IN THIS SECTION 21.3 AND SECTION 21.7 BELOW, ANY ARBITRATION SHALL BE CONDUCTED IN AN INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY ONLY AND NOT AS A CLASS OR OTHER CONSOLIDATED ACTION AND THE ARBITRATOR MAY AWARD RELIEF ONLY IN FAVOR OF THE INDIVIDUAL PARTY SEEKING RELIEF AND ONLY TO THE EXTENT NECESSARY TO RESOLVE AN INDIVIDUAL PARTY'S CLAIM, UNLESS JELLYFISH PROVIDES ITS CONSENT TO CONSOLIDATE IN WRITING.
If there is a final judicial determination that either the Class Arbitration Action and Collective Relief Waiver or the provisions in Section 21.7 are not enforceable as to a particular claim or request for relief, then the parties agree that that particular claim or request for relief may proceed in court but shall be severed and stayed pending arbitration of the remaining claims. This provision does not prevent you or Jellyfish from participating in a class-wide settlement of claims.
21.4 Arbitration rules.
The arbitration will be administered by National Arbitration and Mediation (“NAM”) and resolved before a single arbitrator. If NAM is not available to arbitrate, the parties will select an alternative arbitration provider, but in no event shall any arbitration be administered by the American Arbitration Association. Except as modified by this “Dispute Resolution” provision, NAM will administer the arbitration in accordance with the NAM Comprehensive Dispute Resolution Rules and Procedures, Fees For Disputes When One of the Parties is a Consumer and the Mass Filing Dispute Resolution Rules and Procedures in effect at the time any demand for arbitration is filed with NAM, excluding any rules or procedures governing or permitting class or representative actions. The applicable NAM rules and procedures are available at www.namadr.com or by emailing National Arbitration and Mediation's Commercial Dept at
commercial@namadr.com
.
21.5 Initiating arbitration.
Only after the parties have engaged in a good-faith effort to resolve the dispute in accordance with the Informal Dispute Resolution Procedure provision, and only if those efforts fail, then either party may initiate binding arbitration as the sole means to resolve claims using the procedures set forth in the applicable NAM rules. If you are initiating arbitration, a copy of the demand shall also be emailed to General Counsel
legal@jellyfish.com
. If Jellyfish is initiating arbitration, it will serve a copy of the demand to the email address associated with your Jellyfish account or the email that Jellyfish has on file for you. The arbitrator has the right to impose sanctions in accordance with the NAM rules and procedures for any frivolous claims or submissions the arbitrator determines have not been filed in good faith, as well as for a party's failure to comply with the Informal Dispute Resolution Procedure contemplated by this Agreement.
21.6 Arbitration location and procedure.
If you are a resident of the United States the arbitration will be conducted in the county where you reside, and if you are not a resident of the United States the arbitration shall be conducted in Baltimore, MD, United States of America, unless you and Jellyfish otherwise agree or unless the designated arbitrator determines that such venue would be unreasonably burdensome to any party, in which case the arbitrator shall have the discretion to select another venue. If the amount in controversy does not exceed $10,000 and you do not seek injunctive or declaratory relief, then the arbitration will be conducted solely on the basis of documents you and Jellyfish submit to the arbitrator, unless the arbitrator determines that a hearing is necessary. If the amount in controversy exceeds $10,000 or seeks declaratory or injunctive relief, either party may request (or the arbitrator may determine) to hold a hearing, which shall be via videoconference or telephone conference unless the parties agree otherwise.
Subject to the applicable NAM rules and procedures, the parties agree that the arbitrator will have the discretion to allow the filing of dispositive motions if they are likely to efficiently resolve or narrow issues in dispute. Unless otherwise prohibited by law, all arbitration proceedings will be confidential and closed to the public and any parties other than you and Jellyfish (and each of the parties’ authorized representatives and agents), and all records relating thereto will be permanently sealed, except as necessary to obtain court confirmation of the arbitration award (provided that the party seeking confirmation shall seek to file such records under seal to the extent permitted by law).
21.7 Batch arbitration.
To increase the efficiency of administration and resolution of arbitrations, in the event 100 or more similar arbitration demands (those asserting the same or substantially similar facts or claims, and seeking the same or substantially similar relief) presented by or with the assistance or coordination of the same law firm(s) or organization(s) are submitted to NAM (or another arbitration provider selected in accordance with Section 21.4 if NAM is unavailable) against Jellyfish within reasonably close proximity (“Mass Filing”), the parties agree (i) to administer the Mass Filing in batches of 100 demands per batch (to the extent there are fewer than 100 arbitration demands left over after the batching described above, a final batch will consist of the remaining demands) with only one batch filed, processed, and adjudicated at a time; (ii) to designate one arbitrator for each batch; (iii) to accept applicable fees, including any related fee reduction determined by NAM (or another arbitration provider selected in accordance with 21.4 if NAM is unavailable) in its discretion; (iv) that no other demands for arbitration that are part of the Mass Filing may be filed, processed, or adjudicated until the prior batch of 100 is filed, processed, and adjudicated; (v) that fees associated with a demand for arbitration included in a Mass Filing, including fees owed by Jellyfish and the claimants, shall only be due after your demand for arbitration is included in a set of batch proceedings and that batch is properly designated for filing, processing, and adjudication; and (vi) that the staged process of batched proceedings, with each set including 100 demands, shall continue until each demand (including your demand) is adjudicated or otherwise resolved. Arbitrator selection for each batch shall be conducted to the greatest extent possible in accordance with the applicable NAM rules and procedures for such selection, and the arbitrator will determine the location where the proceedings will be conducted. You agree to cooperate in good faith with Jellyfish and the arbitration provider to implement such a “batch approach” or other similar approach to provide for an efficient resolution of claims, including the payment of combined reduced fees, set by NAM in its discretion, for each batch of claims. The parties further agree to cooperate with each other and the arbitration provider or arbitrator to establish any other processes or procedures that the arbitration provider or arbitrator believe will provide for an efficient resolution of claims. Any disagreement between the parties as to whether this provision applies or as to the process or procedure for batching shall be resolved by a procedural arbitrator appointed by NAM. This “Batch Arbitration” provision shall in no way be interpreted as increasing the number of claims necessary to trigger the applicability of NAM’s Mass Filing Supplemental Dispute Resolution Rules and Procedures or authorizing class arbitration of any kind. Unless Jellyfish otherwise consents in writing, Jellyfish does not agree or consent to class arbitration, private attorney general arbitration, or arbitration involving joint or consolidated claims under any circumstances, except as set forth in section 21.3 above and this section 21.7. If your demand for arbitration is included in the Mass Filing, your claims will remain tolled until your demand for arbitration is decided, withdrawn, or is settled.
21.8 Arbitrator's decision.
The arbitrator will render an award within the time frame specified in the applicable NAM rules and procedures. The arbitrator's decision will include the essential findings and conclusions upon which the arbitrator based the award. Judgment on the arbitration award may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. The arbitrator will have the authority to award monetary damages on an individual basis and to grant, on an individual basis, any non-monetary remedy or relief available to an individual to the extent available under applicable law, the arbitral forum's rules, and this Arbitration Agreement. The parties agree that the damages and/or other relief must be consistent with section 21.3 above and also must be consistent with the terms of the “Limitation of Liability” section of the Agreement as to the types and the amounts of damages or other relief for which a party may be held liable. No arbitration award or decision will have any preclusive effect as to issues or claims in any dispute with anyone who is not a named party to the arbitration. Attorneys’ fees will be available to the prevailing party in the arbitration only if authorized under applicable substantive law governing the claims in the arbitration.
21.9 Fees.
You are responsible for your own attorneys’ fees unless the arbitration rules and/or applicable law provide otherwise. The parties agree that NAM has discretion to reduce the amount or modify the timing of any administrative or arbitration fees due under NAM’s Rules where it deems appropriate (including as specified in Section 21.7), provided that such modification does not increase the costs to you, and you further agree that you waive any objection to such fee modification. The parties also agree that a good-faith challenge by either party to the fees imposed by NAM does not constitute a default, waiver, or breach of this Section 21.9 while such challenge remains pending before NAM, the arbitrator, and/or a court of competent jurisdiction, and that any and all due dates for those fees shall be tolled during the pendency of such challenge.
21.10 Right to opt-out of the Arbitration Agreement.
IF YOU DO NOT WISH TO BE BOUND BY THE “ARBITRATION AGREEMENT” AS SET FORTH IN THIS “DISPUTE RESOLUTION” SECTION 21, THEN:
(1) you must notify Jellyfish in writing within thirty (30) days of the date that you first use the Website or Services or otherwise become subject to this Arbitration Agreement (or any subsequent changes to the provisions of the section titled “Dispute Resolution”); (2) your written notification must be mailed to Legal Department or emailed to
legal@jellyfish.com
; and (3) your written notification must include (a) your name, (b) your address, (c) the date you purchased the product, if applicable and (d) a clear statement that you wish to opt out of this Arbitration Agreement. Jellyfish will continue to honor any valid opt outs if you opted out of arbitration in a prior version of the Agreement pursuant to the requirements set forth in that version. If you do not timely opt out of this Arbitration Agreement, such action shall constitute mutual acceptance of the terms of these “Dispute Resolution” provisions by you and Jellyfish.
21.11 Changes.
Jellyfish will provide thirty (30) days’ notice of any changes to this “Dispute Resolution” section by posting the change on Jellyfish's website, or providing any other notice in accordance with legal requirements. Any such changes will go into effect 30 days after Jellyfish provides this notice and apply to all claims not yet filed. If you reject any such changes by opting out of the Arbitration Agreement, you may exercise your right to a trial by jury or judge, as permitted by applicable law, but any prior existing agreement to arbitrate disputes under a prior version of the Arbitration Agreement will not apply to claims not yet filed. If Jellyfish changes this “Dispute Resolution” section after the date you first accepted this Agreement (or accepted any subsequent changes to this Agreement), you agree that your continued use of the Website 30 days after such change will be deemed acceptance of those changes. If you do not agree to such change, you may opt out by providing notice as described in Section 21.10.
22.International users and usage
Pocketmags and Pocketmags Services are controlled, operated and administered by Jellyfish Connect Ltd from its offices within the United Kingdom. If you access any Pocketmags Services from a location outside the United Kingdom, you are responsible for compliance with any appropriate local laws that may apply.
23.Pocketmags Plus+
Pocketmags Plus+ allows you to access a selection of publications only while you have an active subscription to Pocketmags Plus+. Should your subscription end for any reason, you will no longer have access to any publications that were available to you whilst your subscription was active (unless you have other means of access, such as via a separate single issue or subscription purchase).
Pocketmags will always endeavour to improve the range of content available in Pocketmags Plus+ however the selection of titles is not fixed or permanent. Pocketmags reserves the right to change the available publications at any time. This may mean that the available publication list can increase, or that content initially available in a subscription may no longer be available. Pocketmags or its partners will not refund any balance of a current subscription as a result of changes to the available publications.
24.Feedback and reviews
Should you provide comments, feedback, suggestions or reviews to Pocketmags regarding its website, application, service or publications, by any means, all such communication will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary. You hereby assign all right, title and interest in, and Pocketmags is free to use, any such communications, without any attribution or compensation to you, for any purpose whatsoever.
25. Pocketmags Plus+ for Business
By placing an order with us, you warrant that you are legally capable of entering into binding contracts on behalf of your business and/ or venue, and that you are in agreement with the main Pocketmags Terms and Conditions. Pocketmags Plus+ Business is designed for use in business waiting areas and is subject to a fair usage policy on concurrent and total usage. Should you have greater requirements, such as institutional access, or as an employee benefit, please contact info@pocketmags.com. Pocketmags Plus+ Business is supplied to your venue(s) via an internet browser, including Chrome, Firefox and Safari and access is restricted to the venue's static IP address.
Pocketmags Plus+ Business subscriptions are paid for in advance via continuous recurring payment charged at the agreed frequency (for example, monthly) and price. The subscription and recurring payment can be cancelled at any time. Once cancelled access to the Reading Zone will cease at the end of the current payment period (the date the next renewal was due). No refund will be given for total or part cancellation of the subscription. You may not assign or sub-contract your rights or obligations under this agreement to any third parties unless expressly agreed in writing by Jellyfish Connect Ltd.
Pocketmags will always endeavour to improve the range of content available in Pocketmags Plus+ Business however the selection of titles is not fixed or permanent. Pocketmags reserves the right to change the available publications at any time. This may mean that the available publication list can increase, or that content initially available in a subscription may no longer be available. Pocketmags or its partners will not refund any balance of a current subscription as a result of changes to the available publications.
26. Pocketmags for Institutions (‘Institutional Access’)
By placing an Institutional Access order with us, you warrant that you are legally capable of entering into binding contracts on behalf of your institution (such as library, educational establishment, corporation), and that you are in agreement with the main Pocketmags Terms and Conditions. Institutional Access is designed for use only by individuals that you have authenticated, verified and authorised for access (for example, members/employees/Full-Time Equivalents (FTEs)). Pricing is available on request from:
https://pocketmags.com/institutional/enquire
. If the price is accepted an invoice for this amount will be sent. On receipt of payment access will be granted for a 12 month period via the institution’s chosen access method from our available options. At the end of this period access will cease (unless access is renewed). You may not assign or sub-contract your rights or obligations under this agreement to any third parties unless expressly agreed in writing by Jellyfish Connect Ltd.
CUSTOMER HELPDESK
Please refer to our FAQs page
here
.
Pocketmags c/o Jellyfish Connect Ltd, Jellyfish House, 31 London Road, Reigate, Surrey RH2 9SS
Terms and Conditions last updated: 5th May 2023
Basket -
0 items
Your basket is currently empty.
Continue Shopping
Basket Total:
£
0.00
Earning
0
Loyalty Points
Each Point is worth 1 penny or unit of currency and can be redeemed against future purchases here at Pocketmags.com
Got a discount code? Add it in the next step.
Checkout Securely
Continue Shopping
Or, read for just
99p
with
You can enjoy:
The issue in your basket
Instant access to 600+ titles
Thousands of back issues
30 days for just 99p
TRY PLUS+ FOR 99p
30 days access, then just £9.99 / month. Cancel anytime. New subscribers only.
Learn more
Chat
Contact Us
Use the form below, and we’ll get back to you as soon as possible.
Send a copy of chat messages
Send Message
Message Sent
Many thanks for your enquiry.
One of our support staff will get back to you soon.
Start New Chat
Close Chat
Error In sending Email
We could not send your ticket at this time, please try again later
Start New Chat
Close Chat