Privacy Policy
All Kidlo Apps are safe for kids and parents.
This is the privacy policy for all Kidlo Apps developed and owned by IDZ Digital Private Limited ("IDZ Digital Private Limited", "we", or "us"). We value the privacy of both the parents/guardians as well as the children who are using the apps and have, thus, created this Privacy Policy (the "Privacy Policy") to show our commitment towards safeguarding your privacy. Your privacy is very important to us, and we take it seriously. Please read our Privacy Policy below and let us know if you have any questions or other feedback regarding it.
By using our apps or any services linked to the apps, you agree to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
Personal Information
We do not collect any Personal Information like name, phone number, address, location, child's name etc., from the app users. Only if you choose to register for a Kidlo account and enter your email address, your email address is stored in a secure server. We do not collect any information apart from email address while registering your account. An email address is required for the purpose of registration, resetting password, getting access to more features, etc. While registering if you opt-in to receive emails from us for marketing purposes, we may send you emails from time to time. We do not share your email address with any third party for any purpose. We use services like MailChimp  to send you these marketing emails from time to time. Hence we may save the email address in our account there. You can unsubscribe from our newsletter email list any time by clicking the unsubscribe button at the bottom of every email.
We do not collect any Personal Information like name, phone number, address, location, child's name etc., from the app users. However if you choose to use the Subscription Service. We do not share your email address with any third party. We may use services like MailChimp and similar others to send you emails from time to time. Hence we may save the email address in our account there.
MailChimp Privacy Policy:
https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/
If we do happen to obtain any personal information, including emails or phone numbers obtained through support requests or other correspondence, it will be treated with the strictest confidentiality. Any such personal information will never be shared with any other entities. Any such personal information will be retained towards resolution of the support requests and for future reference if you need support again. We can delete the emails anytime on your request. We use Google's G Suite for Business for our emails.
TrueDepth API:
We use this API in some of our apps to track the facial expressions and movements to place our face filters for enhanced user experience.
Please note that no data is collected or stored with this API.
Know more about this API:
https://developer.apple.com/documentation/arkit/arfacetrackingconfiguration
Non-Personal Information:
We make use of analytics services like Appsflyer, Firebase and Crashlytics that use cookies sent from our Platform in order to provide non-personal data and information regarding the use of the Platform according to our Legitimate Interests. The kind of information collected includes the type of device or version of the operating system you are using, the app crash report, and the general pattern of the use of the Platform. We use this data to improve the Platform and related services over time so that we can serve our users better. It should be noted that at no point in time shall your personal information be linked to the cookies or videos (non-personal information) sent from your device to the analytics services so that your privacy is always kept protected. Appsflyer and Firebase have their own Privacy Policies for the information they collect from the device via the Platform. Please review their Privacy Policies:
Appsflyer Privacy Policy:
https://www.appsflyer.com/legal/services-privacy-policy/
Firebase Privacy Policy:
https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy
Internet permissions
Our apps do typically require internet permissions, for the purpose of downloading additional content for the app, providing links to the app store entry of our other apps and to collect anonymous usage information for analytics as mentioned above.
Age limitations:
We do not knowingly contact or do business with children under 13 years of age. If a parent/guardian becomes aware that a child under the age of 13 has attempted to contact and/or do business with us, please advise us by email at support@kidlo.com so that we may rectify the situation.
In-app purchases:
Our apps may contain in-app purchases (IAP’s) or Subscriptions.
Advertising:
We may occasionally cross-promote other products of our own within our apps.
Social media:
Our apps do not interact with any social media sites. We may provide links to our own social media sites for the purpose of providing support and product information.
Children's Privacy:
As creators of kids apps, we adhere to The Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) (
http://www.coppa.org
)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under the age of 13 years old, the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, United States' consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children's privacy and safety online. The privacy of your child is of paramount importance to you and we respect that. We DO NOT ask for or collect any child specific data like name, age, school, etc., anywhere in the apps. We may ask for your child's interests but that is just to personalize your child's experience on our app and show them relevant content. You can avoid personalizing the experience by not providing any interests and use the default options. We do not let third-parties, including plug-ins collect personally identifiable information from children. The In-App Purchases or Subscription Service are accessible only via the parental gate. Only after you enter the correct answer to the parental question, will the access to the parent page be granted. There are NO third-party advertisements in Kidlo Apps and any app-related third-party links such as social media pages, support and website are only accessible behind the parental gate and child lock buttons.
Use and Disclosure of Your Information:
We may use your email address we collect from you when you register, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a feedback survey or use certain other site features in the following ways:
• To personalize your experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.
• To quickly process or restore your transactions across different devices.
•  To send periodic emails regarding your order or other apps and services. Marketing emails will only be sent to you if you have opted in to get the same.
The anonymous Non-Personal global data that we get for analytics purposes is visible only to our developer team and is strictly for internal analysis to make your app-experience better over time. We do not disclose any of your Personal Information that we may collect but we reserve the right to disclose any of your Personal Information if demanded by law or when disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to satisfy a legal procedure, a lawsuit or a judicial order.
CAN SPAM Act:
We collect your email address in order to:
• Send information, help you reset your password, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.
• Market to our mailing list (if you have opted in) or continue to send emails to our clients after the original transaction has occurred.
To be in accordance with CANSPAM, we agree to the following:
• Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters.
• Monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.
• Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.
• Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email.
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can email us at support@kidlo.com or follow the instructions at the bottom of each email and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence.
Changes to Privacy Policy:
We reserve the right to modify our Privacy Policy at any time simply by posting such modification on this site and without any other notification. Any such modification will be effective immediately upon posting on this site. 
				The use of the information we collect is always subject to the Privacy Policy that is in effect at the time when this information is collected. You are advised to refer to the Privacy Policy from time to time so that you are always in sync with our current privacy practices.
Contacting Us:
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.
IDZ Digital Private Limited
607, Western Edge II, Borivali East, Mumbai 400066, India
Email:
support@kidlo.com
This Privacy Policy was last modified on October 28, 2024.
CONTACT US
Feel free to email us on
support@kidlo.com
regarding your queries. You can also chat with us now.
Have any questions?
Chat with us NOW!
Kidlo.com
© 2025 IDZ Digital Private Limited. All Rights Reserved.
Designed by
Themefisher
Blog
Reviews
FAQ's
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms Of Service