myPill
®
by
Bouqt™
home
community
support
press
privacy
terms
contact
privacy
home
community
support
press
privacy
terms
contact
Original text
Rate this translation
Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate
​
▼
Privacy Policy
While using myPill®, information is sent, stored and processed by our servers. This policy describes what information is exchanged and what it is used for.
You have the right to be forgotten. In any time, you may contact us through the app (for identification purposes) and ask us to delete your data. Read more details below.
Information we collect
Device information.
We store device-specific information, such as your language, country, timezone, hardware model, device name and operating system version. This information is associated with a random identifier which is generated on the first time the app opens. This identifier serves just like a cookie, allowing us to recognize your device on further interactions with our servers.
Log information.
When you interact with one of our services, they automatically collect information which is written into server logs, this information includes interaction with forum content, IP address, search queries, device information, crash records and referral codes. Logs are stored only for 90 days, after which they are deleted. Logs with IP data are deleted after one week.
Hashed Email address. (only if you've signed in)
If you've chosen to sign in and create an account, we'll store a hashed version of your Email address, for identification. Hashed email's can't be reversed back into readable email address.
Data backup. (only if you've signed in)
If you've enabled the "backup" feature on the Settings page, your history records and settings will be backed up once a day.
Hashed Facebook ID. (only if you've signed in through Facebook)
If you choose to sign is using Facebook,
and
you did not allow Facebook to give us your email, we'll use your Facebook ID to instead, to identify your account. It will be hashed, similarly to how we store email addresses.
Your forum content.
If you sign in and participate in myPill community forum, your posts, comments, photo uploads, likes, dislikes, blocks, alerts and private chat messages will be stored on our forum database.
What we do with collected information
identify your account when communicating with our servers;
distinguish between backups made from different devices;
protect against malicious actions, maintain system integrity, or for enforcement purposes;
public forum content can be viewed on the app and on our website.
NO MARKETING, NO ADS, NO TARGETING. WE ONLY USE YOUR PRIVATE DATA TO KEEP THE APP RUNNING.
When contacting support, an analysis file will be attached to the email draft, containing your settings configuration, scheduled reminders, locale and usage information. This will only be used to help you with your technical issue. You may remove this attachment from the email before sending it.
Your personal information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
Right to be forgotten
If you wish, your personal data may be erased from our databases. To do so, contact our support through the app, it will attach an internal identifier that will allow us to find and delete all information attributed to your device or account.
Basically, forum posts and comments should not contain personal data as our forum is anonymous and does not permit submission of posts/comments with personally identifiable information. However, we've decided to include the deletion of forum content as well, as many users still fear having their intimate questions out there.
If you have an active subscription, we will retain minimal information required to track your subscription, which is your Email address, subscription status and list of signed in devices. Your data backups and your generated forum content will be deleted.
If your forum account was terminated due a violation of our Terms of Use (if you are a troll, for instance) we will retain the minimal data required to enforce the suspension of your account, which is your Email, list of devices used to access the forum and IP information. Posts and comments which were deleted by a moderator will be retained as well, to serve as an evidence, if needed. Other generated forum content and data backups will be deleted.
Right to data portability
You may export and download the history records logged on the app, to a machine readable CSV file. Do that from the Calendar tab, choose the action button (top left corner) and choose "Export data".
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information.
All information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) and TLS 1.2 technologies, sensitive data is encrypted or hashed on our databases.
Do we use cookies?
Only in our QR code responder. If you scan a QR code, our server will assign your browser a unique number, so that next time you scan this QR we'll know you've already been here before.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
No. We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information.
This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our apps, conducting our business, or servicing you, as long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our apps. These third party products have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Bouqt.com Ltd is the Data Collector and Data Processor of all personal information supplied by its app users.
REV 5 / 2022-06-26