Personal
Asset Management
Ways to Bank
Deposit Products
Loans
Wealth and Insurance
Life Rewards
Best Way to Pay
Financial Education
Business
Corporate
Corporate Account
Corporate Credit Cards
Sectorial Solution
Global Transaction Banking
QNB Trade Portal
Structured & Project Finance
Corporate E-Business
SME
SME Account
Apply for a company account
Credit Cards
Credit Facilities
Apply for Credit Facilities
Apply for a Credit Card
SME Packages
Merchant & E-Acquiring
Merchant Request & Incidents
NRGP Buy-out Program
Other
Wages Protection System
E-Business
Trade Portal
Download Center
Coupa Supplier Portal
Investor Relations
QNB at a Glance
Financial Information
Share Information
Debt Investors
Analyst Coverage
Financial Calendar
Corporate Governance
Sustainability
Economic Research
Contact Us
About QNB Group
ATM & Branches
News and Insights
العربية
China
Egypt
France
Hong Kong
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq - Mansour Bank
Jordan - HBTF Bank
KSA
Kuwait
Lebanon
Oman
Qatar
Singapore
South Sudan (Juba)
Sudan
Switzerland
Syria
Togo - Ecobank
Tunisia
Turkey
UAE - CBI
United Kingdom
Vietnam
Yemen
Qatar
Internet Banking
E-Business
Trade Portal
WPS Portal
Search (Enter at least 3 characters.)
Search
Please enter minimum 3 characters.
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
This section explains our policy regarding any personal information you might supply to us when you visit this site. Our goal is to protect your information on the Internet in the same way that we protect it in all the other ways we interact with you: in branches, at ATMs.
QNB Privacy & Security Policy
You can visit this site and find out about our products and services, read our Corporate reports, check on career opportunities, or get a news update and other value-added services without giving us any information about yourself.
If you do provide personal information, such as address, e-mail, telephone and fax numbers, as well as demographic and customer identification, we will not disclose (share, sell or divulge) it to third parties unless we have informed you, been authorized by you, or are required to do so by law. We will maintain this information, as well as your business activities and transactions, according to our usual strict security and confidentiality standards.
QNB Privacy & Security
Privacy Notice of QNB (Suisse) SA
Data Protection Supplementary Information
Phishing Fraud
Applicant Candidate Data Consent Notice
This field is required.
Send
Was this information helpful?
Yes
No
Terms and Condition
I acknowledge that all the following information is complete & correct according to the best of my knowledge & without any responsibility on the Bank.
Kindly open a temporary account in my name according to the following Terms, Conditions & Pledges:
This account is:
An individual temporary & personal account non-usable till my arrival to the State of Qatar & presenting the needed documents to open an account according to the Bank's conditions & the regulations of Qatar Central Bank.
This account is for personal use only & not meant for any commercial purpose
The maximum amount that could transferred to this account is QR 50,000 (Fifty thousand Qatari Riyals) or the equivalent in other currencies
In case of a late arrival surpassing 30 days to the declared date of entering the State of Qatar & presenting the requested documents as well as signing the Account Opening Forms, the Bank has the right to close the account without notice & return the funds to the source account without any commissions & at the current currency value at the Bank at the time of return on condition that the source account is still open
Once all requirements are met, the account will be opened as a current one & all banking operations will be permissible, in addition to enjoying all regular banking services & credit offered by the Bank to its customers.
The Bank is not responsible for any leakage of information belonging to the customer due to the hacking of his computer while communicating with the Bank.
The Bank reserves the right to accept or reject the opening of the account without any reasons.
These Terms & Conditions are subject to change in accordance to the Bank's policy & as published on its electronic website.
The documents that must be provided with this electronic form are:
A copy of a valid passport
A copy of the job offer
A copy of the Visa to Qatar
Eligibility and Terms and Conditions for scholarship applications
You are eligible to apply for a scholarship if you meet the criteria and conditions listed below:
The applicant must be a Qatari citizen.
The applicant must hold a secondary school certificate with a percentage of not less than 70%, and in case the applicant is still studying and registered at university his/her cumulative average GPA score should be at least 3.0
The field of study should be according to the needs of the Bank and the approval granted.
The scholarship program stipulates to passing induction tests conducted by the desired University / College.
A student should abide by the specified time limit for graduation and must excel in the approved major.
A student may not change specialization without prior permission from the Bank (Coordinator of Student Affairs Department, QNB Human Resources dept.)
The student must adhere to the regulations and the specific procedures prescribed by the curriculum of the university and the Bank as mentioned in the scholarship contract.
The student must work for the bank for one years for every year of study immediately after graduation. If he/she does not graduate within the period agreed upon, or does not complete the study, or does not work at the bank after graduation, the student pledges to pay the fees determined by the scholarship contract and the internal regulations of the bank.
The student must be committed to studying and to the working hours as per the scholarship contract and the regulations of the university and the Bank while maintaining the appropriate performance required of the student in the scholarship contract.
No absence is permitted during studies or exams except with an official leave of absence that is accepted by the University citing legitimate reasons.
Health insurance
In case of acceptance for a scholarship, the applicant will be subject to the following initial conditions (details and conditions will be added in the final contract):
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms.    You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site.    All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages.    If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites.    They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Confirm My Choices
Back Button
Back
Performance Cookies
Vendor Search
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear Filters
Information storage and access
Apply
Consent
Leg.Interest
All Consent Allowed
Select All Vendors
Select All Vendors
All Consent Allowed
Confirm My Choices
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Cookie Policy
Cookies Settings
Accept All Cookies
Page Route
This link may allow you to access a non- website. QNB has no control over the linked website and is not liable for the use of it.
Do you wish to proceed to
/sites/qnb/qnbglobal/document/en/enPrivacySecurity
?
Page Route
This link may allow you to access a non- website. QNB has no control over the linked website and is not liable for the use of it.
Do you wish to proceed to
/sites/qnb/qnbglobal/document/en/enPrivacyNotice
?
Page Route
This link may allow you to access a non- website. QNB has no control over the linked website and is not liable for the use of it.
Do you wish to proceed to
/sites/qnb/qnbglobal/document/en/enDataProtection
?
Page Route
This link may allow you to access a non- website. QNB has no control over the linked website and is not liable for the use of it.
Do you wish to proceed to
https://www.qnb.com/sites/qnb/qnbunitedkingdom/page/en/enprivacyuk.html
?
Page Route
This link may allow you to access a non- website. QNB has no control over the linked website and is not liable for the use of it.
Do you wish to proceed to
https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-consent/
?
Page Route
This link may allow you to access a non- website. QNB has no control over the linked website and is not liable for the use of it.
Do you wish to proceed to
https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-consent/
?