Privacy policy
Introduction
When you use our app, you're entrusting us with your information, and we understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy aims to provide you information on how
Capital Cars
collects, uses, and protects your personal data throughout all your engagements with us, on our app, and when using our services, including any data you may provide when you sign up or request to use other third-party services we use.
Important information
The data we collect about you
Identifiable data
including your first name, last name, phone number, username, or similar identifier, Google or social media accounts and profile photo.
Contact data
including your email address, billing address, and telephone number.
Financial data
including your credit card details.
Transaction data
including details about payments and transactions to and from you and our third-party payment providers. Includes card details and other electronic payment details, and other payment-related data as permitted by the payment networks and our third-party payment providers.
Technical data
including your internet protocol (IP) address, your login data, device type, language and version, time zone setting and location, location, operating system, and other technology on the device you use to access this app and our services. We use technologies like unique device identifiers to identify your device so we can deliver a better experience.
Usage data
including information about how you navigate and use our app and services. Our systems may associate this personal information with your activities in the course of providing service to you (such as pages you view or things you click on or search for).
We do not collect any
Special Categories of Personal Data
about you. This includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data.
We do not knowingly contact or collect personal information from children under 13. If you believe we have inadvertently collected such information, please contact us so we can remove the information.
How we get the personal Information and why we have it.
Most of the personal information we have process is provided to us directly by you for one of the following reasons:
To register you as a passenger and user of our app
To be able to identify you so that we associate a device(s) with a particular passenger and identify the operating system of the device(s) through which you use the app
To deliver our services to you including determining the price of a journey, matching available drivers to passengers, the tracking and sharing of rides and enabling communication between you and your drivers
To send communications to you through this app in relation to journeys and the services provided to passengers and end users
To customize our service for you, we may collect and store your precise geographic location as part of your user profile. This helps us provide Specific address results based on your current location. This data generally is not shared with others.
To comply with our legal obligations.
We may share this information with:
Autocab, a Software as a Service company who facilitate the usage of our app and act as our data processor;
Other third party service providers who provide services to us which require the processing of personal data;
Where there is a legal obligation to share data
We will only process information relating to you if there is a lawful basis, and it is necessary to do so. We may use one of the following lawful bases:
Where we rely on your consent to process your personal data, this will be obtained via clear and unambiguous affirmative action. You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time
In order to perform a contract, we are about to enter into or have entered into with you
Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.
Where it is necessary to protect someone’s life, we may base processing on vital interests
Where we need to comply with the law, we may process data based on our legal obligations
Your data protection rights
Your right of access
- You have the right to ask us for copies of your personal information.
Your right to rectification
- You have the right to ask us to rectify personal information you think is inaccurate. You also have the right to ask us to complete information you think is incomplete.
Your right to erasure
- You have the right to ask us to erase your personal information in certain circumstances. Please note, the right to erasure is not an absolute right and we may be required to retain some information under our legal obligations.
Your right to restriction of processing
- You have the right to ask us to restrict the processing of your personal information in certain circumstances.
Your right to object to processing
- You have the right to object to the processing of your personal information in certain circumstances.
Your right to data portability
- You have the right to ask that we transfer the personal information you gave us to another organisation, or to you, in certain circumstances.
You are not required to pay any charge for exercising your rights. If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you.
Email
: bookings@capitalcarsscotland.co.uk
Telephone
: 01317777777
Our phone number can also be found on the main page of the application.
Address
: Capital Cars,Edinburgh
Website
: http://www.capitalcarsscotland.co.uk/
This privacy notice is not exhaustive. We are happy to provide any additional information or explanation needed. If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policies, please contact us.
How we store your personal information
Information we collect may be stored or processed on computers located in any country where we do business.
We take reasonable steps to protect and secure your personally identifiable information against unauthorized access or disclosure. We encrypt the transmission of data on pages where you provide payment information. However, no security or encryption method can be guaranteed to protect information from hackers or human error.
if data is transferred to a third country, we will ensure that any transfer is in accordance with Data Protection legislation.
We keep personal data until you delete it. We remove personally identifiable information (such as your name, address, email or phone number) and other preferences associated with your account after you delete your account. We may retain other data indefinitely.
Third-party services
Where we offer the facility to pay for services through the application we utilise the following providers as a gateway:
Opayo
Opayo are PCI Level 1 compliant, and their own security policy can be viewed at the following URL: https://www.opayo.co.uk/policies/security-policy
Special situations may require disclosure of your data.
To operate the service, we also may make identifiable and anonymous information available to third parties in these limited circumstances: (1) with your express consent, (2) when we have a good faith belief it is required by law, (3) when we have a good faith belief it is necessary to protect our rights or property, or (4) to any successor or purchaser in a merger, acquisition, liquidation, dissolution or sale of assets. Your consent will not be required for disclosure in these cases, but we will attempt to notify you, to the extent permitted by law to do so.  You can review more privacy-related information.
JudoPay
JudoPay is fully PCI DSS 3.2.1 compliant, and their own security policy can be viewed at the following URL: https://www.judopay.com/certificates/certificates
Special situations may require disclosure of your data.
To operate the service, we also may make identifiable and anonymous information available to third parties in these limited circumstances: (1) with your express consent, (2) when we have a good faith belief it is required by law, (3) when we have a good faith belief it is necessary to protect our rights or property, or (4) to any successor or purchaser in a merger, acquisition, liquidation, dissolution or sale of assets. Your consent will not be required for disclosure in these cases, but we will attempt to notify you, to the extent permitted by law to do so.  You can review more privacy-related information.
PayPal
PayPal is fully PCI DSS 3.2.1 compliant, and their own security policy can be viewed at the following URL:
PayPal Security for Buyers and Sellers
Special situations may require disclosure of your data.
To operate the service, we also may make identifiable and anonymous information available to third parties in these limited circumstances: (1) with your express consent, (2) when we have a good faith belief it is required by law, (3) when we have a good faith belief it is necessary to protect our rights or property, or (4) to any successor or purchaser in a merger, acquisition, liquidation, dissolution or sale of assets. Your consent will not be required for disclosure in these cases, but we will attempt to notify you, to the extent permitted by law to do so.
You can review more privacy-related information.
Stripe
Stripe are PCI Level 1 compliant and their own privacy policy can be viewed at the following URL:
https://stripe.com/gb/privacy
Special situations may require disclosure of your data.
To operate the service, we also may make identifiable and anonymous information available to third parties in these limited circumstances: (1) with your express consent, (2) when we have a good faith belief it is required by law, (3) when we have a good faith belief it is necessary to protect our rights or property, or (4) to any successor or purchaser in a merger, acquisition, liquidation, dissolution or sale of assets. Your consent will not be required for disclosure in these cases, but we will attempt to notify you, to the extent permitted by law to do so.
You can review more privacy-related information.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to update this Privacy Policy at any time, and, where appropriate, we will notify you when we make any substantial updates. We may also notify you in other ways from time to time about the processing of your personal information. If the change materially affects registered users, we will send a notice to you by email, push notification or text. Please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us.
How to complain
At Capital Cars we would, however, appreciate the chance to understand and address your concerns before you approach the competent supervisory authority so please contact our Data Privacy Manager in the first instance.
However, you can also complain to the ICO if you are unhappy with how we have used your data.
The ICO’s address:
Information Commissioner’s Office:
Wycliffe House
Water Lane
Wilmslow
Cheshire
SK9 5AF
Helpline number:
0303 123 1113
ICO website:
https://www.ico.org.uk