Back to home
Help Center
Legal & Privacy
Privacy Policy
What's New with magicplan?
New Features
Getting Started with magicplan
Intro to magicplan
Getting Started
Create a Project
Create a Floor Plan
Assemble & Edit a Floor Plan
Add Objects & Custom Objects
Creating a Report
Add Photos & Notes
Forms & Fields
Export & Share Projects
Export Your Projects
Customize Exports
Share Your Projects
360 Walkthroughs
3D Rendering Options
Collaborate on Projects
Workspaces & Teams
Collaborate
Industry Resources
Restoration
Account & Billing
Account
Billing
Pricing
FAQs
Account FAQs
App FAQs
Cloud FAQs
Subscription FAQs
Workspaces & Teams FAQs
Other Questions
API & Integrations
Integrations
Legal & Privacy
Information Security
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Payment Terms magicplan PRO Plans
Privacy Policy for the App magicplan
This data protection notice informs you about the processing of your personal data in connection with the mobile application magicplan.
Summary
The privacy policy of the magicplan app provides information on how technical communication data, such as device information and IP addresses, are processed. This processing is based on the performance of a contract. To use the app’s functions, users need to create a personal account and provide either an email address and password, or use their organization’s Identity Provider system through SAML to authenticate. The app offers products for purchase, and personal data entered for electronic payments is handled by the respective purchasing platform: App Store, Google Play Store, or Stripe.
The app provides explanations of permissions, such as location, network communication, and camera access, along with the legal bases for these permissions, such as consent or contract performance. The policy also covers statistics analysis using services like Google Firebase, ensuring anonymized data processing. Data security, the use of external service providers, retention periods, and user rights, including the right to object, information, rectification, deletion, limitation, and data portability, are outlined. The information provided is current as of September 2024.
Table of Contents
Responsible data controller
What qualifies as personal data?
What data do we use for what purposes?
3.1 Technical communication data
3.2 Tracking
Registration
Processing of orders
App permissions
6.1 Your location
6.2 Maps functionality
6.3 Network Communication (full internet access)
6.4 Camera
Statistics
7.1 Google Firebase
7.2 Typeform
Data Security
External Service Providers
9.1 HubSpot
Retention Periods
Your Rights
Legal Documentation Below
1. Responsible data controller
The responsible data controller for the “magicplan” app is Technologies Sensopia Inc., 465 Rue St Jean, Suite #1003, Montréal, Québec, H2Y 2R6, Canada („Sensopia“). Sensopia and its affiliated company, enapt GmbH, Goethestraße 25A, 80336 München, Germany („enapt“) are partly jointly responsible. In this respect, the companies have defined in an agreement which of them fulfills which data protection obligation. The essential content of this agreement is available to you from Sensopia or enapt on request.
If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact enapt's Data Protection Officer:
PROLIANCE GmbH /
datenschutzexperte.de
Leopoldstr. 21
80802 München
Germany
Email:
datenschutzbeauftragter@datenschutzexperte.de
2. What qualifies as personal data?
Personal data means information relating to an identifiable natural person, such as your name, e-mail address, telephone number, postal address, or the IP address of your computer.
3. What data do we use for what purposes?
In the following, we explain which personal data we process. As far as such data is processed or stored, this occurs on your smartphone and /or in an IT environment.
Unless it is explicitly stated otherwise in the following sections the legal basis for this processing of data is Art. 6 (1) b) GDPR (performance of a contract).
3.1 Technical communication data
We collect and use personal data which your smartphone automatically transmits to us and which is used for communication with your smartphone. These are in particular
the name of the device
the operating system and app version
the mobile phone provider
different identification numbers to be able to uniquely assign the device to you
the time of occurrence of app disturbances for troubleshooting, and
the IP address assigned to you.
3.2 Tracking
To display personalized content, we use service providers to track the usage of the app. Please find below in this document all service providers we use for personalization purposes.
4. Registration
To be able to use the functions of this app, you must set up a personal user account (hereinafter “Account”). You can store your personal information (e.g. floor plans) in the account.
To set up a personal account, users must enter their email address and a freely selectable password, which at the same time serve as an access code for the account. With the same access data, the user can also log on to the magicplan cloud, which is part of the app, at
https://cloud.magicplan.app/login.
After successful registration, the user automatically receives confirmation by e-mail. In this way, the user concludes the contract for the provision of the account with us. In addition, users can store their personal contact details in their accounts and update them at any time.
Unless you “log off” by clicking, so-called persistent cookies are stored on your terminal device, which serves to ensure that the user does not have to log on again during subsequent visits to the app.
The legal basis for the associated processing of your data and the display of corresponding information in the App is Art. 6 (1) b) GDPR (performance of contract) or Art. 6 (1) f) GDPR (balancing of interests, based on our legitimate interest in providing users with a simple and customer-friendly user experience).
The user can terminate his / her contract for the provision of the account at any time and without giving any reasons. The easiest way to do this is by accessing your user account in the app or by sending an informal email to
support@magicplan.app.
5. Processing of orders
We also offer you the opportunity to purchase products in our app (e.g. floor plans, standard or business subscriptions). Sensopia does not process any personal data in connection with the purchase of these products. The data you enter for electronic payment processing will only be collected by the relevant App store.
For more information on the processing of data in the App Stores, please refer to their privacy statements:
Apple App Store:
https://www.apple.com/de/privacy
Google Play Store:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
The legal basis for the associated processing of your data is the fulfillment of the contract with your App Store, Art. 6 (1) b) GDPR (performance of contract).
6. App permissions
In order to provide you with the functionalities of the app, the app must be able to access various functions and data on your mobile device.
For this purpose, it is technically absolutely necessary that you grant the app the following access permissions for the purposes described in each case. Otherwise, the app is not fully usable for technical reasons. The reason for this is that the permission settings in smartphone operating systems are usually programmed in such a way that some authorizations can only be granted or requested together and not in the form of individual partial authorizations. Therefore, Sensopia is dependent in such cases on requesting the entire authorization from customers, even if only part of it is required and used specifically.
In the following, we will inform you about the permissions required by this app, whereby we will only use these to the extent required in each case, even if an authorization technically includes more.
The legal basis for the associated processing of your data is Art. 6 (1) b) GDPR (performance of contract) respectively Art. 6 (1) a) GDPR (your consent).
6.1 Your location
Your consent to the collection of your current location is required for location-based services. If you give your consent, your device may use your GPS data, WLAN identifiers and/or Bluetooth to determine your location, depending on what you have activated.
In any case, the app only collects your location only if you have previously agreed to this in the corresponding device settings. For Android versions, consent is given after confirmation when downloading the app or in the device settings. For Windows Mobile and iPhone versions, consent is given in a dialog box when the app is first opened as well as in the device settings.
Right of withdrawal:
You are entitled to revoke your consent at any time for the future. Such revocation may be effected in the settings of the app under “Preferences -> Send data to improve magicplan”.
The legal basis for location processing is Art. 6 (1) a) GDPR (your consent).
6.2 Maps functionality
Our app allows you to display your location on a map, provided you have consented to the collection of your location.
The app on the Android operating system uses the Google Maps service of Google Inc. (1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA), which receives your IP address to display the map. The legal basis for this is Art. 6 (1) f) GDPR (balancing of interests, based on our interest in offering you the most attractive app possible).
The relevant privacy policy of this third-party provider can be found at
https://www.google.com/intl/de_en/policies/privacy/.
At
https://www.google.com/intl/de_en/policies/technologies/product-privacy/
you can adjust privacy settings as desired.
The app on the iOS operating system uses a map service from Apple Inc. (1 Infinite Loop, Cupertino, CA 95014, USA). Apple will only receive your IP address after your consent by using the map service. The legal basis for this is also Art. 6 (1) f) GDPR (balancing of interests, based on our interest in offering you the most attractive app possible).
The privacy settings for this can be adjusted in the device settings of your end device.
6.3 Network Communication (full internet access)
This permission is needed to enable the app to establish a connection to us via the Internet and to communicate with us regarding the services you require.
The legal basis for the data processing associated herewith is Art. 6 (1) b) GDPR (performance of a contract).
6.4 Camera
Your consent to access your system-side camera is required so that you can digitize a room while using our app.
Right of withdrawal:
You are entitled to revoke your consent at any time for the future. Such revocation may be effected in the settings of the app under “Preferences -> Send data to improve magicplan”.
The legal basis for access to your system camera is Art. 6 (1) a) GDPR (your consent).
7. Statistics
7.1 Google Firebase
We use Google Firebase (Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA, “Google”) to analyze overall usage, categorize user groups, and optimize our products. In some cases, the content of our app is also adapted to the measurement results. Google Firebase processes your data anonymously and in larger quantities together with data from other users – so that your individual data and measurements can no longer be assigned to you.
Google Firebase uses servers located in the EU for these services wherever possible. However, it cannot be ruled out that data may also be transferred to the USA. Google has joined the EU-US Privacy Shield, a data protection agreement between the EU and the US. If you want to know more about Google Firebase and data protection, click here:
https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy/
You can stop the data transfer to Google by deactivating the built-in slider in the settings of the app under “Preferences -> Send data to improve magicplan”.
7.2 Typeform
We use Typeform (TYPEFORM SL, a Spanish corporation registered at C/ Can Rabia 3-5, 4th floor, 08017 - Barcelona, Spain, “Typeform”) to collect user-specific information on request to optimize presented content.
Typeform processes information on behalf of and under the instructions delivered from time to time by Sensopia.
https://www.typeform.com/dpa/
https://www.typeform.com/mea/
8. Data Security
As far as this app communicates with Sensopia, this is done in encrypted form. Please note, however, that personal data stored locally on your device may be misused by third parties, e.g. if your mobile phone is stolen. Therefore, we recommend that you carefully secure your device accordingly, e.g. with a code lock.
If the app is uninstalled, all personal data in the app will be deleted.
9. External Service Providers
For certain activities in connection with the “magicplan” app, we use external service providers for data processing (e.g. data center operators). To the extent, it is necessary these service providers also process personal data. Sensopia diligently selects and supervises its service providers. They process the data only per our instructions and are also bound by this privacy statement.
9.1 HubSpot
We use HubSpot (HubSpot Inc., 2 Canal Park, Cambridge, MA 02141, United States), a third-party customer relationship management (CRM) tool, to manage customer interactions and store contact information. HubSpot processes data on our behalf and is fully compliant with GDPR regulations. This includes the secure storage, processing, and management of personal data. HubSpot is certified under the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework. For more information on how HubSpot handles data, please refer to their
Privacy Policy
.
10. Retention Periods
We store personal data only as long as it is necessary for the purposes described herein, or as long as it is necessary to comply with statutory storage periods.
Automatically collected technical communication data and tracking information within the meaning of sections 3.1 and 3.2 will be deleted or anonymized after a period of 3 years at the latest.
11. Your rights
You have the following rights about the personal data concerning you:
Insofar as the legal basis for the processing of data is Art. 6 (1) f) GDPR (the processing of data serves our legitimate interests), you have the right to object to the processing of data at any time. To do so, you may send us an email to
support@magicplan.app.
You furthermore have the following rights about the personal data concerning you:
right of information,
right of rectification or deletion,
right to limitation of processing,
right to data portability.
You also have the right to complain to a data protection supervisory authority about our processing of your personal data.
Last Updated: September 2024
Was this article helpful?
Yes
No
Related articles
Scan a Room With the Camera of Your Mobile Device (iOS)
Social Media Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Import and Digitalize an Existing Floor Plan
magicplan Privacy Policies