Home
/
Privacy Policy
Central Radio Taxi’s Privacy Policy
Introduction & General Terms
Central Taxis is committed to protecting your and your family’s personal information when you are using our services. This Privacy Policy relates to our use of any personal information you provide to us via phone or text, by email, in letters or correspondence.
It also relates to our use of any personal information you provide to us online or mobile.
In order to provide you with the full range of Central Taxis services, we sometimes need to collect information about you.
Central Taxis is committed to safeguarding your personal information. Whenever you provide such information, we are legally obliged to use your information in line with all laws concerning the protection of personal information, including the Data Protection Act 1998 and the General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR) (these laws are referred to collectively in this Privacy Policy as the “data protection laws”).
Central Taxis websites contain hyperlinks to websites owned and operated by third parties. These third party websites have their own privacy policies, and are also likely to use cookies, and we therefore urge you to review them. They will govern the use of personal information you submit, which may also be collected by cookies whilst visiting these websites. We do not accept any responsibility or liability for the privacy practices of such third party websites and your use of such websites is at your own risk.
What information will Central Taxis collect about me?
When you participate in, access or sign up to any of Central Taxis services or make an online booking we may receive personal information about you. This can consist of information such as your name, email address, postal address and telephone or mobile number.
By submitting your details, you enable Central Taxis to provide you with the services you select.
Central Taxis also uses cookies and collects IP addresses (an IP address is a number that can uniquely identify a specific computer or other network device on the internet) from visitors to Central Taxis websites.
We do record telephone calls and retain voice records for security purposes and such voice data is securely retained and not used for any third party activity.
What is the legal basis that permits us to use your personal data?
Under data protection laws we are only permitted to use your personal data if we have a legal basis for doing so as set out in the data protection laws. We rely on the following legal bases to use your personal data:
Where we need your personal data to perform the contract we have entered into with you.
Where we need to comply with a legal obligation.
Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.
In more limited circumstances we may also rely on the following legal bases:
Where we need to protect your interests (or someone else’s interests).
Where it is needed in the public interest or for official purposes.
How will Central Taxis use the information it collects about me?
Central Taxis will use your personal information for a number of purposes including the following:
to provide our services and to deal with your requests and enquiries;
for “service administration purposes”, which means that Central Taxis may contact you for reasons related to the service (e.g. to provide you with password reminders or to notify you that a particular service has been suspended for maintenance);
to provide you with information about our services;
to use IP addresses to identify the location of users, to block disruptive use, to establish the number of visits from different countries and to determine whether you are accessing the services from the UK or not;
to analyse and improve the services offered on Central Taxis websites;
to provide you with the most user-friendly navigation experience. Central Taxis may also use and disclose information in aggregate (so that no individuals are identified) for marketing and strategic development purposes.
Where Central Taxis proposes using your personal information for any other uses we will ensure that we notify you first. You will also be given the opportunity to withhold or withdraw your consent for the use of your personal information for purposes other than those listed above.
When will Central Taxis contact me?
Central Taxis may contact you:
in relation to any service, activity or online content you have signed up for in order to ensure that Central Taxis can deliver the services to you;
in relation to any correspondence we receive from you or any comment or complaint you make about Central Taxis services;
in relation to any contribution you have submitted to Central Taxis, e.g. via text or voicemail message;
to invite you to participate in surveys about Central Taxis services (participation is always voluntary); and
for marketing purposes, where you have agreed to this (see section 6 below) Local pages will give you detailed information about how Central Taxis will contact you in relation to specific services.
Will I be contacted for marketing purposes?
Central Taxis will only use your information for marketing purposes, or to promote new services or activities where you have agreed to this.
Will Central Taxis share my personal information with anyone else?
We will keep your information confidential except where disclosure is required or permitted by law (for example to government bodies and law enforcement agencies) or as described in section 8 below. Generally, we will only use your information within Central Taxis. However, sometimes Central Taxis uses third parties to process your information on our behalf. Central Taxis requires these third parties to comply strictly with its instructions and Central Taxis requires that they do not use your personal information for their own business purposes, unless you have explicitly consented to the use of your personal information in this way.
Offensive or inappropriate content to Central Taxis
If you post or send offensive, inappropriate or objectionable content to Central Taxis or otherwise engage in any disruptive behaviour on any Central Taxis service, Central Taxis may use your personal information to stop such behaviour.
Where Central Taxis reasonably believes that you are or may be in breach of any applicable laws (e.g. because of content you email), we may use your personal information to inform relevant third parties such as your employer, school email/internet provider or law enforcement agencies about the content and your behaviour.
How long will Central Taxis keep my personal information?
As a general rule we keep your personal data for the duration of your contract with Central Taxis and for a maximum period of 7 years after the contract ends. However, where we have statutory obligations to keep personal data for a longer period or where we may need your personal data for a longer period in case of a legal claim, then the retention period may be longer.
Having reviewed our data storage requirements we consider that customer data may proportionately be held for a period of 7 years after a contract is concluded at which time it will be deleted unless the customer specifically requests it be retained.
Can I find out what personal information Central Taxis holds about me?
Under the Data Protection Laws you have the right to request a copy of the personal information Central Taxis holds about you and to have any inaccuracies corrected. We will use reasonable efforts to supply, correct or delete personal information about you on our files.
Please address requests and questions about this or any other question about this Privacy Policy to the Data Protection Officer.
11.
How do we keep your personal data secure?
All personal data is stored in servers on site. All computer equipment on site is fire wall protected with an additional router installed to provide secondary back up. All computers have Antivirus installed by default and are protected in real-time. A full scan is enforced every 2 weeks and Server capacity and User Activity is monitored continuously. All computers are monitored from a central server, with Antivirus logs checked every 2 weeks. No unauthorised devices are permitted and controls have been developed for the safe and secure disposal of Media. Central Taxis Ltd only uses approved suppliers. All servers are located in a security room to which limited access is allowed and the site is protected by CCTV both outside and inside the building. Full back up of all data is carried out securely on a daily basis.
We will ensure access to personal data is restricted to employees working within our group on a need to know basis.  Training will be provided to any employees working within the group who need access to your personal data to ensure it is secured at all times.
Use of cookies by Central Taxis
Cookies are small text files placed on your computer by websites you visit. They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as provide information to the owners of the website.
The table below explains what cookies we use and why:
Cookie
Name
Purpose
More information
Google Analytics
_utma _utmb _utmc _utmz
These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the website. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the website, where visitors have come from and the pages they have visited.
Click here for an overview of privacy at Google Session
Session Cookie
The session ID is a read-only value that uniquely identifies the current clients to the web server. This is used purely to maintain a connected state between you and the website.
site cookie acceptance
civicAllowCookies
This cookie is used to record if a user has accepted the use of cookies on Central Taxis website.
Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit
www.allaboutcookies.org
.
To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites, visit
http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
.
Your rights in relation to your personal data
You have a number of rights in relation to your personal data, these include the right to:
be informed about how we use your personal data;
obtain access to your personal data that we hold;
request that your personal data is corrected if you believe it is incorrect, incomplete or inaccurate;
request that we erase your personal data in the following circumstances:
if we are continuing to process personal data beyond the period when it is necessary to do so for the purpose for which it was originally collected;
if we are relying on consent as the legal basis for processing and you withdraw consent;
if we are relying on legitimate interest as the legal basis for processing and you object to this processing and there is no overriding compelling ground which enables us to continue with the processing;
if the personal data has been processed unlawfully (i.e. in breach of the requirements of the data protection legislation);
if it is necessary to delete the personal data to comply with a legal obligation
ask us to restrict our data processing activities where you consider that:
personal data is inaccurate;
our processing of your personal data is unlawful ;
where we no longer need the personal data but you require us to keep it to enable you to establish, exercise or defend a legal claim;
where you have raised an objection to our use of your personal data;
Request a copy of certain personal data that you have provided to us in a commonly used electronic format. This right relates to personal data that you have provided to us that we need in order to perform our agreement with you and personal data where we are relying on consent to process your personal data;
Object to our processing of your personal data where we are relying on legitimate interests or exercise of a public interest task to make the processing lawful. If you raise an objection we will carry out an assessment to determine whether we have an overriding legitimate ground which entitles us to continue to process your personal data;
Not be subject to automated decisions which produce legal effects or which could have a similarly significant effect on you.
Changes to Central Taxi’s Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time so you may wish to check it each time you submit personal information to Central Taxis. The date of the most recent revisions will appear on this page.
If you have any complaints about the way we use your personal data please contact the Data Protection Officer who will try to resolve the issue. If we cannot resolve your complaint, you have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner
Scottish Taxi Federation
City of Edinburgh Transport Forum
Federation of Small Businesses
Carbon Neutral Organisation
ISO 9001
ISO 14001
© 2025 Central Taxis Edinburgh.
Home
About
Back
Our Drivers
Our Vehicles
The Environment
Our Charity
Services
Back
Corporate Accounts
Personal Accounts
Airport Taxis
Weddings & Events
Disabled Passengers
Taxicard Service
Guided Tours
Taxi Advertising
Bookings
Visit Edinburgh
News
Contact
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.
Ok
Read more