Terms of Use
Terms of Service:
The following terms and conditions govern all use of the Weddar Mobile Application and all content, services and products available at or through the Mobile Application and Website. The Mobile Application is owned and operated by 96 Til Infinity, Lda. The Mobile Application is offered subject to your acceptance without modification of all of the terms and conditions contained herein and all other operating rules, policies (including, without limitation, Weddar’s Privacy Policy) and procedures that may be published from time to time on this Site by 96 Til Infinity, Lda. (collectively, the “Agreement”).
Please read this Agreement carefully before accessing or using the Mobile Application. By accessing or using any part of the Mobile Application, you agree to become bound by the terms and conditions of this agreement. If you do not agree to all the terms and conditions of this agreement, then you may not access the Mobile Application or use any services. If these terms and conditions are considered an offer by 96 Til Infinity, Lda., acceptance is expressly limited to these terms. The Mobile Application is available only to individuals who are at least 13 years old.
Your Weddar Account.
If you create an account on the Weddar Mobile Application, you are responsible for maintaining the security of your account, and you are fully responsible for all activities that occur under the account and any other actions taken in connection with the Mobile Application. You must immediately notify 96 Til Infinity, Lda./Weddar of any unauthorized uses of your account or any other breaches of security. 96 Til Infinity, Lda./Weddar will not be liable for any acts or omissions by You, including any damages of any kind incurred as a result of such acts or omissions.
Responsibility of Contributors.
If you contribute to the Mobile Application (any such material, “Content”), You are entirely responsible for the content of, and any harm resulting from, that Content.
By submitting Content to 96 Til Infinity, Lda. for inclusion on the Mobile Application, you grant 96 Til Infinity, Lda. a world-wide, royalty-free, and non-exclusive license to reproduce, modify, adapt and publish the Content solely for the purpose of displaying, distributing and promoting the Mobile Application. If you delete Content, 96 Til Infinity, Lda. will use reasonable efforts to remove it from the Mobile Application, but you acknowledge that caching or references to the Content may not be made immediately unavailable.
Without limiting any of those representations or warranties, 96 Til Infinity, Lda. have the right (though not the obligation) to, in 96 Til Infinity, Lda.’s sole discretion (i) refuse or remove any content that, in 96 Til Infinity, Lda.’s reasonable opinion, violates any 96 Til Infinity, Lda. policy or is in any way harmful or objectionable, or (ii) terminate or deny access to and use of the Mobile Application to any individual or entity for any reason, in 96 Til Infinity, Lda.’s sole discretion. 96 Til Infinity, Lda.will have no obligation to provide a refund of any amounts previously paid.
Responsibility of Mobile Application and website Visitors.
96 Til Infinity, Lda. has not reviewed, and cannot review, all of the material posted to the Mobile Application, and cannot therefore be responsible for that material’s content, use or effects. By operating the Mobile Application, 96 Til Infinity, Lda. does not represent or imply that it endorses the material there posted (?), or that it believes such material to be accurate, useful or non-harmful. You are responsible for taking precautions as necessary to protect yourself and your computer systems from viruses, worms, Trojan horses, and other harmful or destructive content. The Mobile Application may contain content that is offensive, indecent, or otherwise objectionable, as well as content containing technical inaccuracies, typographical mistakes, and other errors. The Mobile Application may also contain material that violates the privacy or publicity rights, or infringes the intellectual property and other proprietary rights, of third parties, or the downloading, copying or use of which is subject to additional terms and conditions, stated or unstated. 96 Til Infinity, Lda. disclaims any responsibility for any harm resulting from the use by visitors of the Mobile Application, or from any downloading by those visitors of content there posted.
Content Posted on Other Mobile Applications.
We have not reviewed, and cannot review, all of the material made available through the Mobile Applications and webpages to which Weddar links, and that link to Weddar. 96 Til Infinity, Lda. does not have any control over those non-Weddar Mobile Applications and webpages, and is not responsible for their contents or their use. By linking to a non-WordPress Mobile Application or webpage, 96 Til Infinity, Lda. does not represent or imply that it endorses such Mobile Application or webpage. You are responsible for taking precautions as necessary to protect yourself and your computer systems from viruses, worms, Trojan horses, and other harmful or destructive content. 96 Til Infinity, Lda. disclaims any responsibility for any harm resulting from your use of non-Weddar Mobile Applications and webpages.
Copyright Infringement and DMCA Policy.
As 96 Til Infinity, Lda. asks others to respect their intellectual property rights, it respects the intellectual property rights of others. If you believe that material located on or linked to by Weddar violates your copyright, you are encouraged to notify 96 Til Infinity, Lda. in accordance with 96 Til Infinity, Lda.’s Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”) Policy. 96 Til Infinity, Lda. will respond to all such notices, including as required or Mobile Application appropriate by removing the infringing material or disabling all links to the infringing material. 96 Til Infinity, Lda. will terminate a visitor’s access to and use of the Mobile Application if, under Mobile Application appropriate circumstances, the visitor is determined to be a repeat infringer of the copyrights or other intellectual property rights of 96 Til Infinity, Lda. or others. In the case of such termination, 96 Til Infinity, Lda. will have no obligation to provide a refund of any amounts previously paid to 96 Til Infinity, Lda..
Intellectual Property.
This Agreement does not transfer from 96 Til Infinity, Lda. to you any 96 Til Infinity, Lda. or third party intellectual property, and all right, title and interest in and to such property will remain (as between the parties) solely with 96 Til Infinity, Lda.. 96 Til Infinity, Lda., Weddar, the Weddar logo, and all other trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used in connection with Weddar, or the Mobile Application are trademarks or registered trademarks of 96 Til Infinity, Lda. or 96 Til Infinity, Lda.’s licensors. Other trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used in connection with the Mobile Application may be the trademarks of other third parties. Your use of the Mobile Application grants you no right or license to reproduce or otherwise use any 96 Til Infinity, Lda. or third-party trademarks.
Changes.
96 Til Infinity, Lda. reserves the right, at their sole discretion, to modify or replace any part of this Agreement. It is your responsibility to check this Agreement periodically for changes. Your continued use of or access to the Mobile Application following the posting of any changes to this Agreement constitutes acceptance of those changes. 96 Til Infinity, Lda. may also, in the future, offer new services and/or features through the Mobile Application (including, the release of new tools and resources). Such new features and/or services shall be subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
Termination.
96 Til Infinity, Lda. may terminate your access to all or any part of the Mobile Application at any time, with or without cause, with or without notice, effective immediately. If you wish to terminate this Agreement or your Weddar account (if you have one), you may simply discontinue using the Mobile Application. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if you have a Weddar Pro account, such account can only be terminated by 96 Til Infinity, Lda. if you materially breach this Agreement and fail to cure such breach within thirty (30) days from 96 Til Infinity, Lda.’s notice to you thereof; provided that, 96 Til Infinity, Lda. can terminate the account immediately as part of a general shut down of our service. All provisions of this Agreement which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.
Disclaimer of Warranties.
The Mobile Application is provided “as is”. 96 Til Infinity, Lda. and their suppliers and licensors hereby disclaim all warranties of any kind, express or implied, including, without limitation, the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. Neither 96 Til Infinity, Lda. nor their suppliers and licensors, makes any warranty that the Mobile Application will be error free or that access thereto will be continuous or uninterrupted. If you’re actually reading this, here’s a treat. You understand that you download from, or otherwise obtain content or services through, the Mobile Application at your own discretion and risk.
Limitation of Liability.
In no event will 96 Til Infinity, Lda., or their suppliers or licensors, be liable with respect to any subject matter of this agreement under any contract, negligence, strict liability or other legal or equitable theory for: (i) any special, incidental or consequential damages; (ii) the cost of procurement or substitute products or services; (iii) for interruption of use or loss or corruption of data; or (iv) for any amounts that exceed the fees paid by you to 96 Til Infinity, Lda. under this agreement during the twelve (12) month period prior to the cause of action. 96 Til Infinity, Lda. shall have no liability for any failure or delay due to matters beyond their reasonable control. The foregoing shall not apply to the extent prohibited by applicable law.
General Representation and Warranty.
You represent and warrant that (i) your use of the Mobile Application will be in strict accordance with the 96 Til Infinity, Lda. Privacy Policy, with this Agreement and with all Mobile Application applicable laws and regulations (including without limitation any local laws or regulations in your country, state, city, or other governmental area, regarding online conduct and acceptable content, and including all Mobile Application applicable laws regarding the transmission of technical data exported from the United States or the country in which you reside) and (ii) your use of the Mobile Application will not infringe or misappropriate the intellectual property rights of any third party.
Indemnification.
You agree to indemnify and hold harmless 96 Til Infinity, Lda., their contractors, and their licensors, and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents from and against any and all claims and expenses, including attorneys’ fees, arising out of your use of the Mobile Application, including but not limited to your violation of this Agreement.
Miscellaneous.
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between 96 Til Infinity, Lda. and you concerning the subject matter hereof, and they may only be modified by a written amendment signed by an authorized executive of 96 Til Infinity, Lda., or by the posting by 96 Til Infinity, Lda. of a revised version. Except to the extent applicable law, if any, provides otherwise, this Agreement, any access to or use of the Mobile Application will be governed by the laws of the Republic of Portugal, excluding its conflict of law provisions, and the proper venue for any disputes arising out of or relating to any of the same will be the courts located in Portugal. Except for claims for injunctive or equitable relief or claims regarding intellectual property rights (which may be brought in any competent court without the posting of a bond), any dispute arising under this Agreement shall be finally settled in accordance. The prevailing party in any action or proceeding to enforce this Agreement shall be entitled to costs and attorneys’ fees. If any part of this Agreement is held invalid or unenforceable, that part will be construed to reflect the parties’ original intent, and the remaining portions will remain in full force and effect. A waiver by either party of any term or condition of this Agreement or any breach thereof, in any one instance, will not waive such term or condition or any subsequent breach thereof. You may assign your rights under this Agreement to any party that consents to, and agrees to be bound by, its terms and conditions; 96 Til Infinity, Lda. may assign their rights under this Agreement without condition. This Agreement will be binding upon and will inure to the benefit of the parties, their successors and permitted assigns.
----------------
Privacy
Your privacy is critically important to us. We have a few fundamental principles:
We don’t ask you for personal information unless we truly need it.
We don’t share your personal information with anyone except to comply with the law, develop our products, or protect our rights.
We don’t store personal information on our servers unless required for the on-going operation of one of our services.
In our product, we aim to make it as simple as possible for you to control what’s visible to the public, seen by search engines, kept private, and permanently deleted.
Below is our privacy policy which incorporates these goals:
If you have questions about accessing or correcting your personal data please contact our support team (suport@weddar.com).
It is our policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our Websites.
Mobile Application Visitors and Accounts
Like most Mobile Application and Website operators, we collect non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Our purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how our visitors and users use the Mobile Application. From time to time, we may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of the Mobile Application.
We also collect potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users. We only disclose logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that we use and disclose personally-identifying information as described below.
Location
Your location is only shared with others when you decide to make a Report. Whenever you open the Weddar Mobile Application, the location information from your phone in order to show you where you are in the map. This information will not be shared with others, unless you make a Report. At the time being, you cannot delete a report you’ve made. If you really want to do it, please contact us at support@weddar.com.
Twitter and Facebook
Weddar lets you share your activity (Reports) on Twitter and/or Facebook, information which will be viewable publicly on those social networks (and may be discoverable by search engines). By default, you will not share Reports on Twitter and/or Facebook. You can see in Settings on the Weddar Mobile Application whether you want or not to share those Reports.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to the Weddar Mobile Application choose to interact with the Mobile Application in ways that require us to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that we gather depends on the nature of the interaction. 96 Til Infinity, Lda. does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Mobile Application-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
96 Til Infinity, Lda. may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to the Mobile Application and Website. 96 Til Infinity, Lda. may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, 96 Til Infinity, Lda. does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
96 Til Infinity, Lda. discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on 96 Til Infinity, Lda.’s behalf. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using the Weddar Mobile Application, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. 96 Til Infinity, Lda. will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, 96 Til Infinity, Lda. discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when 96 Til Infinity, Lda. believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of 96 Til Infinity, Lda., third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of the Weddar Mobile Application and have supplied your email address, 96 Til Infinity, Lda. may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with 96 Til Infinity, Lda. and our products. We primarily use our various product blogs to communicate this type of information, so we expect to keep this type of email to a minimum. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. 96 Til Infinity, Lda. takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a Website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the Website each time the visitor returns. 96 Til Infinity, Lda. uses cookies to help 96 Til Infinity, Lda. identify and track visitors, their usage of 96 Til Infinity, Lda. Website, and their Website access preferences. 96 Til Infinity, Lda. visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using 96 Til Infinity, Lda.’s Websites, with the drawback that certain features of 96 Til Infinity, Lda.’s Websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If 96 Til Infinity, Lda., or substantially all of its assets were acquired, or in the unlikely event that 96 Til Infinity, Lda.goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquiror of 96 Til Infinity, Lda. may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Ads
Ads Mobile Applicationearing on the Mobile Application may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your device each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by 96 Til Infinity, Lda. and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Comments
Comments and other content submitted to our anti-spam service are not saved on our servers unless they were marked as false positives, in which case we store them long enough to use them to improve the service to avoid future false positives.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, 96 Til Infinity, Lda. may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in 96 Til Infinity, Lda.’s sole discretion. 96 Til Infinity, Lda. encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
CC License from https://automattic.com/privacy/