Tags
<TOP
Media Circuit Co., Ltd., which manages smartphone application "Recipe search", declares handling of personal information as follows.
1. Thorough comprehension of intentions concerning protection of personal information
We will endeavor to comply with the "personal information protection management system" by education to understand the importance of personal information protection and ensure safety and reliability for all employees.
2. Enhancement of personal information protection measures
Eliminate the possibility of accumulation and use of personal information in a dispersed form, exclude the possibility that appropriate personal information personal information is accumulated and used in a dispersed manner, collect, use and provide appropriate personal information We strive to improve system maintenance and prevent unauthorized access to personal information, loss, destruction, falsification and leakage, and promptly take corrective measures in case of emergency.
3. Responding to complaints and consultation
In order to respond appropriately to complaints, consultation, inquiries, etc. concerning our company's handling of personal information, we set up a personal information consultation window and strive to resolve promptly.
In addition, we will respond to requests for disclosure, correction, addition or deletion, suspension of use, etc. regarding the disclosure subject personal information held by the Company without delay. If you wish to apply for procedures, we will send you the necessary documents for application, so please contact the Secretariat for Promotion of Personal Information Protection. At that time, I will confirm that you are the person.
4. Compliance with laws and norms concerning personal information protection
We comply with laws and regulations concerning the protection of personal information on business as well as regulations, norms, guidelines, etc. concerning protection of personal information established by administrative organs.
5. Continuous promotion of personal information protection activities
We periodically review the "Personal Information Protection Management System" so that we can voluntarily take appropriate measures to protect personal information and endeavor to continually improve by implementing internal audits.
6. Purpose of using personal information
Personal information collected by collecting personal information of employees for business management, personal information of business partners for business activities, etc. will be handled to the extent necessary for fulfillment of consignment work . In order to prevent non-purpose use, we will take appropriate management measures (stipulated in "4-3-A. Identification of personal information" in the Personal Information Protection Manual). When changing the purpose of use, clarify its purpose and obtain prior consent from the customer.
This personal information protection policy is announced to the inside and outside of our company on the Internet homepage (http://www.medc.co.jp), and it will be announced on paper in response to requests from both inside and outside of the company.
Date of enactment: September 01, 2004
Revision date: November 05, 2017
Media Circuit Co., Ltd.
Personal information management general manager
Representative Director Takashira Kuramochi
Back
©2025 Media Circuit