Retro Dreamer |  Privacy Policy
Last Revised: May 24, 2018
Retro Dreamer ("Company", "we" or "Retro Dreamer") has adopted this Privacy Policy to explain how Retro Dreamer collects, stores, and uses the information collected in connection with Retro Dreamer's mobile applications, services, and websites (collectively, "Services"). Retro Dreamer respects the privacy of the users of their Services ("User" "your" or "you") and is committed to empowering Users to exercise control over their personal information.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully to understand how and when we collect personal information, how we treat it, and how you can exercise control over your personal information. You have a right to know our practices regarding the information we may collect when you use our Services. You also have a right to request that we delete any personal information of yours that we have collected and/or for you to access such personal information.
Retro Dreamer reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy as reasonably necessary, so please review it frequently. We will post any modifications or changes to the Policy on retrodreamer.com. At all times, however, we will only process your personal information in accordance with applicable data protection and privacy laws. For the purpose of EU data protection laws, the data controller is Retro Dreamer, Attn: Data Protection Officer, 154-A W.Foothill Blvd #522, Upland, CA 91786. Should you have any questions relating to this Privacy Policy, please contact us at contact@retrodreamer.com or write to Retro Dreamer, Attn: Privacy Policy Issues, 154-A W.Foothill Blvd #522, Upland, CA 91786.
Section A: App Privacy Policy
PLEASE NOTE: IF YOU OR, AS APPLICABLE, YOUR LEGAL GUARDIAN, DISAGREE TO ANY TERM PROVIDED HEREIN, YOU MAY NOT INSTALL, ACCESS AND/OR USE THE APPS AND YOU ARE REQUESTED TO PROMPTLY ERASE THEM, AND ANY PART THEREOF, FROM YOUR MOBILE DEVICE.
If you are under 13 years of age or a minor in your country of residence ("Kid"), please ask your legal guardian for permission to access the Apps after your legal guardian reviews this Privacy Policy. Retro Dreamer encourages parents and/or guardians to play an active role in their children's online experience. If you are a legal guardian of a Kid and you believe that your Kid has provided us Personal Information, please contact us at contact@retrodreamer.com and we will delete such information from our servers.
1. Personal Information
While the Apps are being used by our Users, we do not knowingly collect Personal Information.
For purposes of this Privacy Policy, "Personal Information" includes the following information:
Online contact information;
A screen or user name that functions as online contact information;
A persistent identifier that can be used to recognize a User over time and across different websites or online services, including a cookie number, an IP address, a processor or device serial number, or a unique device identifier;
Geolocation information sufficient to identify a User's street name and name of a city or town;  or
Any other data that can be used, alone or in connection with other personal data, to identify or contact a User as determined under applicable laws and/or regulations.
Retro Dreamer does not directly collect and store on its servers any Personal Information from Users of the Apps. Further, Retro Dreamer has taken commercially reasonable steps to ensure that third party providers of certain products and services, such as advertising networks, web analytics services, distributors, and game centers, etc. ("Third Parties"), fully comply with the terms of this Privacy Policy and any applicable laws or regulations. But Retro Dreamer does not have access to or control of the Third Parties' technologies.  Any question about Third Parties' privacy practices and policies should be directed to such Third Party (as further identified in this Privacy Policy).
2. Offline Use
For certain Apps, Retro Dreamer allows an offline use (i.e., without Internet connection). Offline use of Apps will preclude the collection by Retro Dreamer and/or Third Parties of any information pertaining to you and/or your use (including, as applicable, information pertaining to your Kid and his/her use) of the  Apps.
3. Using Game Center Features
Our Apps may permit use of certain game center features. The game center features are operated to allow for social integration with certain third party platforms ("Platform").
These Platforms are created and maintained by third parties who are not affiliated with and/or controlled by Retro Dreamer. Your use of the game center features is subject to the applicable Platform's terms of use and privacy policies, as identified below.
Apple Game Center:
http://www.apple.com/legal/internet-services/itunes/gamecenter/us/terms.html
You should ensure that you read their terms of use and privacy policies to understand how they treat your information and in order to understand the methods for changing the privacy or sharing settings on such services. If you do not agree to the practices described in such terms you should not use the Apps.
Section B: Privacy Policy for Website Visitors
Visitors to websites operated by Retro Dreamer, including without limitation Retrodreamer.com, sneeziesgame.com, and monstersandmonocles.com (collectively, the "Sites"), may choose to interact with the Sites in ways that result in Retro Dreamer collecting Personal Information. The amount and type of information gathered depends on the nature of the interaction. In each case, the Sites collect such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with the Sites.
Our website hosting partners receive data from the Sites solely to assist Retro Dreamer in the operation of the Sites. Log file information is automatically reported by your browser each time a User accesses a web page on any of the Sites, including access through the Apps or any other Service. When you access a Site, our website hosting partners automatically record certain information that your web browser sends whenever you visit any website. These server logs may include information such as your web request, Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser type, referring / exit pages and URLs, number of clicks, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed, and other such information. We do not link this automatically-collected data to any User's personally identifiable information.
Retro Dreamer and its website hosting partners may utilize this data to monitor the Sites' performance, to optimize the content of the Sites, and to detect malfunctions or malicious behavior. Retro Dreamer will not share its detailed log files with any third parties, unless we are required to transfer such data by law.
Section C: Additional Privacy Policies
Steam Games (including Monsters & Monocles):
http://retrodreamer.com/mm_privacy.html
Games in iOS Kids category:
http://retrodreamer.com/icjfk_privacy.html