プライバシーポリシー
Privacy Policy
個人情報保護を目的として以下の取り組みを実施しております。
お客さまの個人情報の取り扱いについては、関連する法令およびその他の規範を遵守いたします。
お客さまの個人情報の入手にあたり、適法かつ公正な手段によって行い、不正な方法により入手せず、
個人情報の主体であるお客さまご本人に利用目的を通知、公表いたします。
また、当該利用目的の範囲を超えて利用する必要が発生した際には、あらためて新たな利用目的についてお知らせし、お客さまの同意をいただいた上で利用いたします。
本アプリの配信は、下記のアプリ配信マーケットのみで行い、それ以外のマーケット（例：Aptoide）では配信を許可しておりません。
iOS用：AppStore
Android用：Google Play、Softbank App Pass
お客さまの個人情報への不正アクセス、紛失、破壊、改ざんおよび漏えい等を防止する適切な対策を講じます。
個人情報の処理を外部に委託する場合は、必要な契約を締結し、適切な監督を行います。
個人情報の主体であるお客さま本人からの自己の個人情報の開示、訂正、使用停止、消去等のご請求に対して、ご本人であることを確認の上、適切な対応を行います。
次の場合を除き、個人情報を第三者に開示いたしません。
（1）お客さまご本人の同意がある場合
（2）お客さまご本人を識別できない状態（統計資料等）で開示する場合
（3）個人情報保護法その他の法令に基づき提供の必要がある場合
（4）提供を受ける者が個人情報保護法に基づく第三者に該当しない場合（外部委託先等）
当社は個人情報保護に対する取り組みを、継続的に見直し、改善していきます。
2020年6月27日
株式会社ブラン
We are implementing the following initiatives to protect personal information.
Regarding the handling of customer's personal information, we will comply with related laws and other norms.
In order to obtain customer's personal information, do it by lawful and fair means, do not obtain it by an unfair method,
We inform and announce the purpose of use to the customer himself, the subject of personal information.
In addition, when it becomes necessary to use beyond the scope of the purpose of use, we will announce the new purpose of use again and will use it after consent of the customer.
Distribution of this application is only available in the following application distribution markets.
Other markets (eg Aptoide) are not allowed.
For iOS: AppStore
For Android:Google Play, Softbank App Pass
We will take appropriate measures to prevent unauthorized access, loss, destruction, tampering, leakage, etc. of customer's personal information.
In the case of outsourcing the processing of personal information, we conclude necessary contracts and conduct appropriate supervision.
In response to requests for disclosure, correction, suspension, elimination, etc. of personal information of the customer himself, which is the subject of personal information, we will confirm that you are the principal and take appropriate measures.
We will not disclose personal information to third parties except in the following cases.
（1）When there is consent of the customer himself / herself
（2）When disclosing in the state where the customer can not be identified (statistical data etc.)
（3）When it is necessary to provide in accordance with the Personal Information Protection Act or other laws and regulations
（4）If the person receiving the offer does not fall under the third party based on the Personal Information Protection Law (outsourcer etc.)
We will continuously review and improve our efforts to protect personal information.
June 27, 2020
blanc inc
Kazuhisa Suzuki
人狼ゲーム