Privacy Policy
The last update to our Privacy Policy was posted on 17 March 2023
Fast Dictionary Limited (Fastdic) built the Fast Dictionary’s website and apps as an ad-supported service. This SERVICE is provided by Fast Dictionary at no cost and is intended for use as is. Users can remove the adverts by purchasing the full-version.
This page is used to inform website/app users regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect are used for providing and improving the Service.we will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at latest Fast Dictionary website and apps, unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information collection and use
For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to The information that we request is will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.
In addition, the Application may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile devices unique device ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browsers you use, and information about the way you use the Application. 
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Use of personal information
We may use your Personal Information for a number of purposes, such as:
- Surveying our users to measure and improve the effectiveness of the Website/Apps
- Notification/contacting the user of changes to the Website/Apps
- Collecting other publically available data about our users to enhance user experiences
- Informing users using email address or push notification about Fast Dictionary's sponsors
Tracking and analyzing user preferences
Ensure you have a personalized and consistent experience in using the Website/Apps
Other legitimate business purposes described in this Policy
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data that is commonly used an anonymous unique identifier. These are sent to your browser from the website that you visit and are stored on your device internal memory.
This Service does use these "cookies" to provide a unique user experience. Also, the app may use third party code and libraries that use "cookies" to collection information and to improve their services. You can use the Google Analytics Opt-Out Browser Add-on to disable tracking by Google Analytics.
App Required Permissions
We may ask for permission to have limited access to your device to provide better service and experience to the user.
The required permissions for Android application described below.
Camera - take pictures and videos
Control flashlight
Enable image translator functionalities
Microphone - Record audio
Enable voice translator functionalities
Phone - Read phone status and identity
The phone status and identity is used to remember the device and provide the best experience to the user. In addition we identify the user upon purchases with this unique identifier.
Photos/Media/Files - Read the contents of your USB storage
Photos/Media/Files - Modify or delete the contents of your USB storage
This provides the ability to transfer application database to the memory card.
Enable image translator
Storage - Read the contents of your USB storage
Storage - Modify or delete the contents of your USB storage
This provides the ability to transfer application database to the memory card.
Wi-Fi connection information - View Wi-Fi connections
We check the Wi-Fi connection to provide the best experience related to login, purchase, audio pronunciations and etc.
Receive data from Internet
View network connections
Full network access
Used for online audio pronunciations and other features that requires internet connections.
Device ID & call information - Read phone status and identity
The phone status and identity is used to remember the device and provide the best experience to the user. In addition we identify the user upon purchases with this unique identifier.
Draw over other apps
Used to provide the best experience for floating widget to the user.
Control vibration
Used to privide best experience of resetting search field.
Prevent device from sleeping
Used to provide the best experience for floating widget to the user.
Reorder running apps
Enable text, image, voice translator
Security
Any personally identifiable information collected through this site and apps is stored on limited-access servers. We will maintain safeguards to protect these servers and the information they store. In addition, we store all sensitive data and information encrypted.
Links to other sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. we have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes.
Concerns or questions regarding our compliance
Questions or concerns regarding our compliance with this Policy may be directed to support@fastdic.com