Home
Game Support
Downloads
Dragon Lords
Your privacy
We use essential cookies to make our site work. We would also like to use analytics cookies to help
                improve
                our overall user experience. They will only be set if you accept them.
Please set your preference below. You can adjust your settings any time by visiting our
privacy settings
                    page
. And you can view our full privacy policy
here
.
Accept all cookies
Essential cookies only
Our privacy policy and cookie usage
We take the protection of your privacy seriously.  This page gives you some details about the way we use any information we might collect from you.
Personal Information & GDPR
We store email addresses of players so that game accounts may be restored to their owners when login details are lost. We also store customer IP addresses so that we can monitor for abuse of our games and servers. We will happily comply with any request required of us by the GDPR regulations free of charge.
The data controller for our games and this website:
Seismic Technology Limited (UK Company Registration Number 3183392)
31 Silverwood Close,
Lowestoft
Suffolk
NR33 7LX
Data Protection Officer
Please contact our data protection officer if you need to request access to the data that we hold on you, or request that this information is removed from our systems:
Mr. Mick Garlick
Director, Seismic Technology Limited
Telephone: +44 (0)1502 584888
Email: mick.garlick@storevalley.co.uk
Third Parties
We will never sell or rent any information collected to third parties.  Nor will we ever divulge any information to a third party that allows you to be personally identified.
Information About The Cookies We Use
Cookies are small amounts of information which we may store on your computer.
Unless you have configured your browser not to accept them, our system will issue cookies to your computer when you use our site or games. Cookies make it easier for you to log on to and use them during future visits. They also allow us to monitor website traffic and to personalise the content of our site and games for you.
We use a number of different cookies on our site and our games. If you do not know what cookies are, or how to control or delete them, then we recommend you visit
aboutcookies.org
for detailed guidance.
For a better understanding of cookies please see the aboutcookies.org frequently asked questions page
here
.
Our Cookie Policy & GDPR
This site is designed to comply with the EU's General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). When you first visit the site you should see a box requesting that you register your cookie preferences. After setting your preferences you can change them at any time by using
this page
.
If new cookies are introduced or the message you agreed to when you first visited the site changes in any way, the site will ask you to agree to the new terms next time you visit.
First Party Cookies
These are cookies that are set by this website directly.
Privacy Preferences
: Your privacy preferences are stored in a cookie which will expire after 90 days. This is refreshed each time you visit the site for your convenience. This is considered an 'essential' cookie and can not be disabled.
Google Analytics
: We use Google Analytics to collect information about visitor behaviour on our website. Google Analytics stores information about what pages you visit, how long you are on the site, how you found us and what you click on. This data is not tied to personally identifiable information. This site does not collect or store your personal information (e.g. your name or address) so this information cannot be used to identify who you are.
You can find out more about Google's position on privacy as regards its analytics service
here
.
Our Games
: Cookies are used to store some user preferences by our games. If these were disabled then various pieces of functionality on the games would stop working as you expect them to, hence they are considered 'essential' and can not be disabled.
Third Party Cookies
We do use any services on this site that set third party cookies.
Other Personal Information Stored By Our Games
Information is stored by our games about you and your device to ensure that you can access your account and log on to the game. This information may also be used to prevent abuse, cheating and criminal activities, and may be shared with the relevant law enforcement agencies where necessary.
Privacy Policy
Privacy Settings