4Sale
Privacy Policy
Effective on 2022-07-21
This privacy statement describes how 4Sale collects and uses the
      personal information you provide. It also describes the choices
      available to you regarding our use of your personal information and how
      you can access and update this information.
Location Services
Some services on this app make use of location-based data. If you allow
      these services, we will collect information about your location, but
      such information will not be saved on our servers. We use this
      information to provide the requested location-based service, not to
      identify you.
Provide you content based upon your location.
Provide you local search results.
Provide you special local offers.
Collection and Use
We collect the following personal information from you:
Contact Information such as email address, and phone number
Usage activity about how you interact with the app, including
        recording all actions you take on the app and sending it to third
        party providers purely for the purpose of usage analysis to help
        improve your app experience.
Device Information: As is true of most apps, we automatically gather
        information about your device such as your IP address, device ID,
        device type, operation system, and device version.
We use this information to:
Send you an order confirmation
Send you requested product or service information
Send product updates or warranty information
Respond to customer service requests
Administer your account
Send you push notifications when you are using our app. If you do not
        want these notifications, you can manage your preference either
        through your device or app settings depending on your device type.
Send you marketing communications
Improve our App and marketing efforts
Respond to your questions and concerns
Display content based upon your interests
Improve your overall app experience
You may unsubscribe from the app at any time by clicking on the
      unsubscribe button in the app.
Sharing Your Information
We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that
      are described in this privacy statement.
We may disclose your personal information
Images: As is true of most apps, we store any images you choose to upload to the app as part of your user profile, so that they automatically appear every time you access your user profile.
as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar
        legal process.
when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect
        our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate
        fraud, or respond to a government request.
to any other third party with your prior consent to do so. We make
        your contact information available to other users involved in the sale
        or purchase of items listed on this site to complete the sale
        transaction.
Tracking and Ads
We or a third party contracted by us may use technologies such as
      cookies, Web beacons, screen recordings, or scripts to gather
      information about how you and others interact with our App. For example,
      we will know how many users access a specific areas or features within
      our app and which links or ads they clicked on, and what caused the app
      to crash. We use this aggregated information to understand and optimize
      how our app is used, improve our marketing efforts, and provide content
      and features that are of interest to you.
Security
The security of your personal information is important to us. We follow
      generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal
      information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we
      receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of
      electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its
      absolute security.
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or
      as needed to provide you services. If you wish to cancel your account or
      request that we no longer use your information to provide you services
      contact us. We will retain and use your information as necessary to
      comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our
      agreements.
Other Information
Correcting and Updating Your Personal Information
You may review and update your personal information to ensure it is
      accurate, at any time through the app or by contacting us.
Notification of Privacy Statement Changes
We may update this privacy statement to reflect changes to our
      information practices. If we make any material changes we will notify
      you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or
      by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming
      effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the
      latest information on our privacy practices.
Contact
You can contact us about this privacy statement by emailing us on
info@q84sale.com
"4Sale للبيع"
سياسة الخصوصية
اعتبارا من 2022-07-21
يصف بيان الخصوصية هذا كيفية تجميع "4Sale للبيع" واستخدامها للمعلومات
      الشخصية التي تقدمها. كما توضح هذه المقالة الخيارات المتاحة لك بخصوص
      استخدامنا للمعلومات الشخصية الخاصة بك، وكيف يمكن الوصول إلى وتحديث هذه
      المعلومات.
خدمات الموقع:
تقديم بعض الخدمات في هذا التطبيق يتم استنادا الى موقعك الحالي. إذا كنت
      تسمح لهذه الخدمات، سوف نقوم بجمع معلومات مؤقتة عن الموقع الخاص بك، ولكن
      لن يتم حفظ هذه المعلومات على الخوادم الخاصة بنا. نحن نستخدم هذه
      المعلومات لتقديم الخدمة المطلوبة على أساس موقعك، وليس للتعرف عليك. سوف
      يطلب منك الإذن الخاص بك في كل مرة يطلب فيها تقديم خدمة تعتمد على الموقع.
تقديم محتوى يعتمد على موقعك
تقديم نتائج محلية للبحث خاص بموقعك
تقديم اليك عروض خاصة محلية خاصة بموقعك
التجميع والاستخدام:
نقوم بجمع المعلومات الشخصية التالية منك:
معلومات الاتصال كالبريد الالكتروني ورقم التلفون
نشاطات الاستخدام والتفاعل على التطبيق تشمل تسجيل كل النشاطات على
        التطبيق وإرسالها لأدوات تحليلية خارجية تقوم بتحليل تلك الأنشطة
        لتساعدنا بتطوير استخدام التطبيق
نشاطات الاستخدام والتعامل معنا مثل تاريخ عملية الشراء وتاريخ الاعلانات
معلومات الجهاز: كما هو الحال لمعظم التطبيقات، ونحن جمع معلومات حول
        جهازك مثل عنوان IP، معرف الجهاز، نوع الجهاز، نظام التشغيل وتاريخ
        الاصدار للجهاز.
نحن نستخدم هذه المعلومات للتالي :
نرسل لك تأكيدات للطلبات
نرسل لك معلومات للمنتج المطلوب او الخدمات
الرد على طلبات خدمة العملاء
ادارة حسابك
نرسل لك تنبيهات اثناء استخدامك للبرنامج . اذا لم تكن ترغب في هذا
        التنبيهات يمكن ايقافها من الاعدادات بجهازك
تصل اليك اتصالات للتسويق
تحسين وتطوير البرنامج
الرد على اسئلتك واستفساراتك
عرض محتوى اعتمادا على اهتماماتك
تطوير تجربة التطبيق بشكل عام
بامكانك الغاء اشتراكك من التطبيق في اي وقت وذلك بالضغط على زر الغاء
      الاشتراك في الاعدادات داخل التطبيق
مشاركة بياناتك:
سوف نشارك معلوماتك مع الطرف الثالث فقط في الطرق الموضحة في بيان الخصوصية
      هذا.
قد نقوم بالكشف عن المعلومات الشخصية الخاصة بك
كما هو الحال لمعظم التطبيقات، نقوم بتسجيل الصور التي يتم تحميلها من قبل المستخدم كجزء من الملف الشخصي، كي نتمكن من اظهارها تلقائيا في حال دخول المستخدم على الملف الشخصي
كما هو مطلوب بموجب القانون، كما هو الحال الامتثال لمذكرة استدعاء، أو
        عملية قانونية مماثلة
عندما نعتقد بحسن نية أن الكشف ضروري لحماية حقوقنا، حماية سلامتك أو
        سلامة الآخرين، والتحقيق في الاحتيال، أو الاستجابة لطلب حكومة.
إلى أي طرف ثالث بموافقتك المسبقة القيام بذلك. نحن نتيح معلومات الاتصال
        الخاصة بك للمستخدمين الآخرين المتورطين في بيع أو شراء البنود المدرجة
        على هذا الموقع لإتمام صفقة البيع
التعقب والإعلانات
نحن أو طرف ثالث تعاقد معنا قد تستخدم تكنولوجيا مثل ملفات تعريف الارتباط
      أو إشارات الويب أو البرامج النصية ، تسجيل الشاشة، لجمع معلومات حول كيف
      يمكنك والآخرين التفاعل مع التطبيق لدينا. على سبيل المثال، سوف نعرف كم
      وصل عدد المستخدمين إلى منطقة معينة أو عدد المستخدمين للميزات داخل
      التطبيق لدينا والروابط أو الإعلانات التي قاموابالنقر عليها ، و التي
      تسببت بالتوقف المفاجيء للتطبيق. نحن نستخدم هذه المعلومات المجمعة لفهم
      وتحسين كيفية استخدام التطبيق لدينا، وتحسين جهودنا التسويقية، وتوفير
      المحتوى والميزات التي تهم لك.
الأمان
أمان المعلومات الشخصية الخاصة بك مهم بالنسبة لنا. ونحن نتابع المعايير
      المهنية المقبولة عموما لحماية المعلومات الشخصية التي قدمت لنا، سواء
      أثناء الإرسال او الاستقبال . لا يوجد أسلوب للبث عبر الإنترنت، أو طريقة
      للتخزين الإلكتروني، هو آمن 100 % . ولذلك، لا يمكننا ضمان الأمن المطلق.
سنحتفظ بالمعلومات الخاصة بك لطالما الحساب الخاص بك فعال أو حسب الحاجة
      لتنفر لك الخدمات. إذا كنت ترغب في إلغاء الحساب الخاص بك سوف لا نستخدم
      المعلومات الخاصة بك الخدمات لك بعدها . ونحن سوف الاحتفاظ واستخدام
      المعلومات الخاصة بك حسب الاقتضاء للوفاء بالتزاماتنا القانونية، وحل
      النزاعات، وفرض اتفاقاتنا.
بيانات اخرى
تصحيح وتحديث بيانات الشخصية
يجوز لك مراجعة وتحديث المعلومات الشخصية الخاصة بك التأكد من أنها دقيقة،
      في أي وقت من خلال التطبيق، أو عن طريق الاتصال بنا.
التنبيهات بالتغييرات في بيان الخصوصية
قد نقوم بتحديث بيان الخصوصية هذا حتى تعكس التغييرات في
      استخدامناللمعلومات. إذا قمنا بإجراء أي تغييرات مادية سنقوم بإعلامك عن
      طريق البريد الإلكتروني (ارسال إلى عنوان البريد الإلكتروني المحدد في حساب
      الخاص بك) أو بواسطة وسائل إشعار في هذا الموقع قبل التغيير حتى تصبح
      فعالة. ونحن نشجعك على مراجعة هذه الصفحة لأحدث المعلومات عن ممارسات
      الخصوصية بشكل دوري.
للاتصال
بامكانك الاتصال بنا حول اتفاقية الخصوصية هذه بارسال ايميل الى
info@q84sale.com