£
?
?
£
£
£
£
£
£
£
Offer expires in 6 days
£
£
£
£
£
£
Offer expires in 6 days
£
£
£
£
%
Offer expires in 6 days
Home
Categories
Compare
Everyday Essentials
More
Holidays
Travel Extras
Electricals
Fashion
Department Stores
Home & DIY
Insurance
Finance
Health & Beauty
Utilities & Telecoms
Parents & Kids
Sports & Fitness
Luxury
Office & Business
Pets
Cars
Charity
Food & Drink
Entertainment
Business Banking
Toys & Gifts
Ethical & Sustainable
Car Insurance
Home Insurance
Travel Insurance
Energy
Broadband
Mobile Phone
Pet Insurance
Bicycle Insurance
Loans
Van Insurance
Motorbike Insurance
All Quidco Compare
Cashback Reminder
Premium
Payout
Download our App
Help Centre
Missing Cashback Claim
Highest Cashback Guarantee
Health & Beauty
- get a
£10 Bonus
when you spend £50+
Opt in
Close search
Search results for
* all rates displayed are new premium member rates
Sorry, we can't find anything to match that
Introduction
Who we are & contact details
What personal data do we collect?
How is your personal data collected?
How do we use your personal data, and what is our legal basis for doing so?
How long will we keep your personal data for?
Whom will we share your personal data with?
Transferring your data outside of the United Kingdom
How do we keep your data secure?
Your legal rights
Cookies
Password security
Editing your Account and marketing communication settings
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Introduction
This Privacy Policy explains what information we collect about you, how we may use it, and the steps we take to ensure that it is kept secure. It also explains your rights and how to contact us.
1. Who we are & contact details
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, references to “we”, “we’re”, “us” or “our” are to Quidco Ltd trading as
Quidco
(company number 05498276). Quidco is the controller in relation to the processing of the personal information that you provide to us when you use the Quidco Services.
You can request more details of how we use your data and exercise your legal rights by contacting our Information Officer by email at
privacy@quidco.com
or write to us at Information Officer, Quidco, MONY Group House, Saint David’s Park, Ewloe, Chester, CH5 3UZ.
If you have a complaint, you can also use those same contact details to get in touch. We’ll investigate and get back in touch with you as soon as possible.
We’re registered with the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) with registration number Z9450695. The ICO is an independent organisation that protects people’s information and privacy rights (www.ico.org.uk).
You also have the right to complain to the ICO at any time. We’d, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns first before you approach the ICO.
Defined terms that we use in this Privacy Policy have the same meaning as in the Quidco Account Holder Agreement.
We collect and process data that relates to you (called "personal data") for the purposes of the following Quidco Services:
The Quidco cashback service for website and app-based transactions
The Quidco Compare cashback service for price comparison service
The Quidco ClickSnap cashback service for instore supermarket purchases
The Quidco Payout service for gift card exchange services
Unless otherwise indicated, this Privacy Policy applies to each of these Quidco Services.
2. What personal data do we collect?
We collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you which we have grouped
            together as follows:
Claims Data
includes data you provide concerning a purchase made from a retailer as
              part of the process of raising and processing a cashback claim on your behalf.
Contact Data
includes address, email address and telephone numbers.
Customer Service Contact Data
includes records of your contact with our customer care team, including live chat, online tickets raised, emails and contacts through any other customer contact channels.
Enquiry Data
includes data you provide when you use Quidco Compare cashback service.
Financial Data
includes bank account and PayPal account (including Identifier Card and Cashback Withdrawal Method) details.
Identity Data
includes first name, last name, username, date of birth, gender or similar identifier.
Marketing and Communications Data
includes your preferences for receiving marketing from us and your communication preferences.
Profile Data
includes your username and password, purchases or orders made by you, cashback allocated to you, your interests, preferences, feedback, reviews and survey responses.
Technical Data
includes internet protocol (IP) address, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access Quidco.
Transaction Data
includes details about Cashback payments that may be due to you and details of transactions that may give rise to Cashback.
Usage Data
includes information about how you use Quidco and about the websites that you accessed prior to accessing Quidco.
We also collect, use and share
Aggregated Data
such as statistical or demographic data. Aggregated Data may be derived from your personal data but is put together in an aggregated and anonymous manner (so that your identity and personal data are not accessible) and does not constitute personal data for legal purposes. For example, we may aggregate your Usage Data and Transaction Data and (a) use it for internal management purposes, and (b) share it with current or prospective retailers. This type of information includes, for example, usage of an Account Holder's Cashback Withdrawal Method, including the types of products that the individual Account Holder purchases, the value of those purchases and the web, app or other channels through which the purchases are made.
3. How is your personal data collected?
We use different methods to collect data from and about you including through:
Direct interactions.
You may give us your Identity, Contact and Financial Data by filling in forms or by
              corresponding with us by post, phone, email or otherwise. This includes personal data you provide when
              you:
Create an account with Quidco;
Use a Quidco Service;
Request marketing to be sent to you;
Enter a competition, promotion or survey; or
Give us some feedback.
Automated technologies or interactions.
As you use Quidco, we may automatically collect Technical Data about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns. We collect this personal data by using cookies, server logs and other similar technologies. We may also receive Technical Data and Usage Data about you if you visit other services employing our cookies.
Third parties or publicly available sources.
We may receive personal data about you from various third
              parties as set out below:
Technical Data and Usage Data from the following parties:
Analytics providers such as Google;
Affiliate advertising networks that are involved as intermediaries in the process of
                      administering your Cashback-generating transactions such as Affiliate Window, Commission Junction
                      and Performance Horizon; and
Technical monitoring and error reporting service providers that we engage to assist us with our
                      programme of continuous monitoring and improvement for Quidco Services and the gathering of
                      information about faults that may occur, such as New Relic and Papertrail.
Contact Data, Enquiry Data, Financial Data and Transaction Data from:
Providers of technical, payment and delivery services for Quidco Services such as CheckoutSmart (for Quidco ClickSnap);
Retailers from which you have made a purchase;
Affiliate advertising networks;
Online third party businesses which partner with us to provide commercial services to our Account Holders, such as the comparison service deployed by Quidco Compare, Quidco's gift card mall, and other booking services offered through Quidco, (together, Quidco Associates). To be clear: when we say "Associate" we don't mean that Quidco is in a formal association or partnership with the other company - our business and the associate's business are entirely separate.
Contact Data, Marketing and Communications Data, and Technical Data from businesses through which we carry out, or which assist us to carry out, marketing campaigns addressed to new or existing Account Holders, such as (but not limited to) by means of lead generation campaigns, social media marketing, display advertising and the promotion of the Quidco app.
4. How do we use your personal data, and what is our legal basis for doing so ?
These are the legal bases we have for holding and processing your personal data:
Contract:
To enter into or perform a contract with you
Legitimate Interest:
For our (or third parties’) legitimate interests, as long as they
              aren’t overridden by your interests and rights
Consent:
Your consent
Obligation:
To comply with our legal obligations
And here is how we use your personal data, and our relevant legal basis (
Our basis
) for
            doing so:
When you register with us, we obtain your Identity Data and Contact Data. That Identity Data and Contact Data may be supplemented over time with other information, such as Transaction Data, and additional or updated Identity Data, Enquiry Data and Contact Data. We use this information to maintain your registration with Quidco and administer our relationship with you. Our basis: Contract.
If you enter into a transaction through the Quidco website or app or provide us with details of a transaction (such as where you are seeking to obtain Cashback on a Quidco ClickSnap purchase), we may use your Identity Data, Contact Data, Enquiry Data, Financial Data (Identifier Card) and Transaction Data to track your transaction and to receive and process Referral Fees. Our basis: Contract and Legitimate Interest (to receive payment of sums owed to us and you).
We use the Cashback Withdrawal Method you have registered in your Account as part of your Financial Data to process and distribute Cashback to you. Our basis: Contract
Where a claim or complaint is raised as to Cashback that may be owed, we may use your Identity Data, Contact Data, Financial Data and Transaction Data, as well as relevant Claims Data, to process that claim or complaint. Our basis: Contract and Legitimate Interest (to receive payment of sums owed to us and you).
We will also use Identity Data, Enquiry Data, Contact Data, Payment Data and Transaction Data to monitor purchases with the objective of helping to prevent fraud. Our basis: Legitimate Interest (fraud-prevention).
From time to time, you may participate in a survey or provide us with feedback or otherwise engage with us in ways that, in combination with other data we hold, may be included in your Profile Data. In using the Quidco (and other) websites and apps, we and our service providers will also collect Technical Data and Profile Data. We use and combine Identity Data, Contact Data, Enquiry Data, Profile Data, Transaction Data, Financial Data, Technical Data, Usage Data and your Marketing and Communications Data to make our products and services, including the Quidco website and app, and the offers and marketing you receive, better and more relevant to you, and to enable us to create content that is more suited to you - and send you more relevant communications. Our basis: Legitimate Interest (marketing our products and services to you and making our products and services more specific to you), Consent (where your consent is necessary).
When you engage with a retailer or a Quidco Associate, you may authorise us to communicate your Identity Data and Contact Data when you apply to or register with that retailer or Quidco Associate. Our basis: Consent
You may also consent to a third party - such as a retailer or Quidco Associate - providing us with Transaction Data concerning your purchase from the retailer or Quidco Associate, which we will combine with your Identity Data, Contact Data, Enquiry Data and Profile Data, in order to market other goods and services to you. For example, if you have booked a hotel through a Quidco Associate, we may be provided with details of your stay - which we may use to market car hire opportunities that we think may interest you. We only do any of this if you have permitted it by giving your consent to the retailer or Quidco Associate. Our basis: Consent.
We use Contact Data, Enquiry Data, Technical Data and Marketing and Communications Data about you that we receive as a result of marketing campaigns addressed to new or existing Account Holders to calculate commission due to the businesses that assist in performing the relevant marketing campaign and help us to analyse your use of Quidco. Our basis: Legitimate Interest (in the marketing, and understanding the use, of Quidco)
We retain records of our financial transactions and contracts with you in order to maintain adequate accounting records and meet legal requirements. Our basis: Obligation.
We will use your Marketing and Communications Data and Identity Data, Enquiry Data and Contact Data to keep you informed of important changes to our relationship with you, such as by notifying you of changes to this Privacy Policy. Our basis: Contract, Obligation and Legitimate Interest (in maintaining a compliant relationship with you).
We use Customer Service Contact Data, and your Identity Data, Enquiry Data and Contact Data to deal with and investigate issues you raise with us, to communicate with you about them and (in the case of Customer Service Contact Data that we de-identify for the purpose) to improve Quidco Services. Our basis: Contract; Legitimate Interest (improving Quidco Services).
We work with online advertising businesses which use small files known as cookies to serve you with advertising that is thought to be relevant to you, based on your previous browsing habits. Gathered data is also used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement and to help measure the effectiveness of the advertising campaign. Our basis: Consent (in providing you with advertising appropriate to you from third parties).
We will only use your personal data for the above purposes, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so. We may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent where this is required or permitted by law.
5. How long will we keep your personal data for?
We keep your personal data for as long as is necessary:
for Our basis as specified in this Privacy Policy, and
to address relevant legal, tax or accounting requirements, including potential claims by and against
              us.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of that data, the purposes for which we process it, whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, as well as legal, taxation and accounting requirements.
You can request more details of how we apply these criteria by contacting our Information Officer by email
            at
privacy@quidco.com
.
When the need to keep your personal data ends, we either delete or anonymise it.
6. Whom will we share your personal data with?
Your personal data may be shared with other members of MONY Group for the purpose of improving price comparison and cashback products and services, including the Quidco site and app. The MONY Group includes MoneySuperMarket, MoneySavingExpert, Decision Technologies, CYTI, Travelsupermarket, icelolly and Podium.
We also share information with various third party businesses, but in each case always for the uses referred to above. These third party businesses are:
Affiliate networks that are involved in the transaction and cashback-allocation process
Payment and transactional service providers
Advertising service providers, such as Google Ad Manager, providing cookie display advertising on
              Quidco and on other sites you visit
Businesses through which we carry out, or which assist us to carry out, marketing campaigns
Retailers, listed at
https://www.quidco.com/a-z/
Businesses we engage to process data on our behalf, including:
Website and app-hosting services
Website optimisation services
Website usage services
Email service providers
Mobile push notification services
Data management platform providers
Digital gift card distribution services
Customer relationship management services
Marketing tracking partners
Messaging services
Social media platforms
Online and offline marketing services
Research and profiling services
We may also disclose your personal data to HM Revenue & Customs, regulators and other authorities who
            legally require us to do so.
We may also share your personal data with others where to do so is mandated by applicable law.
If we sell our business or assets, your personal data may be provided to the prospective purchaser’s advisers with appropriate legal protections and will be passed to the new owners of the business.
Your Marketing and Communications Data will only be shared with a third party for the purpose of them
            directly marketing to you where you have consented to that marketing.
7. Transferring your data outside of the United Kingdom
We work with third party businesses in the United Kingdom (UK), in the European Economic Area (EEA) and in countries outside of the EEA. If we transfer your personal data outside the EEA to a country that does not provide adequate levels of personal data protection as determined by the European Commission, we’ll put in place legally appropriate safeguards as stated under UK law to require the protection of your personal data, for example by using the international data-transfer agreement, or the international data transfer addendum to the European Commission’s standard contractual clauses for international data transfers as approved by the UK government.
            You can request details of those safeguards by contacting our Information Officer by email at
privacy@quidco.com.
8. How do we keep your data secure?
We have put in place appropriate security measures intended to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have also put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
9. Your legal rights
Under the UK GDPR, you have the right to:
Request access
to your personal data (commonly known as a “data subject access
              request”). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we
              are lawfully processing it.
Request correction
of the personal data that we hold about you. This enables you to
              have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the
              accuracy of new data you provide to us.
Request erasure
of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove
              personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to
              ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have successfully exercised your right to object
              to processing (see below), where we may have processed your information unlawfully or where we are
              required to erase your personal data to comply with local law. Note, however, that we may not always be
              in a position to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to
              you, if applicable, at the time of your request.
Object to processing
of your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate
              interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes
              you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and
              freedoms. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal data for direct
              marketing purposes. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to
              process your information which override your rights and freedoms.
Request restriction of processing
of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to
              suspend the processing of your personal data in the following scenarios: (a) if you want us to establish
              the data’s accuracy; (b) where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it; (c)
              where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise
              or defend legal claims; or (d) you have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we
              have overriding legitimate grounds to use it.
Request the transfer
of your personal data to you or to a third party. We will provide
              to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a structured, commonly used,
              machine-readable format. Note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially
              provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you.
Withdraw consent
where we are relying on consent to process your personal data.
              However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your
              consent.
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact our Information Officer by email at
privacy@quidco.com
. You will not have to pay a fee to exercise any
            of your legal rights as specified above. However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly
            unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these
            circumstances.
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right
            to access the relevant personal data (or to exercise any of your other legal rights). This is a security
            measure we take to help avoid your personal data being disclosed to a person who has no right to receive
            it.
We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to help speed up our
            response.
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a
            month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will
            notify you and keep you updated.
10. Cookies
Details of our cookie policy and the cookies used by Quidco are available
here
.
11. Password Security
Your personal information's security is very important to us. Quidco Services uses TLS/SSL encryption (HTTPS) to securely transmit data between your device and our infrastructures. However, no data transmission over the internet can be guaranteed to be totally secure. Certain information, for example, your Cashback Withdrawal Method, is encrypted to minimise the risk of interception during transit.
Access to your Account is password-protected for your privacy and security. While we do our best to protect
            your personal information you also must protect yourself. What does this mean?
Choose a strong password to access your account that you’ve not used before.  You can use a password manager (which will also remember it for you), or if you want to create one yourself, make sure it is lengthy and includes a mixture of upper and lower case letters, numbers and special characters.
Keep your password or other access information secret.
Ensure no-one else uses Quidco while your machine is "signed in" to the Quidco website or App.
Make sure you sign out from your Account when not using it.
Ensure that only you have access to the details of your Cashback Withdrawal Method, such as PayPal or digital gift card, charitable donation, or bank account, which are intended to be kept secret.
12. Editing your Account and marketing communication settings
We like to keep in touch with our Account Holders to tell you about the great offers, ideas, products and Quidco Services that we think you might be interested in and let you know about renewal quotes when you use Quidco Compare cashback service.
We will contact you (depending on your contact preferences) via email or by other electronic means such as via social and digital media. If you feel you're getting too many marketing communications from us, you can change the settings in your Account at any time. We have a one click unsubscribe policy, and each communication gives you the opportunity to opt-out of receiving similar future communications. You can also review, change or correct your Identity and Contact Data by signing into your Account and going to the settings tab.
Please bear in mind that it may take a little while for all marketing to stop once you either tell us you’d like to opt out of marketing or withdraw your consent. Marketing may already be in transit to you, in which case we may not be able to immediately stop it. If you opt out of receiving marketing communications from us, your personal information will still be used to improve Quidco Services as described earlier above.
Please also note there are some (non-marketing) communications that are an integral part of the Quidco Services and cannot be opted-out of. These communications cover, amongst other things, changes to the Quidco Services and your transactions with retailers. They can be brought to an end by de-registering your Account.
13. Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to amend or modify this Privacy Policy at any time and any changes will be published on the Quidco website.
The date of the most recent revision will appear on this page. If we make significant changes to this policy, we may also notify you by other means such as sending an email.  Where required by law we will obtain your consent to make these changes. If you do not agree with any changes please do not continue to use the Quidco Services.
Last updated: 29 June 2023
We notice you don't have any payment details set, you can be paid via
Bank Transfer
,
Paypal
or in
Amazon.co.uk Gift Cards
.
Please confirm that the link to the retailer's site is broken. Click close if you clicked the link in error.
Thank you for alerting The Quidco Support team and they will investigate and update you within the next hour.
Your browser is set to block pop-up ads and cookies.
It's vital you turn off your ad blocker now. If you don't Quidco will not track your purchase.
How do I do this?
https://www.quidco.com/
Quidco relies on essential cookies to track cashback from the brands you shop with.
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Cookie Policy
Cookies Settings
Reject Non-Essential Cookies
Accept All Cookies
Your Privacy
Essential
Analytics & Tracking
Functionality
Advertising or Targeting
Your Privacy
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
Cookie Policy
Always Active
These cookies are used to maintain the security and stability of our Site, making sure that it operates as expected and displays images correctly. These cookies do not gather information about you that could be used for marketing or remembering where you’ve been on the internet.
Analytics & Tracking
We use these cookies to understand how you use our webpages and services while on our Site. This data is used to measure how many people visit each page, where they have come from, and what options they click on. Information is aggregated – we don't know which people have done what.
Functionality
These cookies allow us to improve your experience, to remember the choices you make (such as your username) and to make sure that our Site is running smoothly. They will also be used to test new features that may be used on our Site in future. We can only use these cookies if you give us consent. Example of how we use functionality cookies: gathering data about visits to the Site, including numbers of visitors and visits, length of time spent on the Site, pages clicked on, or where visitors have come from. We generally use independent companies to perform these services for us and when this is the case, these cookies may be set by a third party company (third party cookies).
Advertising or Targeting
We use these cookies to pick and place adverts that we think you’d like to see, alongside our partners. They also let us measure how effective they are by checking the types of adverts and how often they’re shown, as well as how you interact with them. They can remember that you have visited a website, and this information can be shared with other organisations, including other advertisers. They cannot determine who you are though, as the data collected is never linked to your profile.
Back Button
Cookie List
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel