Terms and conditions
Copyright
All texts and photos are created by Autozine. The texts and pictures
may only be copied by other media with explicit written permission of
Autozine. Without this permission republishing of this material on other
websites, in magazines or other media is not allowed.
Contact
us for a quotation.
Disclaimer
Although the information on this website has been written with great
care, Autozine cannot be held liable for the completeness and accuracy of the contents.
This not only applies to the car reviews, but to all of the website contents
including the calendar
(date and times of events) and price lists (car prices and specs change
almost daily).
Autozine cannot be held liable for the opinions of car owners, as
displayed in the forums.
From time to time this website may include links to other websites. These links are provided
for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the
website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
Every effort is made to keep the website up and running smoothly. However, Autozine takes no
responsibility for, and will not be liable for, the website being temporarily unavailable due to
technical issues beyond our control.
Responsibility
The information contained within this website is merely an advice.
Any reliance you place on such information or advice is therefore strictly
at your own risk, for which Autozine shall not be liable.
The pictures and stories on this website are not meant to encourage
dangerous driving. The cars have been tested on a racetrack and/or prepared
stages, if necessary. Skilled, professional drivers have been used. Spectacular
stories are meant to show what a car is capable of, not to encourage the reader
to do the same.
Cookies
Cookies are small bits of data stored on the computer of the visitor. They can contain a unique
number, a user name, user preferences or other information. Cookies are not executables, therefore
they cannot snoop in the background or perform any task.
Autozine.co.uk uses advertisements from Google. Google uses cookies to learn about the
users interest while visiting different websites. In that way more relevant ads can be shown.
More information about the cookies used by Google can be found here:
http://www.google.com/intl/en-GB/policies/privacy/partners/
Autozine drops exactly one cookie (named  "ID") to prevent the cookie warning from
popping up repeatedly. This cookie is good for 30 days and contains a unique serial number. In this
way Autozine counts the number of unique visitors over the last 30 days. Autozine cannot access the
data collected by other parties using cookies and cannot link that data to its own cookie.
iPhone app
The Autozine iPhone app named "
Autozine.eu
" (also known as
"
eu.autozine.autozinemobile
" / "
AutozineMobile
" internally)
includes an auto-renewable subscription. This subscription disables advertisements,
allows for off-line reading of cached articles, gives access to historic car data
and offers extra wallpapers.
The subscription lasts for 3, 6 or 12 months and costs respectively €1.59, €3.99 or
€6.99 (UK prices: £1.19, £2.99, £5.49).
Payment will be charged to the user's iTunes account at confirmation of purchase.
The subscription automatically renews, unless auto-renew is turned off at least
24-hours before the end of the current period.
The account will be charged for renewal within 24-hours prior to the end of the
current period, and costs a further €1.59, €3.99 or €6.99 (UK prices: £1.19, £2.99, £5.49),
depending on the duration of the chosen subscription.
Subscriptions may be managed by the user and auto-renewal may be turned off
by going to the user's "Account Settings" at any time after purchase.
Cancellation of the current subscription is not allowed during an active subscription period.
Any unused portion of a free trial period, if offered, will be
forfeited when the user purchases a subscription to that publication.
iPad app
The Autozine iPad app named "
Autozine
" 
includes a subscription. This subscription disables advertisements,
allows for off-line reading of cached articles, enables custom made magazines
and offers extra wallpapers.
The app reads the iPad serial number to create a unique user account.
The app uses the unique serial number of the iPad to restore purchaes.
Privacy policy
This privacy policy sets out how Autozine uses and protects any information that you give
when you use the app. Autozine is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should 
we read any information by which you can be identified when using this app, then you can be assured
that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Autozine may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page
from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from June 2011.
Autozine collects the following information:
When subscribing, a unique device ID is stored in order to keep track of the subscripion. This
ID is not linked to any personal data like a name or home address.
When subscribing the device model (iPhone, iPod or iPad) and iOS version is stored. This helps
us to better aim the software at the user's device. Again: this is not linked to any personal data
like a name or home address.
While using the Autozine app, basic usage information may be stored. This is equal to the
data stored when browsing the website and gives insight in the number of pages requested.
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we
have your permission or are required by law to do so.
Autozine is are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent
unauthorised access or disclosure, Autozine has put in place suitable physical, electronic and
managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information collected.
Exotica game
Users can submit their own photos of exotic cars to the "Exotica" game. The game is available
on mobile devices. Autozine will only use these pictures in said
game and will not sell or redistribute them in any way. The user can request withdrawl
of the picture(s) by sending an e-mail to the
editor
at any time.
When submitting a picture an e-mail address is requested. This is used to let the photographer
know wether a photo has been rejected or submitted.
The name of the photographer is derived from the e-mail address and mentioned in the game
to give the photographer credit. The name is the part before the @-sign. Others cannot mail
or track the photographer since the domain name is not shown.
blog
-