Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Last Reviewed and Updated: January 25, 2024
See the prior versions of our Privacy Policy
here
.
1. Introduction
Bellabeat, Inc. and its affiliates (collectively, "
Bellabeat
," "
we
," "
us
," and/or "
our
") value the privacy of individuals who use our applications, websites (including https://bellabeat.com/, https://eu.bellabeat.com/, https://coach.bellabeat.com/, and https://lead.bellabeat.com/ (the "Sites"), the Bellabeat™ and Airi™ mobile apps and products, and other Bellabeat services that link to this privacy policy (collectively, the "
Service
"). This privacy policy (the "Privacy Policy") explains how we collect, use, and disclose Personal Data from end users of the Service (each a "
Registered User
").
As used in this Privacy Policy, "Personal Data" means any information that directly or indirectly relates to an identified or identifiable individual and is synonymous of "personal information." "Sensitive Personal Data" means Personal Data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade-union membership, genetic data, biometric data, and the processing of data concerning, health, sex life, sexual orientation, and other Personal Data considered sensitive under applicable law. By using the Service, you agree to the collection, use, and disclosure of your Personal Data as described in this Privacy Policy. Beyond this Privacy Policy, your use of the Service is also subject to our Terms of Use.
We may provide additional, different or supplemental privacy
          notices for specific services or activities that we provide access
          to. For example, if you use a Bellabeat Assistant chat, we may
          provide you with a privacy notice that governs how your
          personal information may be collected, used, and shared in
          connection with the use of this service.
If you are a California resident, please also review our
California Resident Privacy Notice
for more information about the types of personal data we collect and disclose, as well as how to exercise your rights under California law.
2. Personal Data We Collect From You
i) Personal Data You Provide to the Service
We may collect a variety of Personal Data from or about you or your devices from various sources, as described below.
If you do not provide your information when requested, you may not be able to use the Service if that information is necessary to provide you with the Service or if we are legally required to collect it.
Registered User Information
. When creating an account, completing a purchase, or using our Service, we collect e-mail address, first name, last name, date of birth, weight, company, address, phone number, shipping method, items ordered, discount information, method of payment, billing address, payment information, and the password from our Registered Users.
Communications
. If you contact us directly, we may receive Personal Data about you. For example, when you contact us for more information about Bellabeat, we may receive your name, email address, the contents of a message or attachments that you may send to us, and other information you choose to provide.
Health Information
. When using a Service, we may collect Personal Data related to pregnancy and general health, such as the first day of the last period, menstrual cycle, date of conception, audio recordings, estimated due date, activity goals, and other health goals. Depending on the device you use, the device may also collect data to estimate a variety of metrics, including physical activity, heart rate data, sleep data, steps and calories burned.
Surveys, Contests, or Promotions
. If you contact us or participate in a survey, contest, or promotion, we collect any Personal Data you submit to us, such as your name, contact information, the information requested for the survey, contest or promotion and the contents of your correspondence.
Information from Third-Party Services
. If you choose to link the Service to a third-party account such as Facebook Connect, we may receive Personal Data about you, including your profile information and your photo, your e-mail address, and a list of your friends. If you wish to limit the availability of such Personal Data to us, you should visit the privacy settings of your third-party accounts to learn about your options.
Sensitive Personal Data
. Personal Data relating to health, such as Personal Data about pregnancy may constitute Sensitive Personal Data. We process Sensitive Personal Data to provide the Service to you and to the extent necessary or appropriate for compliance with relevant legal or contractual obligations. If the Personal Data we collect constitutes Sensitive Personal Data, we may ask for your explicit consent to process such Sensitive Personal Data, or we may rely on another appropriate legal basis in compliance with applicable laws. We acquire such consent separately when you take actions resulting in us receiving your Sensitive Personal Data, for instance when you use the menstrual calendar feature. You are not obliged to give your explicit consent, and if you choose not to provide your consent, certain features of the Service may not work properly or otherwise may be fully unavailable to you. You can withdraw your consent at any time by using your account settings.
Careers
. If you wish to apply for a job with us, you may submit your contact information and your resume online. We will collect any Personal Data you choose to provide on your resume, such as your education and employment experience.
Payment Information
. If you make a purchase through the Service, your payment-related information, such as credit card or other financial information, is collected and processed by our third-party payment processor on our behalf.
Interacting with the Service
. You may choose to provide other information to help improve your experience on the Service or enable certain features of the Service. While interacting with the Service, for example syncing your device with our application or software, we receive and store certain information recorded on your device, such as your logs for exercise, sleep, steps taken, etc., which may not presently be used to specifically identify you. Data recorded on your device is transferred from your device to cloud storage space we use to store such data. Bellabeat may store such data in databases maintained by Bellabeat or its affiliates and service providers, such as Google Cloud Platform.
By using the Service and providing us with Personal Data, including Sensitive Personal Data, you are consenting to the processing of such Personal Data in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you provide Personal Data to the Service, you acknowledge and agree that such Personal Data may be transferred to certain third parties as discussed herein.
ii) Personal Data Collected Automatically
Location Information
. When you use the Service, we may infer your general location information, for example, by using your internet protocol (IP) address.
Device Information
. We may receive information about the device and software you use to access the Service, including IP address, web browser type, the type of device you are using, unique mobile device ID such as Apple IDFA, applications installed in a mobile device, and operating system version. The logging technology used on the Sites automatically collects the URL of the Site from which you came and the Site to which you are going when you leave the Sites.
Usage Information
. To help us understand how you use the Service and to help us improve it, we automatically receive information about your interactions with the Service, like the pages or other content you view, the purchases you make, the links you have clicked on, and the dates and times of your visits.
We and our third-party partners may collect Personal Data using cookies, which are small files of letters and numbers that we store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer. They contain information that is transferred to your computer’s hard drive.
We and our third-party partners may also use pixel tags and web beacons on the Service. These are tiny graphic images placed on web pages or in our emails that allow us to determine whether you have performed a specific action. We use cookies, beacons, invisible tags, and similar technologies (collectively "
Cookies
") to collect information about your browsing activities and to distinguish you from other users of the Service. This aids your experience when you use the Service and allows us to improve the functionality of the Service. Cookies can be used for performance management (i.e., collecting information on how the Service is being used for analytics purposes). They can also be used for functionality management, enabling us to make your visit more efficient by, for example, remembering language preferences, passwords, and log-in details. Below is an overview of the types of Cookies we and third parties may use to collect Personal Data.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
. Some Cookies are strictly necessary to make the Service available to you. We cannot provide you with the Service without this type of Cookie. We use the following necessary Cookies:
Name
More Information
Retention
Elementor
The website’s WordPress theme uses this cookie. It allows the websiteowner to implement or change the website’s content in real-time.
Never
JSESSIONID
General purpose platform session cookie, used by sites written in JSP. Usually used to maintain an anonymous user session by the server session.
session
wc_cart_hash_#
This cookie is provided by WooCommerce, to store items in shopping cart. Remembers what’s in your shopping cart.
session
wc_fragments_#
This cookie is provided by WooCommerce, to store items in shopping cart. Remembers what’s in your shopping cart.
session
enforce_policy
This cookie is provided by PayPal. The cookie is used in context with transactions on the website. The cookie is necessary for secure transactions.
1 year
Functional Cookies
. Functional Cookies are used to recognize you when you return to the Service. This enables us to adapt our content for you and remember your preferences. For example, we use functional Cookies to remember your choice of language or region. We use the following functional Cookies:
Name
More Information
Retention
localization
Flickr sets this Cookie to track usage of photo galleries embedded from Flickr.
1 year
locale_bar_accepted
Cookie for choice of currency by the user.
session
wc_cart_created
This cookie is provided by WooCommerce, to store items in shopping cart. Remembers what’s in your shopping cart.
session
__stripe_mid
This cookie allows the
meeting scheduler to function within the website.
1 year
__stripe_sid
This cookie allows the meeting scheduler to function within the website.
30 min
_vid_t
Third-party Cookie used by FingerprintJS to uniquely identify the current browser, used to prevent abuse.
1 year
_iidt
Third-party Cookie used by FingerprintJS to uniquely identify the current browser, used to prevent abuse.
1 year
Analytics, Marketing or Advertising Cookies
. We also use Cookies for website analytics purposes in order to operate, maintain and improve the Service. We may use our own analytics Cookies or use third-party analytics providers such as Google Analytics. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of the Service. For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy Terms web page:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
. We also encourage you to review the Google’s policy for safeguarding your data:
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245
. These providers may also collect information about your use of other websites, apps, and online resources.
Moreover, we use a service entitled Facebook Audience Insights, an analytics tool provided by Facebook, Inc. Facebook Insight analyzes, tracks, and distributes data collected in and through the Facebook pages of the Service for analytics and marketing purposes. For more information on how Facebook Audience Insights works please go to
https://www.facebook.com/business/learn/facebook-audience-insights
.
We also use the following analytics, marketing or advertising Cookies:
Name
More Information
Retention
_fbp
Used by Meta to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers.
3 months
_gid
Installed by Google Analytics, _gid Cookie stores information on how visitors use a website, while also creating an analytics report of the website’s performance. Some of the data collected include the number of visitors, their source, and the pages they visit anonymously.
1 day
_gat_#
A variation of the _gat Cookie set by Google Analytics and Google Tag Manager to allow website owners to track visitor behavior and measure performance of the Sites. The pattern element in the name contains the unique identity number of the account or website it relates to.
1 min
_ga_#
This Cookie is installed by Google Analytics.
2 year
_ga
The _ga Cookie, installed by Google Analytics, calculates visitor, session and campaign data and also keeps track of the usage of the Sites for analytics reports.
2 years
_pin_unauth
Registers a unique ID that identifies and recognizes the user. It is used for targeted advertising.
1 year
_pinterest_ct_ua
This Cookie is being set in relation to Pinterest Marketing.
1 year
_hjAbsoluteSessionInProgress
The Cookie is set so Hotjar can track the beginning of the user’s journey for a total session count.
30 min
_hjIncludedInPageviewSample
This Cookie is set to let Hotjar know whether that visitor is included in the data sampling defined by the Site’s pageview limit. This is needed to display the correct content to our visitors.
2 min
_hjIncludedInSessionSample
This Cookie is set to let Hotjar know whether that visitor is included in the data sampling defined by the Site’s daily session limit.
2 min
_hjFirstSeen
The Cookie is set so Hotjar, used by Recording filters to identify new user sessions.
30 min
wffn_*
The Cookies is by woofunnels plugins.
2 day
vuid
Vimeo installs this Cookie to collect tracking information by setting a unique ID to embed videos to the website
2 years
Please review your web browser’s "Help" file to learn the proper way to modify your Cookie settings. Please note that if you delete or choose not to accept Cookies from the Service, you may not be able to utilize the features of the Service to their fullest potential.
3. The Purposes for Which We Use The Data
We may use the Personal Data we collect:
To process your purchases and related transactions;
To set up and maintain your registration with the Service;
To communicate with you;
To protect our rights and/or our property;
To operate and improve our products and services;
To manage the Service;
To provide features available in the Service;
To develop, improve, and protect the Service;
For market research;
For marketing and advertising purposes; however, we will not use your Sensitive Personal Data without your explicit consent;
In anonymized and aggregated form for our internal business purposes where permitted by and in compliance with applicable law;
To send text messages push notifications;
To audit and analyze the Service;
To improve customer service;
To personalize user experiences;
To run a promotion, contest, survey, or other feature of the Service;
To personalize the Service;
To ensure the technical functionality and security of the Service;
To find, investigate and prevent fraud and other misuses, and respond to trust and safety issues that may arise;
For compliance purposes, including enforcing our Terms of Use or other legal rights, or as may be required by applicable laws and regulations or requested by any judicial process or government agency; and
For any other purpose for which we provide specific notice at the time the Personal Data is collected.
4. Legal Bases for Processing Personal Data
We may process your Personal Data where you have consented to such processing of your Personal Data. For example, we may ask for your consent to process your Sensitive Personal Data, or to use Cookies where you have consented to such use. To the extent allowed under applicable law, your consent may also be "implied" in certain cases, meaning that your agreement is assumed based on your action or inaction at the point of collection, use or sharing of your Personal Data.
If you are located in the European Economic Area ("
EEA
") or the United Kingdom ("
UK
"), we may also process your Personal Data when we have one of the below valid legal basis to do so:
Contractual Necessity
. We may process your Personal Data where required to provide you with the Service. For example, we may process your Personal Data to respond to your inquiries or requests.
Compliance with a Legal Obligation
. We may process your Personal Data where we have a legal obligation to do so. For example, we may process your Personal Data to comply with tax, labor, and accounting obligations.
Legitimate Interests
. We may process your Personal Data where we or a third party have a legitimate interest in processing your Personal Data. Specifically, we have a legitimate interest in processing your Personal Data for product development and internal analytics purposes, and otherwise to improve the safety, security, and performance of the Service. We only rely on our or a third party’s legitimate interests to process your Personal Data when these interests are not overridden by your rights and interests.
5. How We Disclose Data
We do not disclose Personal Data relating to our users to third parties except as stated below, as described at the time of collection or as authorized by applicable law.
Vendors and Service Providers
. We may disclose any information we receive with vendors and service providers retained in connection with the provision of the Service, such as hosting providers; payment processors; data analytics providers etc.
Affiliates
. We may disclose any information we received with entities to Bellabeat for the purposes detailed in this Privacy Policy.
Social Networks and Other Online Services
. The Service allows you to, upon your direction, disclose information to social networking services, such as Facebook and Instagram. You understand and agree that the use of such information by any social networking websites will be governed by the privacy policies of such third-party platforms and your settings on that platform. We encourage you to review their privacy policies.
Marketing
. We do not rent, sell, or share information about you with nonaffiliated companies for their direct marketing purposes, unless we have your permission.
Analytics Partners
. We use analytics services such as Google Analytics and Meta Pixels to collect and process certain analytics- and marketing-related data, such as data related to your use of the Service (including, e.g., your interactions with the Service) and your responses to surveys and other forms hosted on the Sites. Such data could include your Personal Data. These services may also collect information about your use of other websites, apps, and online resources. You can learn more about Google’s practices by visiting https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/. To help us understand how you use the Service and to help us improve it, we automatically receive information about your interactions with the Service, like the pages or other content you view and the dates and times of your visits.
As Required by Law and Similar Disclosures
. We may access, preserve, and disclose your Personal Data if we believe doing so is required or appropriate to: (a) comply with law enforcement requests and legal process, such as a court order or subpoena; (b) respond to your requests; or (c) protect your, our, or others’ rights, property, or safety. For the avoidance of doubt, the disclosure of your Personal Data may occur if you post any objectionable content on or through the Service.
Merger, Sale, or Other Asset Transfers
. We may transfer or disclose your Personal Data to service providers, advisors, potential transactional partners, actual or prospective acquirers, or other third parties in connection with the consideration, negotiation, or completion of a corporate transaction in which we are acquired by or merged with another company, or we sell, liquidate, or transfer all or a portion of our assets but only to the extent that your Personal Data is necessary for such transactions, in which case we will comply with applicable legal requirements.
Consent
. We may also disclose Personal Data from or about you or your devices with your permission.
6. Do Not Track Notice
There is no accepted standard on how to respond to Do Not Track signals, and we do not respond to such signals.
7. Your Rights
You may have the following rights with respect to the Personal Data we hold about you, including:
The right to know what Personal Data we hold about you
. If you would like to know what Personal Data we hold about you, please contact us at hi@bellabeat.com. We seek to promptly respond to your inquiry, respecting the legal deadlines when applicable. Moreover, if you are our Registered User, you can easily review the data that you have provided to the Service by logging in to the Service and reviewing your profile.
The right to have incomplete, incorrect, outdated, or unnecessary Personal Data corrected, deleted or updated
. The easiest way to correct, delete or update the Personal Data you have provided to the Service is to log in to the Service and enter the necessary changes in the profile settings of the Service. If you have additional questions regarding the correction, deletion or updating of the Personal Data we hold about you, please contact us at hi@bellabeat.com.
The right to opt out of receiving electronic direct marketing communications from us
. All electronic direct marketing communications that you may receive from us, such as e-mail messages and SMS-messages, give you an option of not receiving such communications from us in the future. If you have any additional questions about electronic direct marketing received from us, please contact us at hi@bellabeat.com.
The right to withdraw your consent
. You may also withdraw your consent to the processing of your Personal Data in accordance with this Privacy Policy at any time upon reasonable notice to Bellabeat in writing, subject to legal or contractual restrictions. To do so, please contact us at
hi@bellabeat.com
. The withdrawal of your consent may affect our ability to continue to provide you with the Services that you have or would like to receive because the continued processing of your personal data is necessary to make the Service available to you.
Your European Privacy Rights
. If you are located in the EEA or the UK, you have additional rights described below.
You may request access to the Personal Data we maintain about you, update and correct inaccuracies in your Personal Data, restrict or object to the processing of your Personal Data, have your Personal Data anonymized or deleted, as appropriate, or exercise your right to data portability to easily transfer your Personal Data to another company. In addition, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, including in your country of residence, place of work or where an incident took place.
You may withdraw any consent you previously provided to us regarding the processing of your Personal Data at any time and free of charge. We will apply your preferences going forward and this will not affect the lawfulness of the processing before you withdrew your consent.
You may exercise these rights by contacting us at hi@bellabeat.com. Before fulfilling your request, we may ask you to provide reasonable information to verify your identity. Please note that there are exceptions and limitations to each of these rights, and that while any changes you make will be reflected in active user databases instantly or within a reasonable period of time, we may retain Personal Data for backups, archiving, prevention of fraud and abuse, analytics, satisfaction of legal obligations, or where we otherwise reasonably believe that we have a legitimate reason to do so.
How to Block Cookies
. You can block Cookies by setting your internet browser to block some or all Cookies. However, if you use your browser settings to block all Cookies (including essential Cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of the Service. By using the Service, you consent to our use of Cookies and our processing of Personal Data collected through such Cookies, in accordance with this Privacy Policy. You can withdraw your consent at any time by deleting placed Cookies and disabling Cookies in your browser, or as explained below. You can change your browser settings to block or notify you when you receive a Cookie, delete Cookies or browse the Service using your browser’s anonymous usage setting. Please refer to your browser instructions or help screen to learn more about how to adjust or modify your browser settings. If you do not agree to our use of Cookies or similar technologies which store information on your device, you should change your browser settings accordingly. Where required by applicable law, you will be asked to consent to certain Cookies and similar technologies before we use or install them on your computer or other device.
8. Third Parties
The Service may contain links to other websites, products, or services that we do not own or operate. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of these third parties. Please be aware that this Privacy Policy does not apply to your activities on these third-party services or any information you disclose to these third parties. We encourage you to read their privacy policies before providing any information to them.
9. Data Retention and Data Security
We keep your account information as long as reasonably necessary for the above purposes or as required by law. Other information, such as data received by syncing your device with the application, we keep until you use your account settings or tools to delete the data or your account because we need this information to secure your individual statistics.
We make reasonable efforts to protect your Personal Data by using a combination of administrative, contractual, physical and electronic safeguards designed to improve the security of the Personal Data we maintain. However, as no electronic transmission or storage of information can be entirely secure, we can make no guarantees as to the security or privacy of your Personal Data.
10. International Transfer of Personal Data
Some elements of the Service may be hosted on servers located in countries outside your home country or province, such as in the EEA, the UK or in the United States ("U.S."). The laws applicable to the protection of Personal Data in such countries may be different from those applicable in your home country or province and may permit or require disclosure of the data to the law enforcement or national security authorities. If you choose to use the Service from the EEA, the UK or other regions of the world with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from US law, then please note that you are transferring your Personal Data outside of those regions to the US for storage and processing.
We may transfer Personal Data from the EEA or the UK to the U.S. and other third countries based on European Commission-approved or UK Government-approved Standard Contractual Clauses, or otherwise in accordance with applicable data protection laws. Also, we may transfer your Personal Data from the U.S. to other countries or regions in connection with storage and processing of data, fulfilling your requests, and operating the Service. By registering with the Service, you consent to Personal Data about you being transferred outside your home country. You can contact us at hi@bellabeat.com for more information about the data transfer tools that we use, and to obtain a copy if applicable.
11. Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect, maintain, or use Personal Data from children under 13 years of age (or under the age of majority pursuant to applicable privacy laws), and no parts of the Service are directed to children. If you learn that a child has provided us with Personal Data in violation of this Privacy Policy, you may alert us at hi@bellabeat.com.
12. Changes to the Privacy Policy
From time to time, we may change this Privacy Policy to harmonize it with changes in our privacy practices or for legal, regulatory or operational reasons, in compliance with applicable laws. You can tell when changes have been made to the Privacy Policy by referring to the Last Updated legend on top of this page. If we materially change the ways in which we use and disclose Personal Data, we will post a notice in the Service and send an e-mail to our Registered Users. Your continued use of the Service following any changes to this Privacy Policy constitutes your acceptance of such changes. If you do not agree to the changes in our Privacy Policy, it is your responsibility to stop using the Service.
13. Questions or Concerns?
Should you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, your privacy as it relates to the use of the Service, or the protection of the Personal Data we hold about you, please contact us via e-mail at hi@bellabeat.com or by mail at Bella Software, Savska Cesta 32, 10 00 Zagreb, Croatia (for EEA and UK residents) or Bellabeat, Inc. 1390 Market Street, Suite 200 San Francisco, California 94102 USA (for all other countries). We seek to promptly resolve any concerns you may have. Bella Software and Bellabeat Inc. have appointed a Data Protection Officer ("
DPO
") who can be reached at:
dp_officer@bellabeat.com
.
If you are located in the EEA or the UK, Bella Software is the controller of your Personal Data.