Privacy Policy
Imran Qureshi
built the
99 Names of Allah
app as
                  a Freemium app. This SERVICE is provided by
Imran Qureshi
at no cost and is intended for use as
                  is.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding my
                  policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal
                  Information if anyone decided to use my Service.
If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to
                  the collection and use of information in relation to this
                  policy. The Personal Information that I collect is
                  used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with
                  anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings
                  as in our Terms and Conditions, which are accessible at
99 Names of Allah
unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, I
                  may require you to provide us with certain personally
                  identifiable information. The information that
                  I request will be retained on your device and is not collected by me in any way.
The app does use third-party services that may collect
                    information used to identify you.
Link to the privacy policy of third-party service providers used
                    by the app
Google Play Services
AdMob
Apple App Store
Google Analytics for Firebase
Firebase Crashlytics
Log Data
I want to inform you that whenever you
                  use my Service, in a case of an error in the app
                  I collect data and information (through third-party
                  products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may
                  include information such as your device Internet Protocol
                  (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the
                  configuration of the app when utilizing my Service,
                  the time and date of your use of the Service, and other
                  statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are
                  commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent
                  to your browser from the websites that you visit and are
                  stored on your device's internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However,
                  the app may use third-party code and libraries that use
                  “cookies” to collect information and improve their services.
                  You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies
                  and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you
                  choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some
                  portions of this Service.
Service Providers
I may employ third-party companies and
                  individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
I want to inform users of this Service
                  that these third parties have access to their Personal
                  Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to
                  them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to
                  disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Platform services & hosting
These services have the purpose of hosting and running key components of this Application, therefore allowing the provision of this Application from within a unified platform. Such platforms provide a wide range of tools to the Owner – e.g. analytics, user registration, commenting, database management, e-commerce, payment processing – that imply the collection and handling of Personal Data.

                Some of these services work through geographically distributed servers, making it difficult to determine the actual location where the Personal Data are stored.
Apple App Store (Apple Inc.)
This Application is distributed on Apple's App Store, a platform for the distribution of mobile apps, provided by Apple Inc. By virtue of being distributed via this app store, Apple collects basic analytics and provides reporting features that enables the Owner to view usage analytics data and measure the performance of this Application. Much of this information is processed on an opt-in basis. Users may opt-out of this analytics feature directly through their device settings. More information on how to manage analysis settings can be found on this page.
Personal Data processed: Usage Data.

                Place of processing: United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Google Play Store (Google LLC)
This Application is distributed on the Google Play Store, a platform for the distribution of mobile apps, provided by Google LLC. By virtue of being distributed via this app store, Google collects usage and diagnostics data and share aggregate information with the Owner. Much of this information is processed on an opt-in basis. Users may opt-out of this analytics feature directly through their device settings. More information on how to manage analysis settings can be found on this page.
                Personal Data processed: Usage Data.

                Place of processing: United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Handling Payments
Unless otherwise specified, this Application processes any payments by credit card, bank transfer or other means via external payment service providers. In general and unless where otherwise stated, Users are requested to provide their payment details and personal information directly to such payment service providers. This Application isn't involved in the collection and processing of such information: instead, it will only receive a notification by the relevant payment service provider as to whether payment has been successfully completed.
Payments processed via the Google Play Store (Google LLC)
This Application uses a payment service provided by Google LLC that allows the Owner to offer the purchase of the app itself or in-app purchases. Personal Data processed to complete the purchases are processed by Google, as described in the privacy policy for the Google Play store.
Personal Data processed: payment info.
Place of processing: United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Payments processed via the Apple App Store (Apple Inc.)
This Application uses a payment service provided by Apple Inc. that allows the Owner to offer the purchase of the app itself or in-app purchases. Personal Data processed to complete the purchases are processed by Apple, as described in the privacy policy for the App Store.
Personal Data processed: payment info.
Place of processing: United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Advertising
This type of service allows User Data to be utilized for advertising communication purposes. These communications are displayed in the form of banners and other advertisements on this Application, possibly based on User interests.
This does not mean that all Personal Data are used for this purpose. Information and conditions of use are shown below.
Some of the services listed below may use Trackers to identify Users or they may use the behavioral retargeting technique, i.e. displaying ads tailored to the User’s interests and behavior, including those detected outside this Application. For more information, please check the privacy policies of the relevant services.
Services of this kind usually offer the possibility to opt out of such tracking. In addition to any opt-out feature offered by any of the services below, Users may learn more on how to generally opt out of interest-based advertising within the dedicated section "How to opt-out of interest-based advertising" in this document.
AdMob (Google LLC)
AdMob is an advertising service provided by Google LLC.
In order to understand Google's use of Data, consult
Google's Partner Policy
.
                Personal Data processed: Tracker; unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example); Usage Data.
Place of processing: United States –
Privacy Policy
–
Opt Out
.
Analytics
The services contained in this section enable the Owner to monitor and analyze web traffic and can be used to keep track of User behavior.
Google Analytics for Firebase (Google LLC)
Google Analytics for Firebase or Firebase Analytics is an analytics service provided by Google LLC.
In order to understand Google's use of Data, consult
Google's partner policy
.
Firebase Analytics may share Data with other tools provided by Firebase, such as Crash Reporting, Authentication, Remote Config or Notifications. The User may check this privacy policy to find a detailed explanation about the other tools used by the Owner. This Application uses identifiers for mobile devices and technologies similar to cookies to run the Firebase Analytics service. Users may opt-out of certain Firebase features through applicable device settings, such as the device advertising settings for mobile phones or by following the instructions in other Firebase related sections of this privacy policy, if available.
Personal Data processed: Application opens; device information; geography/region; In-app purchases; launches; number of sessions; number of Users ; operating systems; session duration; unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example); Usage Data.
Place of processing: United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Managing contacts and sending messages
This type of service makes it possible to manage a database of email contacts, phone contacts or any other contact information to communicate with the User.
                These services may also collect data concerning the date and time when the message was viewed by the User, as well as when the User interacted with it, such as by clicking on links included in the message.
Firebase Cloud Messaging (Google LLC)
Firebase Cloud Messaging is a message sending service provided by Google LLC.
Firebase Cloud Messaging allows the Owner to send messages and notifications to Users across platforms such as Android, iOS, and the web. Messages can be sent to single devices, groups of devices, or specific topics or User segments.
Personal Data processed: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing: United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Security
I value your trust in providing us your
                  Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially
                  acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method
                  of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic
                  storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot
                  guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on
                  a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note
                  that these external sites are not operated by me.
                  Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the
                  Privacy Policy of these websites. I have
                  no control over and assume no responsibility for the content,
                  privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or
                  services.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13.
                    I do not knowingly collect personally
                    identifiable information from children under 13 years of age. In the case
                    I discover that a child under 13 has provided
                    me with personal information, I immediately
                    delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian
                    and you are aware that your child has provided us with
                    personal information, please contact me so that
                    I will be able to do the necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
I may update our Privacy Policy from
                  time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page
                  periodically for any changes. I will
                  notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on
                  this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about my
                  Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at imranappsdpo@gmail.com.