Clough Group LLC (“Joseph Clough,” “We,” “Us,” “Our”) provides various coaching services, products, and goods through this Website (the “Service”, "program", "material", "membership"). This Service is offered subject to Your acceptance of these Terms as well as any relevant sections of the Clough Group LLC (including josephclough.info, josephclough.com, mobile apps),  and its Terms and Conditions and  Privacy Policy.
BY VISITING THIS PAGE, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU:
a) HAVE READ THESE TERMS,
b) UNDERSTAND THESE TERMS, AND
c) ACCEPT AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THEM.
Mobile App Terms & Conditions
The information with this website or apps or work online, emails, techniques and exercises provided within these free and paid products are for
educational purposes only.
Do not use the techniques or exercises contained within some of these products whilst driving or operating machinery, or if you suffer from epilepsy, clinical depression or any other nervous or psychiatric conditions.
The information provided is
NOT
a substitute for proper medical advice. If in doubt, please consult your doctor or licensed medical practitioner before using any of Joseph Clough's free or paid material.
Any decision you make having received any of Joseph Clough's products or services are your own and you remain wholly responsible for any decisions and actions you take.
Health Policy
You are only allowed to attend/use our sessions, programs (on or offline), podcast, in-apps, training courses/workshops or retreats unless you are of good enough health to get to and from the location without support and look after yourself during your time with us (on or offline).
No claims are being made that our methods can heal physical conditions. Our programs (on or offline) podcast, in-apps, courses, sessions, retreats or products should not substitute for the advice and treatment of a physician, doctor or other licensed health-care professional.
By using Joseph Clough's free or paid work or apps you expressly agree that your use it at your sole risk and will not hold Joseph Clough or Clough Group LLC responsible for any results or experiences.
Privacy Policy:
Your use of the Website is also subject to the Company’s Privacy Policy. Please review our
Privacy Policy
, which also governs the Website/Apps and informs users of our data collection practices. Your agreement to the Privacy Policy is hereby incorporated into these Terms of Use.
Joseph Clough's websites, apps and programs takes your privacy seriously. We do not share any information with anyone else and if you sign up to our newsletter you will only receive emails from us and no one else.
Use of Cookies and Pixels (Website Only)
Similar to other commercial websites, our website utilizes a standard technology called “cookies” and server logs to collect information about how our site is used. Information gathered through cookies and server logs may include the date and time of visits, the pages viewed, time spent at our site, and the websites visited just before and just after our own, as well as your IP address.
A cookie is a very small text document, which often includes an anonymous unique identifier. When you visit a website, that site’s computer asks your computer for permission to store this file in a part of your hard drive specifically designated for cookies. Each website can send its own cookie to your browser if your browser’s preferences allow it, but (to protect your privacy) your browser only permits a website to access the cookies it has already sent to you, not the cookies sent to you by other sites.
The Company reserves the right to use technological equivalents of cookies, including social media pixels. These pixels allow social media sites to track visitors to outside websites so as to tailor advertising messages users see while visiting that social media website. The Company reserves the right to use these pixels in compliance with the policies of the various social media sites.
Things You May Not Do
The App, Course Materials, Audios, Videos and Documentation are protected by United States copyright laws and international treaties. You must treat the Materials and Documentation like any other copyrighted material-for example, a book. You may NOT:
You may NOT copy the Materials or Documentation.
You may NOT modify or adapt the Materials or Documentation or merge it into another program.
You may NOT place the Course Materials or Documentation onto a server so that it is accessible via a public network such as the Internet, or Sublicense, rent, lease or lend any portion of the Course or Documentation.
Transfers
Apple and Android do not share your purchases, so transferring between different platforms is not possible.
You may NOT transfer your rights to use the Course Materials and Documentation to another person.
No Guarantees As To Results
As set forth more fully in the these terms and conditions, you agree that the Company has not made any guarantees about the results of taking any action, whether recommended on this Website or not. The Company provides educational and informational resources that are intended to help users of this Website succeed. You nevertheless recognize that your ultimate success or failure will be the result of your own efforts, your particular situation, and innumerable other circumstances beyond the control and/or knowledge of the Company.
You also recognize that prior results do not guarantee a similar outcome. Thus, the results obtained by others – whether clients of the Company or otherwise – applying the principles set out in this Website/App are no guarantee that you or any other person or entity will be able to obtain similar results.
No Refunds
Unless otherwise stated in writing with respect to particular Services offered for sale via this Website, Clough Group/Joseph Clough abides by a strict, no refund policy. By accepting these Terms, You agree and understand that you are foregoing the right to claim any refund of fees paid for access and use of the Services offered via this Website. If products are purchased via other platforms i.e Apple, you must contact them directly for a refund as other platforms sell on our behalf.
Mobile App Subscriptions:
We are unable to cancel any subscriptions on your behalf, as only YOU can do so, as we do not have access to your account information.
Renewals Of Subscriptions Via Our Own Platforms:
We endeavor to contact you via email that renewal is approaching on annual subscriptions (however not guaranteed, so note your enrollment date and set up a reminder) and the program we automatically renewal 365 days later for the same annual fee (you will NOT be charged any increased prices for memberships), unless we are notified by email, that you wish to cancel.
Terms of Subscription Renewal
Mind Mastery Membership Subscriptions automatically renew each month, quarter, bi-annual or yearly at the stated retail price upon signing up and until the subscription buyer notifies the company that they wish to cancel.  Refer to Refund Policy And Subscription Cancellations section above.
Termination Of Membership
Joseph Clough and Clough Group LLC is committed to providing all clients with a positive program experience and is also very protective of any of. It is a special program and he holds the right to terminate any program at his discretion. By purchasing any program, Client and Customers agrees that the Joseph may, at his sole discretion, terminate any program, and limit, suspend, or terminate Client’s participation in the Program without refund or forgiveness of monthly payments if Client becomes disruptive to Company or Participants, Client fails to follow the Program guidelines, is difficult to work with, impairs the participation of the other participants in the Program, upon violation of the terms as determined by Company or where Joseph feels as a member you are not a good fit for any program. Client will still be liable to pay the total contract amount. Once canceled the user will no longer have access to Mind Mastery, any training platform or its content.
On all Joseph Clough/Program forums or groups you must keep topics on track to self-improvement and development only. No drama, no excuses.
Accounts
As part of the registration or account creation process (via our own platforms), You will create or receive personally identifying login credentials. Certain personally identifying information, such as email address, phone number, billing address and even payment information (as may be applicable to particular Services which may be offered for sale via this Website), may also be required. Such registration information must be accurate and current.
The benefits, rights, and obligations afforded under these Terms are personal to You. You agree not to assign, sublicense, transfer, pledge, sell, lease, rent, lend, or otherwise dispose of the Services and materials (including, but not limited to, audio and/or visual presentations, documentation, software, printed or digital materials, and other elements characterizing Our Services, also known as the “Content”) on this Website, or any part of such Content, or share your rights under these Terms to and with others.
You agree that You will not provide false information to Us in generating Your account. Specifically, You agree that you will not
(i)
select or use the login credentials of another person or company with the intent to impersonate that person or company; or
(ii)
use login credentials in which another person or company has rights without such person’s or company’s authorization.
Failure to comply with the foregoing shall constitute a breach of these Terms, which may result in immediate suspense or termination of your account.
Only authorized users, who have duly attained access to the Content by personally agreeing to these Terms are permitted participation in and use of the Services, Content, and related materials. Except as expressly authorized by these Terms. You shall not provide or make available any Content, or any license key to any third party, or use the Content, or any license key, to teach any third party any portion of the Services or for any purpose other than exercising rights expressly granted to you by these Terms.
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of Your login credentials. We reserve the right to terminate or suspend Your access to the Services if You share Your credentials or transfer such credentials to another party.
You are responsible for all usage or activity on your account on this Website and related Social Media, including use of the account by any third party authorized by you to use your login credentials.
Earnings Disclaimer
Every effort has been made to accurately represent this product/service and it’s potential. In terms of earnings, there is no guarantee that you will earn any money using the techniques and ideas in this material or on this website. Information presented on this website is not to be interpreted as a promise or guarantee of earnings. Earning potential is entirely dependent on the person using our product, ideas and techniques.
Any claims made of actual earnings or examples of actual results can be verified upon request. Your level of success in attaining the results claimed in our materials depends on the time you devote to the program, ideas and techniques mentioned, your finances, knowledge and various skills. Since these factors differ according to individuals, we cannot guarantee your success or income level.
Any and all forward looking statements here or on any of our sales material are intended to express our opinion of earnings potential. Many factors will be important in determining your actual results and no guarantees are made that you will achieve results similar to ours or anyone else's. No guarantees are made that you will achieve any results from our ideas and techniques in our material.
VISITORS’ GDPR RIGHTS
If you are within the European Union, you are entitled to certain information and have certain rights under the General Data Protection Regulation. Those rights include:
We will retain the any information you choose to provide to us until the earlier of: (a) you asking us to delete the information, (b) our decision to cease using our existing data providers, or (c) the Company decides that the value in retaining the data is outweighed by the costs of retaining it.
You have the right to request access to your data that the Company stores and the rights to either rectify or erase your personal data.
You have the right to seek restrictions on the processing of your data.
You have the right to object to the processing of your data and the right to the portability of your data.
To the extent that you provided consent to the Company’s processing of your personal data, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time, without affecting the lawfulness of processing based upon consent that occurred prior to your withdrawal of consent.
You have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority that has jurisdiction over issues related to the General Data Protection Regulation.
We require only the information that is reasonably required to enter into a contract with you. We will not require you to provide consent for any unnecessary processing as a condition of entering into a contract with us.
CONTACT US
Clough Group LLC welcomes your questions or comments regarding the Terms And Conditions:
Clough Group LC
3451 Via Montebello, Suite 192 -
418
Carlsbad CA 92009
Email Address: support@josephclough.com
Effective as of Dec 8, 2020