Privacy Policy
Woodward Community Media PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy governs the way Woodward Community Media, a division of Woodward Communications, Inc. manages your personal information. This policy applies to this Radio Station website only. All This Privacy Policy describes the types of Personal Information that we collect, how we collect it, why we collect it and what we use it for.   We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time to better serve your needs. Please be sure to continue to check this Privacy Policy from time to time as it may change without notice.
What Information Do We Collect?
There are two kinds of personal information that we may collect. The first is personally identifiable information such as your name, birth date, address, email address, name, date of birth, address, city and state of residence, postal code, phone number, gender and email address. This is the information we collect in order for you to become a Loyalty Club member. We only collect such personal information with your consent. When you become a Loyalty Club member, enter a contest, post a comment on a social media feed, or submit a photo or video, you will be consenting to the collection, use and distribution of your personal information by Radio Station for the purposes of running the contest and marketing (for example, a contest sponsor may contact you about a prize that you may have won).
We may also collect any other information that you voluntarily provide to us such as your personal preferences (i.e. favorite movie), hobbies, occupation and interests. Personally identifiable information is only collected when you provide this information to us voluntarily. You can amend, modify, delete or access your personal information that we collect about you at any time.
We do not collect any personal information from any child that is under thirteen years of age.
The other type of personal information that we collect is non-identifiable personal information or aggregated information such as your IP address, your web browser or internet service provider. This is information that cannot be traced back to you and is collected for statistical purposes. Non-identifiable information includes anonymous aggregated information such as the type of browser you are using or your computer’s operating system. We use “cookies” which is a small computer file that creates a small computer file stores on your computer’s hard drive which can then help us ascertain non-identifiable generic information and patterns about visitors to our websites. Cookies do not contain any personal information. Your browser software will allow you to delete cookies if you do not wish us to collect this information from you.
Why We Collect Personal Information
We collect personal information so that you can: (i) enter contests; (ii) participate in our website activities (such as submitting photos or videos, participating in blogs and posting comments and opinions); and (iii) receive any newsletters or special offers when you “opt-in” to receive such information or offers. When you become a Loyalty Club member, we collect certain personal identifiable information from you in order to participate in the above-mentioned activities. We may use non-personally identifiable aggregate information to help us improve our website and tailor it to the types of visitors we get by assessing general usage patterns and demographic information.
The purpose of our collection of information is so that we can: (i) administer contests (select entrants and determine prize winners); (ii) respond to your questions or comments: (iii) administer our social media feeds; and (iv) keep aggregate information on website use.
What We Do with the Information We Collect
Any personal information you provide will be kept confidential and only used for the specific purposes it was collected for. We will not disclose or sell your personal information to any third party unless required by law or with your consent. We may share this information with third parties who need such personal information to provide services on behalf of Radio Station. However, these third parties are required to maintain the confidentiality of such personal information and are prohibited from using the personal information for any other purpose. For instance, by participating and entering contests, submitting photos or videos and commenting on our social media feeds, you will have consented to the sharing of your personal information with co-sponsors of any contest or with any sponsor or third-party participant providing services on our behalf.
Your consent to our use of personal information can be withdrawn at any time. For instance, you can always “opt-out” of receiving any special offers or our newsletter at any time if you change your mind down the road.   We will not keep your personal information longer than what is reasonably required for the original purpose it was collected for.
Links to other sites
Please note that although we may provide links to other sites, Radio Station is in no way responsible for the privacy practices of these sites.
Security
Radio Station ensures that we have reasonable technical measures in place to protect your privacy and keep your information secure. As such, we maintain all personal information in a secure database behind a firewall.
Jurisdiction
All matters relating to the use of the Radio Station website is governed by the laws of Wisconsin, as applicable and you submit to the jurisdiction of the courts of the state of Wisconsin.
Privacy Contact
If you have any concerns or questions about the collection of your personal information (including withdrawing, accessing, updating and amending your personal information or if you wish to “opt-out” from receiving our online newsletters or special offers, you can contact us the address below:
Woodward Community Media
Privacy Policy Contact
2800 E. College Ave.,
Appleton, WI 54915
On Air Now
Dan Brown
7:00 PM - 11:00 PM
Search