ADVERTISE
HEALTH SPECIALISTS
PRESS RELEASE
Effective date June 18, 2020 - Updated
PRIVACY POLICY
1) Scope of Privacy Policy
The Adam4Adam (A4A Network Inc) Privacy Policy may be found below. In this
                                    Privacy Policy, we describe the information that we collect about you, that
                                    you provide to us and will be processed by us as you use our mobile apps
                                    and other services. Your use of the mobile apps and services constitutes
                                    your acceptance of the terms and conditions of the Adam4Adam Privacy
                                    Policy, of our recently updated User Agreement and of the Adam4Adam
                                    Community Guidelines. You are responsible for reviewing and becoming
                                    familiar with all of these terms. By providing us with your personal data
                                    when using the mobile apps and services, you agree to the practices
                                    described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy
                                    Policy, please do not access or use the Adam4Adam mobile apps and services.
Adam4adam has created this privacy policy because we value our members and
                                    recognize their right to keep personal information private. This statement
                                    discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for the
                                    Adam4Adam mobile apps and other services. We believe very strongly that
                                    private information should remain private. We'd like to hear your feedback
                                    about this statement. If you have comments or questions, please Contact Us.
Except as otherwise expressly discussed in this Privacy Policy, this
                                    document only addresses the use and disclosure of information we collect
                                    from you. To the extent that you disclose your information to other
                                    parties, whether they are other members of Adam4Adam or other sites/apps
                                    throughout the Internet, different rules may apply to their use or
                                    disclosure of the personal information you disclose to them.
2) Information we collect and how we use it
Cookies
Our services set cookies to administer our products, to gather broad
                                    demographic information, to deliver content requested by you or specific to
                                    your interests, to customize our mobile apps and services for you, and to
                                    save your username and city so that you don't have to enter it each time
                                    you visit.
What are cookies?
Cookies are small text files containing a string of characters that can be
                                    placed on your computer or mobile device that uniquely identifies your
                                    browser or device. We may use technologies like cookies, pixels and local
                                    storage to deliver, secure, and understand products, services, and ads.
A cookie is a small line of data that is stored on your hard drive or
                                    device. Some cookies are only stored for the duration of a single browser
                                    session; others persist across sessions. We only save your password and
                                    member name if you tell us to do so; your password is encrypted, stored on
                                    your computer or device and transferred over the Internet in an encrypted
                                    format. Keep in mind that anyone using your Web browser or device would be
                                    able to access the Adam4Adam apps and services as you if you choose to
                                    store your member name and password. Adam4Adam's Web servers also set
                                    session ID cookies that are used to allow our servers to deliver
                                    information you request (e.g., search results). Members who do not want to
                                    receive cookies can instruct their Web browsers to refuse them; however,
                                    doing so may prevent most parts of Adam4Adam's apps from working (e.g.,
                                    anything that requires login, including member chat, etc). While cookies
                                    set by Adam4Adam may be used to collect personally identifiable information
                                    and can be traced to an individual user, this personally identifiable
                                    information is used only for internal purposes.
Some cookies expire after a certain amount of time, or upon logging out
                                    (session cookies), others remain on your computer or terminal device for a
                                    longer period (persistent cookies). Our apps use first party cookies
                                    (cookies set directly by Adam4Adam) as well as third party cookies, as
                                    described below. For more details on cookies please visit All About
                                    Cookies.
Type of Cookies Used. The apps use the following technologies:
- Strictly Necessary Cookies: Used to provide Users with the Services
                                    available through our apps to use some of their features, such as the
                                    ability to log-in and access to secure areas. These cookies are served by
                                    Adam4Adam and are essential for using and navigating the apps. Without
                                    these cookies, basic functions of our apps would not work. Because these
                                    cookies are strictly necessary to deliver our Services, you cannot refuse
                                    them.
- Analytics/Performance: Used to better understand the behavior of the
                                    Users on our apps and improve our aps accordingly, for example by making
                                    sure Users are finding what they need easily. The apps use Google Analytics
                                    and Yandex, web analytic services. The information collected by Google and
                                    Yandex (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by
                                    Google and Yandex on their secured servers. How long a Google Analytics and
                                    Yandex cookie remains on your device depends on what it is and what it is
                                    used for. Some Google Analytics and Yandex cookies expire at the end of
                                    your browser session, whilst others can remain for up to two years.
Please note that if you limit the ability of our apps to set cookies, you
                                    may be unable to access certain parts of our services and you may not be
                                    able to benefit from the full functionality of Adam4adam.
Registration Form
Membership on the mobile apps and services is completely optional.
                                    Adam4Adam's registration form requires users to give their email address.
                                    On our join form, required fields are marked. Adam4Adam will never share
                                    email addresses with third party organizations without your express
                                    permission.
You may select during the registration process to allow us to use your
                                    email address to send newsletters and promotional emails related to
                                    Adam4Adam and our services. You can stop (opt-out) from receiving
                                    promotional emails at any time if you unsubscribe by following the
                                    unsubscribe link at the bottom of any email communication or by accessing
                                    your account settings. If you unsubscribe from receiving promotional emails
                                    we can still send communication email related to your activities on
                                    Adam4Adam.
Control of Your Password
Do not disclose your password to any third parties nor share it with any
                                    third parties. If you lose control of your password, you may lose control
                                    over your personal information and may be subject to legally binding
                                    actions taken on your behalf. Therefore, if your password has been
                                    compromised for any reason, you should immediately change your password. To
                                    change your password you can do so at any time through the MY ACCOUNT page
                                    then click Change Password.
Order Forms
When purchasing products or services on the Adam4Adam apps, you're asked
                                    for credit card and billing information. This information is transmitted
                                    using a secure, encrypted form. You can see that the transaction is secure
                                    from the fact that the URL begins with the secure address https:// and we
                                    ensure encryption through the use of standard SSL encryption technologies.
                                    This credit card information is gathered to bill customers for services
                                    purchased. Only billing vendors have access to financial information and
                                    only for the purpose of billing customers. At times Adam4Adam may refer
                                    users to other Web sites to purchase products or services. User activity on
                                    those sites is covered by the privacy policies on those sites.
Community Tools
Adam4Adam provides many venues for member interaction and community. In
                                    some cases use of such tools (e.g., chat rooms) may reveal a user's member
                                    name or e-mail address and may permit users to publish certain personal
                                    information on the Adam4Adam apps. In all cases, users affirmatively choose
                                    to expose or place this information in public areas (e.g. profile page) of
                                    the Adam4Adam apps, and thereby agree that such information may be viewed
                                    by or forwarded to anyone. Users who do not want this information to be
                                    publicly available should not post in public areas of the Adam4Adam apps.
Adam4Adam Profiles and ProAds
This information is also
                                    stored for the purposes of member self-publishing and interaction and to
                                    customize the user's Adam4Adam app experience. By registering for Adam4Adam
                                    Profiles or ProAd and submitting your user information, you understand that
                                    the information provided in the profile or ProAd, including your
                                    photograph, may be forwarded by members to other members and to persons who
                                    are not members. Adam4Adam will not knowingly collect Profile or ProAd
                                    information from those under the age of 18.
Member Feedback
Adam4Adam stores feedback members send to us. This feedback is used to
                                    administer and refine the Adam4Adam and associated services and at times
                                    may be shared with Adam4Adam partners either in aggregate form or
                                    individually with specific identifying characteristics about the Member
                                    (e.g., e-mail address or name) removed.
IP Addresses
Adam4Adam tracks individual IP addresses to help diagnose problems with our
                                    service, to administer our site, apps and to gather broad demographic
                                    information. User IP address information is used only for our internal
                                    purposes.
Location Information
We may receive information about your location. For example, you may choose
                                    to publish your location in your Adam4Adam profile and when you set your
                                    trend location on the apps. We may also determine location by using other
                                    data from your device, such as precise location information from GPS,
                                    information about wireless networks or cell towers near your mobile device,
                                    or your IP address.
Information We Receive From Your Use of Our service
When you use our services, the following information is created and
                                    automatically logged in our systems:
Log data: Information (“log data”) that your browser or device
                                    automatically sends whenever you visit the apps when you use it. Log data
                                    includes your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address (so we understand which
                                    country you are connecting from when you visit the app), browser type and
                                    settings, the date and time of your request, and how you interacted with
                                    our services.
Device information: Includes type of device you are using, operating
                                    system, settings, unique device identifiers, network information and other
                                    device-specific information. Information collected may depend on the type
                                    of device you use and its settings.
Usage Information: We collect information about how you use our services,
                                    such as the types of content that you view or engage with, the features you
                                    use, the actions you take, the other Users you interact with and the time,
                                    frequency and duration of your activities.
How we use information
We use your personal data for the following purposes:
To authenticate our users and provide our services. This processing is
                                    necessary to perform the contract with you. As necessary for certain
                                    legitimate business interests, which include the following:
To respond to your inquiries and fulfill your requests for products and
                                        services;
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations,
                                        personalized advertising and content (please read below to learn how we
                                        use Personal Data for targeted advertisement). For example, we use
                                        information on your use of Services features, including information
                                        that we obtain through cookies, to better understand your needs and
                                        interests in order to personalize your experience with our Services by
                                        presenting products and offers tailored to your interests. We use your
                                        public information and your location information (described above) to
                                        infer what topics you may be interested in, and to customize the
                                        content we show you, including ads, with more relevant content like
                                        local trends, stories, ads, and suggestions for people to follow; We
                                        provide advertisers with reports about the kinds of people seeing their
                                        ads and how their ads are performing, but we don't share information
                                        that personally identifies you (information such as your name or email
                                        address that by itself can be used to contact you or identifies who you
                                        are).
To send administrative information to you, for example, information
                                        regarding the apps, and changes to our terms, conditions, and policies;
To provide, maintain and improve the content and functionality of our
                                        services. For example, we regularly fix bugs or user experience issues
                                        that may be tied to particular user accounts. We use cookies to analyze
                                        how Users interact with our Services. And that analysis can help us
                                        build better Services.
To conduct research, and provide reporting to third parties;
If you ask us to delete your data and we are required to fulfil your
                                        request, to keep basic data to identify you and prevent further
                                        unwanted processing;
To prevent fraud or criminal activity, misuses of our products or
                                        services, and ensure the security of our IT systems, architecture and
                                        networks;
To (a) comply with legal obligations and legal process, (b) respond to
                                        requests from public and government authorities including public and
                                        government authorities outside your country of residence; (c) enforce
                                        our Terms of Use; (d) protect our operations or those of any of our
                                        affiliates; (e) protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or
                                        that of our affiliates, you or others; and (f) allow us to pursue
                                        available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain, as
                                        required or permitted by the law.
For individuals in the EU, please see the “European Union (EU) Users”
                                        section below for information on what we mean by legitimate interests
                                        and your rights.
Marketing. We may contact you to tell you about services or products we
                                        believe will be of interest to you. If we do, where required by law,
                                        for example if you are a User in the European Union (“EU”), we will
                                        only send you marketing information if you consent to us doing so at
                                        the time you provide us with your Personal Data. You may opt-out of
                                        receiving such emails by following the instructions contained in each
                                        promotional email we send you or by updating your user settings. In
                                        addition, if at any time you do not wish to receive future marketing
                                        communications, please contact us at
legal@adam4adam.com.
We will
                                        continue to contact you via email regarding the provision of our
                                        Services and to respond to your requests.
Targeted Advertisement. Adam4Adam may display targeted advertisements
                                        based on Personal Data. Third parties (including ad serving companies)
                                        may assume that Users who interact with, view, or click targeted
                                        advertisements meet the targeting criteria (e.g., men ages 18–24 from a
                                        particular geographic area). Adam4Adam does not provide any Personal
                                        Data to the advertiser when a User interacts with or views a targeted
                                        advertisement. However, please be aware that by interacting with or
                                        viewing an advertisement the third party may make the assumption that
                                        you meet the targeting criteria used to display the advertisement.
Publicly posted information
This Privacy Policy shall not apply to any information you post to the
                                    public areas of our services. Comments posted to public areas may be
                                    viewed, accessed, and used by third parties subject to those parties’
                                    privacy practices and policies.
3) When and why we share information
Adam4Adam reserves the right to share some or all of your personal
                                    information with its parent company, subsidiaries, joint ventures or other
                                    companies assisting us to meet business requirements and operations. If
                                    Adam4Adam is acquired by another company, that company will obtain the
                                    member information collected by Adam4Adam and will assume the rights and
                                    obligations set forth in this privacy policy regarding that information.
Notwithstanding anything else in this policy, Adam4Adam may also disclose
                                    personal and aggregate information when required by a valid legal mechanism
                                    such as a search warrant, subpoena, or court order, or when we deem it
                                    necessary, in our sole discretion, to protect our rights and the safety of
                                    others, or our members, employees, or properties.
Adam4Adam believes that members' private communications in chat rooms,
                                    e-mail, and instant message-like conversations should generally remain
                                    confidential. Adam4Adam does not disclose private communications unless
                                    ordered to do so through a valid legal mechanism such as a search warrant,
                                    subpoena, or court order, to protect the company's rights and property, or
                                    during emergencies when we believe safety is at risk. Please remember that
                                    what you write or post in public areas such as chat rooms and message
                                    boards is available to all Adam4Adam members, and in many cases other
                                    visitors to the Adam4Adam apps. Also keep in mind that Adam4Adam is not
                                    responsible for what other users may do with private communications you've
                                    had with them. While chat and instant message-like conversations pass
                                    through Adam4Adam's servers, we do not store logs of these conversations.
We may share or disclose your information at your direction, such as when
                                    you authorize a third-party service to access your account or when you
                                    voluntarily share information or content via our services. Other Users may
                                    share or disclose information about you, such as when they mention you.
There are certain circumstances in which we may share your Personal Data
                                    with certain third parties without further notice to you, unless required
                                    by the law, as set forth below:
Vendors and Service Providers: To assist us in meeting business
                                        operations needs and to perform certain services and functions:
                                        providers of hosting, email communication and customer support
                                        services, analytics, marketing, advertising (for more details on the
                                        third parties that place cookies through the site and apps, please see
                                        the “Cookies” section). Pursuant to our instructions, these parties
                                        will access, process or store Personal Data in the course of performing
                                        their duties to us.
Business Transfers: If we are involved in a merger, acquisition,
                                        financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, sale
                                        of all or a portion of our assets, or transition of service to another
                                        provider, your Personal Data and other information may be transferred
                                        to a successor or affiliate as part of that transaction along with
                                        other assets.
Legal Requirements: If required to do so by law or in the good faith
                                        belief that such action is necessary to (i) comply with a legal
                                        obligation, (ii) protect and defend our rights or property, (iii) act
                                        in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of Users of the
                                        app, or the public, or (iv) protect against legal liability.
4) Your rights and choices
OFF-SITE LINKS
The apps may contain links to other websites and apps not operated or
                                    controlled by us (“Third Party Sites”), including the Social Media
                                    Services. The information that you share with Third Party Sites will be
                                    governed by the specific privacy policies and terms of service of the Third
                                    Party Sites and not by this Privacy Policy. By providing these links we do
                                    not imply that we endorse or have reviewed these sites or apps. Please
                                    contact those sites directly for information on their privacy practices and
                                    policies. Adam4Adam is not responsible for the privacy practices or
                                    contents of these other sites.
OPT-OUT
Our apps provide users the opportunity upon registration to opt out of
                                    receiving communications from us and from our partners, affiliates, and
                                    advertisers. These options are available during registration, and through
                                    the notification setting on the MY ACCOUNT page. Please note that even if
                                    you have chosen to opt out of receiving communications from us, we reserve
                                    the right to contact you by email about material changes to this privacy
                                    policy or the Adam4Adam User Agreement.
5) Data retention and delete information
We will keep your Personal Data for as long as reasonably necessary for the
                                    purposes described in this Privacy Policy, while we have a legitimate
                                    business need to do so, or as required by law (e.g. for tax, legal,
                                    accounting or other purposes), whichever is the longer.
If you have elected to receive marketing communications from us, we retain
                                    information about your marketing preferences until you opt out of receiving
                                    these communications and in accordance with our policies.
To determine the appropriate retention period for your Personal Data, we
                                    will consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the Personal Data, the
                                    potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your Personal
                                    Data, the purposes for which we use your Personal Data and whether we can
                                    achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal
                                    requirements. In some circumstances we may anonymize your Personal Data so
                                    that it can no longer be associated with you, in which case it is no longer
                                    Personal Data.
Adam4Adam gives users the following options for removing their information
                                    from our database:
Towards the bottom of the MY ACCOUNT page click on the Delete Account
                                        link and follow the instruction provided.
You can send e-mail to
support@adam4adam.com
or
legal@adam4adam.com.
Please be sure to include your name, username, and e-mail address.
Adam4Adam gives users the following options for changing or modifying
                                    information previously provided: In the MY ACCOUNT page user info can be
                                    changed in the "Edit My Profile" page and photos can be uploaded or deleted
                                    in the "Upload My Photo" page.
6) Security
Adam4Adam implements security measures to help protect your data from loss,
                                    theft, misuse and unauthorized access. We take data privacy and security
                                    seriously. However, no physical or electronic security system is
                                    impenetrable, but all information you provide to us is stored on secured
                                    servers. Adam4Adam takes steps to protect the Personal Data provided via
                                    the Services from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure,
                                    alteration, or destruction. However, no Internet or e-mail transmission is
                                    ever fully secure or error free.
You use our services at your own risk. We can’t guarantee the security of
                                    the Service's servers or databases, nor can we guarantee that information
                                    you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the
                                    Internet and any transmission is at your own risk.
We cannot control the actions of other users with whom you may choose to
                                    share information. Therefore, we cannot, and do not, guarantee that
                                    information or content posted by a user on or through our Services will not
                                    be viewed by unauthorized persons. We are not responsible for circumvention
                                    of any privacy settings or security measures contained on our Services or
                                    Social Media Services. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.
7) Changes to Policy
We may update this policy from time to time. If we make any significant
                                    changes to the way in which we treat your personal information, we will
                                    inform you of such changes via e-mail or by posting a notice on the
                                    Adam4Adam app. If you have any questions about this privacy policy, please
                                    feel free to Contact Us.
8) How you can access your personal information and update your
                                        information
You can access some of the personal information that we collect about you
                                    by logging in to your account. You also have the right to make a request to
                                    access other personal information we hold about you and to request
                                    corrections of any errors in that data.
If you need to change or correct your Personal Data, or wish to have it
                                    deleted from our systems, you may also contact us. Please send all requests
                                    for data deletion to
legal@adam4adam.com.
We will address your request as
                                    required by applicable law. You may also update your Personal Data from
                                    your user settings.
9) Information about children
Our services are not available to anyone who is not at least 18 years of
                                    age. If you are not at least 18 years of age, you are not permitted to
                                    become a Member or use our services.
If you are aware that a child or minor uses our services please contact us
                                    using the information provided below or using our reporting tool so we can
                                    take appropriate actions.
10) European and international users
Adam4Adam is based in Canada. If you are accessing our Services from the
                                    European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and
                                    use, please note that your Personal Data will be transmitted to our servers
                                    in Canada and the data may be transmitted to our service providers
                                    supporting our business operations (described above). Canada may have data
                                    protection laws less stringent than or otherwise different from the laws in
                                    effect in the country in which you are located. Where we transfer your
                                    Personal Data out of the EU we will take steps to ensure that your Personal
                                    Data receives an adequate level of protection where it is processed, and
                                    your rights continue to be protected.
By providing your information to the Services you agree to the transfer of
                                    your information to Canada and processing globally in accordance with this
                                    Privacy Policy.
11) California Privacy Disclosure
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be
                                    in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We
                                    therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties
                                    without your consent.
As part of the California Online Privacy Protection Act, all users of our
                                    apps may make any changes to their information at any time by logging into
                                    their account and editing their profile.
12) Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of
                                    this app, or your dealings with this app, please feel free to Contact Us.
Adam4Adam – A4A Network Inc Privacy Policy - Effective date June 18, 2020
*****
This Privacy Notice for California Residents supplements the information
                                    contained in A4A Network Inc.’s (Adam4Adam) Privacy Policy and applies
                                    solely to all visitors, users, and others who reside in the State of
                                    California. We adopted this notice to comply with the California Consumer
                                    Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA) and any terms defined in the CCPA have the same
                                    meaning when used in this notice.
1. Information We Collect
Our apps collect information that identifies, relates to, describes,
                                    references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be
                                    linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or device
                                    (“personal information“). In particular, our apps have collected the
                                    following categories of personal information from its consumers within the
                                    last twelve (12) months:
Category
Examples
Collected
A. Identifiers.
A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal
                                                    identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address,
                                                    email address, account name, Social Security number,
                                                    driver's license number, passport number, or other similar
                                                    identifiers.
YES
B. Personal information categories listed in the California
                                                    Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
A name, signature, Social Security number, physical
                                                    characteristics or description, address, telephone number,
                                                    passport number, driver's license or state identification
                                                    card number, insurance policy number, education,
                                                    employment, employment history, bank account number, credit
                                                    card number, debit card number, or any other financial
                                                    information, medical information, or health insurance
                                                    information. Some personal information included in this
                                                    category may overlap with other categories.
YES
C. Protected classification characteristics under
                                                    California or federal law.
Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national
                                                    origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status,
                                                    medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex
                                                    (including gender, gender identity, gender expression,
                                                    pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions),
                                                    sexual orientation, veteran or military status, genetic
                                                    information (including familial genetic information).
YES
D. Commercial information.
Records of personal property, products or services
                                                    purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or
                                                    consuming histories or tendencies.
NO
E. Biometric information.
Genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological
                                                    characteristics, or activity patterns used to extract a
                                                    template or other identifier or identifying information,
                                                    such as, fingerprints, faceprints, and voiceprints, iris or
                                                    retina scans, keystroke, gait, or other physical patterns,
                                                    and sleep, health, or exercise data.
NO
F. Internet or other similar network activity.
Browsing history, search history, information on a
                                                    consumer's interaction with a website, application, or
                                                    advertisement.
YES
G. Geolocation data.
Physical location or movements.
YES
H. Sensory data.
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar
                                                    information.
NO
I. Professional or employment-related information.
Current or past job history or performance evaluations.
NO
J. Non-public education information (per the Family
                                                    Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section
                                                    1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)).
Education records directly related to a student maintained
                                                    by an educational institution or party acting on its
                                                    behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student
                                                    schedules, student identification codes, student financial
                                                    information, or student disciplinary records.
NO
K. Inferences drawn from other personal information.
Profile reflecting a person's preferences, characteristics,
                                                    psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes,
                                                    intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
YES
2. Use of Personal Information
We may use or disclose the personal information we collect for one or more
                                    of the following business purposes:
To fulfill or meet the reason you provided the information. For
                                        example, if you share your name and contact information to request a
                                        price quote or ask a question about our services, we will use that
                                        personal information to respond to your inquiry. If you provide your
                                        personal information to purchase a product or service, we will use that
                                        information to process your payment and facilitate delivery. We may
                                        also save your information to facilitate new product orders or process
                                        returns.
To process your requests, purchases, transactions, and payments and
                                        prevent transactional fraud.
To provide you with support and to respond to your inquiries, including
                                        to investigate and address your concerns and monitor and improve our
                                        responses.
To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable
                                        law, court order, or governmental regulations.
As described to you when collecting your personal information or as
                                        otherwise set forth in the CCPA.
To evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring,
                                        reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all
                                        of our or our affiliates’ assets in which personal information held by
                                        us or our affiliates about our apps users is among the assets
                                        transferred.
We will not collect additional categories of personal information or
                                        use the personal information we collect for materially different,
                                        unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice.
Sharing Personal Information
We may disclose your personal information to a third party for a business
                                    purpose. When we disclose personal information for a business purpose, we
                                    enter a contract that describes the purpose and requires the recipient to
                                    both keep that personal information confidential and not use it for any
                                    purpose except performing the contract.
We share your personal information with the following categories of third
                                    parties:
Service providers.
Data Aggregators.
4. Your Rights and Choices
The CCPA provides consumers (California residents) with specific rights
                                    regarding their personal information. This section describes your CCPA
                                    rights and explains how to exercise those rights.
Access to Specific Information and Data Portability Rights
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you
                                    about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12
                                    months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see
                                    Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights), we will disclose
                                    to you:
The categories of personal information we’ve collected about you.
The categories of sources for the personal information we’ve collected
                                        about you.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that
                                        personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal
                                        information.
The specific pieces of personal information we’ve collected about you
                                        (also called a data portability request).
If we sold or disclosed your personal information for a business purpose,
                                    two separate lists disclosing:
sales, identifying the personal information categories that each
                                        category of recipient purchased; and;
disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the personal
                                        information categories that each category of recipient obtained.
Deletion Request Rights
You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal
                                    information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain
                                    exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request
                                    (see Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights), we will
                                    delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal
                                    information from our records, unless an exception applies.
We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary
                                    for us or our service provider(s) to:
Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal
                                        information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions
                                        reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business
                                        relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you.
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive,
                                        fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for
                                        such activities.
Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing
                                        intended functionality.
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal.
                                        Penal Code § 1546 seq.).
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer
                                        expectations based on your relationship with us.
Comply with a legal obligation.
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are
                                        compatible with the context in which you provided it.
Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights
To exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described
                                    above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by either:
Emailing us at
privacy@adam4adam.com
or
legal@adam4adam.com
Only you, or a person registered with the California Secretary of State
                                    that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer
                                    request related to your personal information. You may also make a
                                    verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.
You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data
                                        portability twice within a 12-month period. The verifiable consumer
                                        request must:
Provide enough information that allows us to reasonably verify you are
                                        the person about whom we’ve collected personal information or an
                                        authorized representative.
Describe your request with enough detail that allows us to properly
                                        understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information
                                    if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and
                                    confirm the personal information relates to you.
Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an
                                    account with us.
We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer
                                    request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the
                                    request.
Response Timing and Format
We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within forty-five
                                    (45) days of its receipt. If we require more time, we will inform you of
                                    the reason and extension period in writing.
We will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your
                                    option.
Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding
                                    the verifiable consumer request’s receipt. The response we provide will
                                    also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable.
                                    For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your
                                    personal information that is readily usable and should allow you to
                                    transmit the information from one entity to another entity without
                                    hindrance.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer
                                    request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we
                                    determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made
                                    that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your
                                    request.
Personal Information Sales
We will not sell your personal information to any party. If in the future,
                                    we anticipate selling your personal information to any party, we will
                                    provide you with the opt-out and opt-in rights required by the CCPA.
5. Non-Discrimination
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA
                                        rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:
Deny you goods or services.
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including
                                        through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.
Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or
                                        services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
6. Other California Privacy Rights
California’s “Shine the Light” law (Civil Code Section § 1798.83) permits
                                    users of our apps that are California residents to request certain
                                    information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third
                                    parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please
                                    send an email to
privacy@adam4adam.com
or
legal@adam4adam.com
7. Changes to Our Privacy Notice
We reserve the right to amend this privacy notice at our discretion and at
                                    any time. When we make changes to this privacy notice, we will post the
                                    updated notice on our app and update the notice’s effective date. Your
                                    continued use of our app following the posting of changes constitutes your
                                    acceptance of such changes.
8. Contact Information
If you have any questions or comments about this notice, the ways in which
                                    we collect and use your information described below and in our Privacy
                                    Policy, your choices and rights regarding such use, or wish to exercise
                                    your rights under California law, please do not hesitate to contact us at:
privacy@adam4adam.com
or
legal@adam4adam.com
Back to Top