Privacy policy
PRIVACY POLICY
OMEGA EUROPEAN MASTERS, PO Box 1039, 3963 Crans-Montana 2, Switzerland, (“Omega European Masters”, “We,” “Us,” “Our”) takes the security and privacy of your personal information very seriously. This policy together with our terms of use sets out the basis on which we will process any personal data obtained as a result of your use of this website (“Website”) and explains what cookies we use. All processing of your personal data will be in accordance with the applicable data protection legislation for the purposes for which the information was submitted. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data, how we will treat it and how we use cookies.
INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT FROM YOU
We may collect and process the following data about you:
Information that you provide by filling in forms on the Website. This includes information provided to use the Website, subscribing to our service, posting material or requesting further services.
If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence.
We may also ask you to complete surveys that we use for research purposes, although you are not required to do so.
Details of your visits to the Website, including but not limited to traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data, whether this is required for our own purposes or otherwise and the resources that you access. Please see the section regarding cookies for more information about our use of cookies.
WHERE WE STORE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a location in Switzerland (server location) or another location inside or outside the European Economic Area.
All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password that enables you to access certain parts of this website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share any passwords with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the Internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to the Website; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorized access.
USES MADE OF THE INFORMATION
We use information held about you in the following ways:
To ensure that content from the Website is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us or that we feel may interest you, where you have consented to be contacted for such purposes.
To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us.
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so.
To notify you about changes to our service.
To create and manage your personal account at Omega European Masters.
To test and improve our systems by which the services are provided.
To prevent misuse or improper use of our services.
To send you surveys regarding your satisfaction with our services (performed by Omega European Masters or by third parties on our behalf), products and overall experience in connection with Omega European Masters.
If you do not want us to use your data in this way or to pass your details on to third parties for marketing purposes, please tick the relevant box situated on the form on which we collect your data (the order form) or contact us.
We may share non-personal, non-individual statistics or demographic information in aggregate form with our marketing partners, advertisers or other third-parties for research purposes.
Through your use of the Website, we may also gather certain information about your use of the Website that does not identify you individually. Generally, this information is collected through “traffic data.” We may collect and store such information automatically whenever you interact with the Website. For example, we may collect your IP address, the hostname of your computer, browser information and reference site domain name every time you visit the Website. We may also collect information regarding customer traffic patterns and site usage. This information does not, however, contain anything that can personally identify you; it is used to analyze and improve the Website and to provide our customers with a fulfilling Internet experience. Please see the section below regarding cookies for more information about our use of cookies and when we will ask for your consent.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We may disclose your personal information to any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, who may be inside or outside of the EEA.
We may disclose your personal information to third parties:
Who help us to administer the Website (such as our Internet service providers) or to provide the services you are requesting. These third parties must at all times provide the same levels of security for your personal information as Omega European Masters.
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.
To perform functions on our behalf. Examples include fulfilling orders, delivering packages, processing credit card payments, providing customer service, sending postal mail and e-mail, removing repetitive information from customer lists, analysing data, providing marketing assistance, executing customer satisfaction surveys, providing customized advertising and providing search results and links (including paid listings and links). They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes. Further, they must process the personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and as permitted by applicable data protection laws.
If Omega European Masters or substantially all of its assets or any member of our group are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of use and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Omega or any member of our group, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
YOUR RIGHTS
You may at all times revoke any consent given to processing your data, taking effect as from the date of revocation, by sending us an email or postal mail, or by clicking the corresponding box on the forms used to collect your data. You may at all times request information as to what data from you is being processed and for what purpose. Furthermore, you may in accordance with the law request the correction, blocking or deletion of your data. To assert your rights and for any questions you might have, please contact us at PO Box 1039, 3963 Crans-Montana 2, Switzerland, or via
https://www.omegaeuropeanmasters.com/about/contact
.
You have the right not to consent to our use of certain cookies. Please see the section on cookies for more information on this.
The Website may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that they have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
COOKIES AND SPYWARE
Use of Cookies and Spyware
We never use or install spyware on your computer, nor do we use spyware to retrieve information from your computer.
Like many websites, we use “cookies”, which are files saved on your computer's hard drive by your browser and used to collect and store certain information about you.
Most browsers accept cookies automatically but allow you to disable them. The help menu on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie and how to disable cookies all together. You can also disable or delete cookies you have previously accepted if you wish to.
We recommend that you leave cookies “turned on” so that we can offer you a better experience on the Website. If you set your browser to block all cookies (including strictly necessary cookies), you may not be able to access parts of the Website.
We have set certain cookies on your device and recommend that you agree to their use. If you do not, you may still use the Website, but certain parts of it may not work or may not work as well.
We use the following cookies:
Strictly necessary cookies. These are cookies that are required for the operation of the Website and for you to be able to complete services you ask for. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of the Website.
Functional cookies. These cookies record information about choices you make on the Website, such as your user name, language or the region you are in. In this way, we are able to personalize your visit to the Website.
Performance cookies. These “analytical” cookies allow us to collect information about how visitors use the Website, for example to count visitors and to see how visitors move around the Website. They record your visit to the Website, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. These cookies do not collect information that identifies you. All information is anonymous. This helps us to improve the way the Website works.
We rely on Google Analytics, a service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”), to analyze your use of the Website. The information generated by Google Analytics is subject to Google’s privacy policy and will be transferred to and stored by Google on servers in the USA. Prior to the transfer, it will be anonymized by removing the last octet of your IP address. Google will then process it on our behalf in order to evaluate your use of the Website, to compile reports on Website activity and to provide other services related to Internet usage. Google will not link your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies for the aforesaid purposes by setting your browser accordingly; however, in that case, you may not be able to use the full functionality of the Website. You may further opt-out of the collection of your usage data (including your IP address) and its processing by downloading and installing the add-on for your current web browser at
http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en
. For more information about the use of your data by Google, please see
http://www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html
.
For visitors accessing our Website from Mainland China (PRC), we may use the Site Monitor service provided by Miaozhen Ltd., Beijing, PRC, instead of Google Analytics, for the same purposes and within the same limitations, but with servers in the PRC. For opting-out the use of Site Monitor on your browser, please visit
http://i.miaozhen.com/cookie_opt.html
.
Social media cookies. These cookies allow you to share Website content with social media platforms (e.g, Facebook, Twitter, Instagram). We have no control over these cookies as they are set by the social media platforms themselves.
Advertisement cookies. These cookies allow us to deliver tailor-made advertisements to you on third party websites based on your interests in our products and services manifested during your visit on our Website. These cookies do not collect information that identifies you. All information is anonymous.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by email.
CONTACT
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, please contact us via
https://www.omegaeuropeanmasters.com/about/contact
.