Privacy policy
Updated: May 29, 2024
When you use our website and our app and when you contact us over the phone, TAXA 4×35 collects and processes personal data. In this privacy notice we explain how we process the personal data.
1. The personal data we collect
We process the following personal data about all customers regardless of whether a taxi is booked using the website (with or without a taxa.nu account), the app or over the phone:
Name
Phone number used for booking the taxi (if booking is made over the phone or through the app)
Pickup and destination address of the taxi ride
Time of booking
Any notes to the trip made by the customer
Time of start and end of the taxi ride (including date)
Price and payment data, e.g. whether you have chosen a fixed price or go by taximeter and which type of payment that has been used (e.g. cash or type of credit card)
Location (if enabled in the app or on the website)
Booking of special taxi rides (PartyTaxa, minibuses, school rides, sightseeing taxi, handicap rides, public taxi rides, rent of taxis)
Should you wish to have your receipt reforwarded or to use your rights as described below, we also process a copy of your photo ID.
We process the following personal data on all visitors of taxa.dk and users of the TAXA app:
Cookies: IP-address, operating system, language setting, browser type, equipment type, MAC-number (depending on equipment) etc.
If you use the TAXA 4×35 app, we also process the following personal data:
Favourite addresses and possibly home address and work address
Information on credit cards
Information on loyalty card (earnings, spendings, discount)
The unique ID-number of the device used to access the app
Your rating of the taxi ride and of the taxi driver
If you have a taxa.nu account (business account), we also process the following data:
Username, password
Possibly email address
2. Purpose of the processing of personal data
We process the personal data for the following purposes:
Cookies: Loading of the website from the server, statistical analysis, website traffic measurement and optimization of the website based on visited pages, time spent on the pages etc., information about geography and interests of the users of the website to adjust the content and advertising
Providing the website, the app and the possibility to book a taxi using different methods
Handling of bookings, taxi rides and follow-up on taxi rides
Handling of the loyalty system
Optimisation of the user experience in connection with booking of taxi rides, including suggestions to book a taxi to addresses from which a ride has previously been booked or to a favourite address
Reforwarding of a receipt for a taxi ride and confirmation of customer identity in this connection
Customer service, e.g. lost and found
Marketing:
Targeted advertising, for example e-mail marketing and ads on social media platforms, when seperate permission has been given
Legislation, protection and legitimacy:
Documentations obligations
Compliance with basic principles for processing of personal data and where legal basis for processing occurs
Processing of inquiries complaints from users and others, where processing is necessary in terms of legal claims, must be determined and applied
Implementation and maintenance of technical and organizational security measurements
Investigation of a suspected or known personal data breach and possible reporting of the breach to authorities and individuals
Processing of inspections and requests from supervisory authorities
Processing of disputes with individuals and third parties
3. Sources
Some personal data are collected from you when you create an app userprofile, a taxa.nu userprofile, book a taxi or when you wish to have a receipt reforwarded.
Other data (e.g. pickup and destination addresses and time of the taxi ride) are registered automatically in our systems and other data are registered automatically from your device, e.g. your smartphone or computer, when you visit the website or use the app.
4. The legal basis for the processing of the personal data
The legal basis for processing of personal data about users of the app and visitors to the website are the following:
We process personal data about visitors to the website and users of the app on the basis of our legitimate interests in being able to provide the website and the app, cf. Article 6(1)(f) of the GDPR
Consent in accordance with Section 3 of the cookie order (order no. 1148 of 12 September 2011)
The legal basis for processing of personal data about customers (regardless of booking method) are the following:
Article 6(1)(b) of the GDPR regarding the performance of a contract, including the use of loyalty card using the app
Our legitimate interests in providing you with a good and efficient user experience, e.g. suggestions to book a taxi to addresses from which a ride has previously been booked, cf. Article 6(1)(f) of the GDPR
Compliance with legal obligations, cf. Article 6(1)(c) of the GDPR, in relation to compliance with the Danish Act on Bookkeeping (the entire act)
5. Voluntariness
When we collect personal data from you directly in order to provide taxi services, you provide us with the data voluntarily. You are not obligated to provide us with these data. The consequences of not providing us with the data may be that unfortunately, we may not be able to provide the taxi services to you.
6. Disclosure of personal data
The personal data will be disclosed and shared with the following recipients:
Public authorities in connections with statutory reporting obligations
Accountants
Legal advisors
Google LLC in connections with cookies
7. Transfer of personal data to data processors
We transfer personal data to our data processors which, among other things, provide our IT-systems, including hosting, backup and support.
8. Transfer of personal data to recipients in countries outside the EU/EEA
We transfer personal data to recipients in countries outside the EU/EEA, including to data processors in Australia and the USA based on the European Commission’s standard contractual clauses from 2010. Please contact us if you wish to receive a copy of the agreements.
The transfer of personal data to Google in the USA is based on the EU-US Privacy Shield.
9. Retention periods
We store the data about customers in an identifiable form for as long as necessary to be able to pursue the purposes above, however, for 2 years at the maximum.
Personal data which we are required to keep under the Danish Act on Bookkeeping are retained for 5 years after the end of the year in question.
Session cookies are only active in connection with visits to our website.
10. Your rights
On the conditions and with the restrictions set out in applicable data protection legislation, you have the following rights:
The right of access to personal data
The right to have inaccurate personal data rectified
The right to have personal data erased
The right to have personal data restricted
The right to data portability
The right to object against automated individual decisionmaking
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with a competent supervisory authority, including the Danish Data Protection Agency.
Right to object:
You have the right to – on grounds relating to your particular situation – object to the processing of personal data which is based on legitimate interests as mentioned above. Following your objection we shall no longer process the personal data unless we demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
You have the right to object if your personal data are used for direct marketing purposes, including profiling. If you object, we will cease to process the personal data for that purpose.
11. Cookies
The website uses cookies for the purposes described in section 2. A cookie is a small text file that is stored in your browser to recognize your computer in connection with repeat visits to the website.
The companies that place cookies on your device when you visit taxa.dk are the following:
Sammenslutningen TAXA 4×35
Google, LLC
Youtube, LLC
DoubleClick
Facebook, Inc.
Nets A/S
You can delete and block cookies as described in this guide (in Danish):
http://minecookies.org/cookiehandtering
The website uses cookies from Google Analytics to measure the user traffic on the website.
You can disable cookies from Google Analytics here: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
When the app or the website is used to book a taxi ride, it will show your current location if you have enabled the function location service on your device, and if you have consented on the phone and in the app to tracking your location data. You can disable location data in the setting on your smartphone and on your computer location data can be disabled in the setting of the operating system.
Back
Strictly necessary
Strictly necessary cookies help make a website navigable by activating basic functions such as page navigation and access to secure website areas. Without these cookies, the website would not be able to work properly.
Functional
Functional cookies make it possible to save information that changes the way the website appears or acts. For instance your preferred language or region.
Statistical
Statistical cookies help the website owner understand how visitors interact with the website by collecting and reporting information.
Marketing
Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and interesting to the individual user and thus more valuable for publishers and third-party advertisers.
Unclassified
We are in the process of classifying unclassified cookies together with the providers of the individual cookies.
Update consent
If you have any questions regarding the processing of personal data or regarding the utilization of your rights, you are very welcome to contact us.
Contact information:
Sammenslutningen TAXA 4×35
Rosenlunds Allé 8
DK-2720 Vanløse
CVR-no: 74001416
Email address: taxa@taxa.dk
Telephone no.: +45 35359001
13. Re-forwarding of receipts
In accordance with the new General Data Protection Regulation, re-forwarding of a receipt falls within the scope of personal data.
Picture ID is required as information about trip history and other sensitive data, which we are under obligation to protect for our customers, may be involved.
Please use the
contact form here
.
Please note, that we can only re-forward receipts (copy) from hailed trips, if as a minimum either start or end address is exact, time of ride taken, form of payment, exact amount, and the last 4 digits of the card number used to pay if paid with credit card can be given.
14. Recording of phone calls
Objective:
We record and store phone calls for 2 purposes.
1. Documentation
Phone calls are recorded and stored in order to document the content of communication sessions between you and a TAXA 4×35 employee. In case of a customer complaint and the alike, we will be able to document what has been said in accordance with GDPR.
2. Training of staff
If you provide consent, we will use the recording to internal training purposes, so our call center staff may provide the most satisfying service possible.
How long we keep your call recording:
Phone call recordings for documentation purposes are deleted after 30 days, unless a servicecase exists where the recording may be relevant.
Phonecall recordings are only used for training purposes 30 days from the day of the phonecall conversation.
Your rights:
You have the right to request insight, rectification or you may request that you personal data be deleted. If you wish so or if you have any questions, please email us at taxa@taxa.dk.
You may withdraw your consent at any time. If so, please email us at taxa@taxa.dk.