MacroPinch Ltd. Privacy Policy
Effective date: September 25th, 2014
It is a pleasure to see that you are using our products. Protecting your privacy and personal data while using MacroPinch Ltd.'s applications and our other products is very important to us. Therefore, we adhere strictly to the rules of data protection laws. We collect personal data only insofar as necessary for the use of our services. The following explanations help you understand how we ensure this protection and which data is collected and for what purpose.
Types of Data collected
Among the types of Personal Data that MacroPinch Ltd. collects, by itself or through third-parties, there are: General Activity Data, Movement Activity, Cookies and Usage Data.
Other Personal Data collected may be described in other sections of this privacy policy or by dedicated explanation text contextually with the Data collection.
The Personal Data may be freely provided by the User, or collected automatically when using MacroPinch Ltd.
Any use of Cookies - or of other tracking tools - by MacroPinch Ltd. or by the owners of third-party services used by MacroPinch Ltd., unless stated otherwise, serves to identify Users and remember their preferences, for the sole purpose of providing the service required by the User.
Failure to provide certain Personal Data may make it impossible for MacroPinch Ltd. to provide its services.
Use of MacroPinch Ltd. and sharing personal data
We also collect information that you do not actively provide us with. We store data in an anonymous form that include the behaviour of users when using our app. These include operating life, device and functions used. These analyses are available to us in anonymous form without reference to a specific user and only serve statistical purposes.
A transfer of your data beyond the cases mentioned above will not take place. Also, we will not use your data for advertising purposes or let them be used by third-parties.
Your personal information is not used by MacroPinch Ltd. for marketing and advertising or transferred to third-parties.
Motion and HealthKit Data
MacroPinch Ltd. accesses data from the Hardware Motion Sensor and Apple Health App in a read-only manner once you explicitly allow it (using the system-level iOS permissions mechanism).
The unique information you choose to send from Motion and HealthKit is not used by MacroPinch Ltd. for marketing and advertising or transferred to third-parties.
Location Services
If you allow these services we may detect your approximate current location. To achieve this, these services may use any of the following: Cell ID, GPS, Wi-Fi, or Bluetooth beacons.
We use this information to provide location-based services, not to identify you. Location services are used to
Provide you with local search results.
Provide you content based upon your location.
To help improve recommendations.
In addition, and as with most location-enabled applications, we and our third-party partners may access your location when you use MacroPinch Ltd.'s applications. Changes to these setting can be made through the Settings App.
Facebook
If you decide to sign in with us using your Facebook account, we will receive your public profile information from Facebook such as username, your Facebook ID, profile photo and beyond this your e-mail address. You can have information displayed as to which Facebook friends are already registered with MacroPinch Ltd.'s applications, and you will be visible to your Facebook friends. By signing in via Facebook, your MacroPinch account will be permanently linked to your Facebook account. For further information on the use of data by Facebook, refer to the
Facebook permissions documentation
and to the
Facebook privacy policy
. Please note that your Facebook password does not come into our possession even after signing in with your Facebook account.
The permissions asked are the following
Basic information
By default, this includes certain User’s Data such as id, name, picture, and their locale. Certain connections of the User, such as the Friends, are also available. If the User has made more of their Data public, more information will be available.
Public Profile
Provides access to the 'Public Profile' section of the profile.
Access Friend Lists
Provides access to any friend lists the User created.
Email
Provides access to the User's primary email address.
Flurry Analytics
MacroPinch Ltd. uses third-party service providers, such as Flurry Analytics in order to create accurate, real-time user data reports, so that MacroPinch Ltd. can continue to improve the user experience of MacroPinch Ltd.'s applications. This service collects and submits anonymous, aggregated data, which are anonymized via a secure hashing protocol, to analytics servers. This data includes information on which features are most frequently used. No personally identifiable information is collected.
For more information on Flurry Analytics’ use of your information, please review the
Flurry Analytics Terms of Service
and the
Flurry Analytics Privacy Policy
. If you want to opt out from Flurry Analytics, you can do so
here
.
How We Protect Information
We take several measures to safeguard the collection, transmission and storage of the data we collect. These steps depend on the sensitivity of the data that we collect, process, and store. Although we strive to employ reasonable protections for your information that are appropriate to its sensitivity, we do not guarantee or warrant the security of the information you share with us and we are not responsible for the theft, destruction, loss or inadvertent disclosure of your information or content. Please, bear in mind that no system is 100% secure.
MacroPinch Ltd. uses industry standard Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology to allow for the encryption of personal information. MacroPinch Ltd. engages a company that is an industry leader in online verification to strengthen the security. MacroPinch Ltd. is registered with site identification authorities so that your mobile device can confirm MacroPinch Ltd.’s identity before any personally identifiable information is sent.
GDPR Compliance (goes into effect on May 25th, 2018)
MacroPinch Ltd. has adopted high-level principles from the GDPR regulation, as well as other similar regional regulations. The way we notify you of changes to the Privacy Policy or ask you for consent may change in order to satisfy the regulation’s new data privacy requirements. How you exercise choice over the collection and use of your Personal Data may also change.
If you are a resident of the European Union or a country/region with similar laws, you will start to see these applications prompt you for consent related to activities that require the collection and processing of your Sensitive Personal Data – as well as the transfer of your Personal Data. The exact consent requests you are presented will depend on your location and the application.
Your Personal Data is stored decrypted in our U.S. servers (and/or other regions depending on your location) so that we can provide all competitive features and services related to the application.
MacroPinch Ltd. will take reasonable steps to ensure that your Personal Data are properly secured using appropriate technical, physical, and organizational measures, so that they are protected against unauthorised or unlawful use, alteration, unauthorised access or disclosure, accidental or wrongful destruction, and loss. Your Personal Data will be retained for as long as required for the above purposes or in so far as such is necessary for compliance with statutory obligations and for solving any disputes.
Methods of processing Data
MacroPinch Ltd. processes the Data of Users in a proper manner and shall take appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorised access, disclosure, modification, or unauthorised destruction of the Data.
The Data processing is carried out using computers and/or IT enabled tools, following organizational procedures and modes strictly related to the purposes indicated. In addition to MacroPinch Ltd., in some cases, the Data may be accessible to certain types of persons in charge, involved with the operation of the site (administration, sales, marketing, legal, system administration) or external parties (such as third-party technical service providers, mail carriers, hosting providers, IT companies, communications agencies) appointed, if necessary, as Data Processors by the Owner. The updated list of these parties may be requested from MacroPinch Ltd. at any time.
Place
The Data is processed at MacroPinch Ltd.'s operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved with the processing are located. For further information, please contact MacroPinch Ltd.
Retention time
The Data is kept for the time necessary to provide the service requested by the User, or stated by the purposes outlined in this document, and the User can always request that MacroPinch Ltd. suspend or remove the data.
The use of the collected Data
The Data concerning the User is collected to allow the Owner to provide its services, as well as for the following purposes: Handling activity data, Access to third-party accounts and Analytics.
The Personal Data used for each purpose is outlined in the specific sections of this document.
Legal action
The User's Personal Data may be used for legal purposes by MacroPinch Ltd., in Court or in the stages leading to possible legal action arising from improper use of MacroPinch Ltd. or the related services.
The User declares to be aware that MacroPinch Ltd. may be required to reveal personal data upon request of public authorities.
System logs and maintenance
For operation and maintenance purposes, MacroPinch Ltd. and any third-party services may collect files that record interaction (System logs) or use for this purpose other Personal Data (such as IP Address).
Information not contained in this policy
More details concerning the collection or processing of Personal Data may be requested from MacroPinch Ltd. at any time. Please see the contact information at the beginning of this document.
The rights of Users
Users have the right, at any time, to know whether their Personal Data has been stored and can consult MacroPinch Ltd. to learn about their contents and origin, to verify their accuracy or to ask for them to be supplemented, cancelled, updated or corrected, or for their transformation into anonymous format or to block any data held in violation of the law, as well as to oppose their treatment for any and all legitimate reasons. Requests should be sent to MacroPinch Ltd. at the contact information set out above.
The following is a list of the third-party operators we currently use in our services, and links to their privacy policies
Ad Technology Providers
Google
-
Google Privacy & Terms
Adform
-
Adform Privacy Policy
Adloox
-
Adloox Disclaimer GDPR
Amazon
-
Amazon Privacy Notice
Criteo
-
Criteo Privacy
DMA Institute
-
DMA Institute Privacy & Compliancy
Evidon
-
Evidon Privacy Statement
gskinner
-
gskinner Privacy Policy
Integral Ad Science
-
Integral Ad Science Privacy Policy
Liftoff
-
Liftoff Privacy Policy
Oracle Data Cloud
-
Oracle Data Cloud Privacy Policy
Sizmek
-
Sizmek Privacy Policy
Changes to this privacy policy
MacroPinch Ltd. reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time by giving notice to its Users on this page. It is strongly recommended to check this page often, referring to the date of the last modification listed at the bottom. If a User objects to any of the changes to the Policy, the User must cease using MacroPinch Ltd. applications and can request that MacroPinch Ltd. remove the Personal Data. Unless stated otherwise, the then-current privacy policy applies to all Personal Data MacroPinch Ltd. has about Users.
Disclaimer
While MacroPinch Ltd. continues to work hard to protect your personal information, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be absolutely secure, and we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to MacroPinch Ltd. Transmitting personal information is done at your own risk.
Privacy Policy Contact Information
If you have any questions about our privacy policy, please contact us via email or mail us at
MacroPinch Ltd.
ul. G. S. Rakovski 128, et. 6
1000 Sofia
Bulgaria
support@macropinch.com
http://macropinch.com
Last modified: May 25th, 2018