Contacting GRAPHIC NODE
You can contact us at
support@graphicnode.com
What is the language used in the templates?
The templates use a pseudo-Latin dummy text “Lorem Ipsum” for text placeholders. You can find out more here: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lorem_ipsum.
Is it possible to replace the text, photographic images, or clipart with some of my own?
Our templates, as with any other template, offer a layout with text and images. You can change the text, add and remove text boxes, and change the font if you wish. You can also replace selected images, photographs, and clipart with your own.
DOWNLOADING
I just ordered your templates but I did not receive a confirmation, a download link, or a serial number?
The order may take a while to process. Please wait until you receive an email with full details of the download.
What should I do to download my purchase?
Once you purchase a product, an email with full details for downloading arrives at your inbox. Then, simply follow the instructions.
I purchased a product but it would not download. The download screen says, “Your download will begin shortly,” but nothing seems to be happening. What should I do?
Empty the cache of your browser. In Safari, you can do it by selecting Safari > Empty Cache. You could also try using another browser.
How can I update your product and will I need to pay for it?
All updates of our products are free of charge. To download the latest versions of your purchases, use the same download details indicated in your order confirmation email.
I can’t find the product I have downloaded.
Try checking for it in the Applications folder or enter the product name in Spotlight.APP STORE
I purchased a product but it would not download. The download screen says, “Your download will begin shortly,” but nothing seems to be happening. What should I do?
Empty the cache of your browser. In Safari, you can do it by selecting Safari > Empty Cache. You could also try using another browser.
Why can’t I find my new templates in the Pages/Keynote/Numbers/iBooks Author chooser?
Unfortunately, the App Store does not allow installing templates directly within an application.
Can I get back my money for an app purchased on the App Store?
Unfortunately, we cannot access the purchase records of the App Store, but you can contact Apple about the refund.Pages
Can Pages Templates be exported to MS Word or PDF documents?
Yes, Pages can be exported to Word and PDF documents. Click File>Export and choose format you need.
Can I change a page layout from portrait to landscape?
You can change page layout (File/Page Setup); however, our template content (background, text-boxes) have a fixed width and length, so if you change a page layout from portrait to landscape, you will have a white space on the right side. (Of course, you can edit it and then add text and images.)
Are the templates professional print-ready?
Professional print requires image resolution of 300 dpi and special marks, which are not supported by Pages. Therefore, your documents need to be converted into professional printer formats for this purpose.
Can I save all templates to the Pages template chooser at once?
No, you can save the templates by opening them one by one only in Numbers
Do I need to have Numbers (iWork) in order to use Templates for Numbers?
Yes, Templates for Numbers require Numbers’09 or later.
Can I save all templates to the Numbers template chooser at once?
No, you can save the templates by opening them one by one only.Keynote
Can I use the Keynote templates in MS Power Point?
You can export a completed Keynote presentation to the .ppt format, but some elements may look slightly different.
Can I save all templates to the Keynote template chooser at once?
No, you can save the templates by opening them one by one only.
THEMES FOR iBOOKS AUTHOR
I purchased and installed the iBook Author templates from the App Store but they are not showing up when I open the iBook Author’s templates chooser. How can I find them?
The templates are meant to be opened from the Themes for iBooks Author application.
How can I save the templates so that they appear in the iBooks Author template chooser?
You can save individual templates by opening them and clicking Save As Template… It will save them in My Templates folder, which stores all templates that appear in iBooks Author’s chooser. If you want to save many templates at once, right-click on the Dock icon and select Go to Folder. Then, enter this path: ~/Library/Application Support/iBooks Author/Templates/My Templates/ and click Go. Paste the new templates into the folder that opens and relaunch iBooks Author to see the changes.
How can I delete unwanted templates from the chooser?
Right-click on the Dock icon and select Go to Folder. Then, enter this path: ~/Library/Application Support/iBooks Author/Templates/My Templates/ and click Go. Remove the unwanted templates from the folder that opens.
How can I translate the words “Chapter” and “Section” to other languages?
Open Layouts, where all layouts are categorized to Chapter, Section, and Pages. Double-click on category name and type it in the appropriate language.
Can I export an iBooks Author book to PDF?
Yes. If your book is in the portrait mode, you can save a PDF file in portrait. If the book is in the portrait-landscape mode, you can save a PDF file in landscape only.