Privacy Policy
Brazil (Inglês)
Brazil (Português)
Canada
Canada fr
Europe
Mexico (Español)
Mexico (Inglès)
US (English)
US (Español)
Product Terms and Conditions
Canada
Europe
License Agreements Signed Prior to Jan 2023
Master Services Agreement Signed After Jan 2023
Professional Services
Basic Package
Standard Package
Business Consulting Service
Open and Close Service
Resident Verify
Criminal Records Search Criteria
Additional Resources
Entrata Subsidiaries
Entrata Pay
ProspectPortal & ResidentPortal Terms
Current System Uptime
Website Terms of Use
Website Accessibility Statement
Equal Housing Opportunity
Help
Privacy Policy
Effective Date: 01-31-2025
Click here for the Spanish translation of this Privacy Notice
Please Note:
This Privacy Notice only governs our processing of Personal Information in the United States. You can view our additional Privacy Notices
here
by region.
Entrata, Inc. and its affiliated entities (collectively, "
Entrata
", "
we
", "
us
", "
our
") are committed to protecting individual privacy and maintaining the trust of our clients, who are typically residential and commercial real estate property managers and property owners (“
Clients
”), the users of our services who are employed or contracted by our Clients ("
Client Staff
"), and visitors to our websites ("
Visitors
") (collectively, "
you
," "
your
"). Entrata provides a suite of property management products and services through a unified platform that helps our Clients automate and simplify complex tasks, including marketing and leasing, tenant management and communication, accounting, compliance, and utilities management (the “
Services
”).
It is important to us that we provide transparency regarding our collection, use, and disclosure of information that relates to a person or that can be reasonably linked to a person ("
Personal Information
"). This Privacy Notice governs our collection, use, and disclosure of Clients’, Client Staff’s, and Visitors’ Personal Information in connection with the Services, including from the websites we control and that link to this Privacy Notice (“
Sites
”). It also describes the available rights and choices in connection with our use of Personal Information.
Important: This Privacy Notice does not apply to Residents or Prospective Residents.
Our privacy obligations with respect to Resident Personal Information are governed solely by the agreements under which the Services are provided to our Clients and applicable law. Entrata typically has no direct relationship with our Clients’ residents or applicants (“
Residents
”), and we merely host or process Residents’ Personal Information ("
Client Data
") on behalf of our Clients in our capacity as a service provider. Our Clients, as data controllers, are responsible for complying with any regulations or laws that require providing notice, disclosure, and/or obtaining consent prior to collecting Client Data.
If you are a Resident and you have any questions about how your property manager (i.e., a Client using our Services) collects, stores, or uses your Personal Information, please contact your property manager directly.
Additionally, this Privacy Notice does not govern the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information through ProspectPortal websites, which are created by our Clients to facilitate communication and transactions between Clients and their prospective and current tenants. Client Data obtained through ProspectPortal websites is governed by our Clients' privacy notices.
The Sites may contain links to other third-party websites. The information practices and content of such third-party websites are governed by their own privacy notices. We encourage you to review the privacy notices of such third-party websites to understand their information practices.
We will update this Privacy Notice from time to time to reflect changes in our practices, technologies, legal requirements, and other factors.  We will let you know when we update this Notice by updating the “Last Updated” legend at the top or other appropriate means.  Any changes will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Notice on the Services.
Personal Information We Collect
We collect Personal Information in various ways, such as when you: visit the Sites, use the Services, enter into a transaction or contractual arrangement with us, participate in our programs or activities (e.g., our contests, online webinars, Summit, and Basecamp), provide Personal Information at industry events and trade shows, visit our facilities or when we visit you at your offices, contact our customer service, or make any inquiries and communications with us. We also collect Personal Information from other sources, including publicly-accessible databases and joint marketing partners.
We collect the following categories of Personal Information:
Personal Identifiers
,
such as first and last name, email address, account name or login credentials, government-issued identifiers (for example, Social Security number), government-issued identity documents (for example, driver’s license).
Records Information
,
such as name, contact information, signature, email address, phone number, financial information including financial account number, bank account number, credit/debit card numbers, and employment information.
Employment Information
,
such as employer name or company affiliation, job title, work email address, and work phone number.
Commercial Information
,
such as transactions, credentials to online services and platforms, bank account number, credit or debit card numbers, credit information, financial account information, business email, business telephone, account balances, billing information, and records of sales, purchases, and uses.
Internet or Network Activity Information
, such as browsing history and interactions with our advertisements.
Audio Data
,
such as electronic content produced by individuals using our systems including online interactive and voice communications such as through email, phone, or network sessions.
Inferences
that are drawn from any of the Personal Information listed above to create a profile about, for example, an individual’s preferences, characteristics, or behavior.
Sensitive personal information: some Personal Information we collect is defined under certain laws as “sensitive personal information”.  Sensitive personal information we collect includes Social Security number, customer account log-in, financial account number, debit card number, and credit card number in combination with any required security or access code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account.
‍
Sources of Personal Information
‍
We collect Personal Information from Customers, Clients, and Visitors when they provide it to us through our Services and Sites.  We may also receive information from third-party providers, including public databases, third party data providers, service providers, advertising sources, and affiliates which are subsidiaries of Entrata.
‍
How We Use Personal Information
‍
We use Personal Information for the following purposes:
‍
To provide the Services.
This includes:
Administering, operating, maintaining, and securing our Services.
Monitoring and analyzing trends, usage, and activities in connection with our Services.
Administering Client accounts.
Enforcing our Master Services Agreement, Product Specific Terms, Terms of Use, and any other contractual terms and conditions that govern the relationship between you and Entrata.
Improving, customizing, and personalizing our Services
.
This includes:
Supporting internal Entrata operations, including CRM and Client technical support.
Providing Clients and Client Staff with access to our “App Store” to allow Clients to directly enable third-party applications.
Carrying out machine learning, data extracting, and loading data in data warehouses, in order to support Entrata enterprise software, data access, modifications, and operations.
Marketing
.
This includes:
Sending you marketing emails with information about the Services, new products, and other news about our company.
To re-engage with prospective Clients who have expressed an interest in our Services.
Administering account access to our Services for the purposes of providing demos/tutorials of the Services to prospective Clients.
Communicating with you
.
This includes:
Providing and improving our customer service.
Tracking and responding to Clients' inquiries, reports, reviews, or correspondence regarding the Services.
Facilitating communications generally in the context of our business activities.
Sending administrative information to Clients, such as changes to our terms, conditions, and policies.
Facilitating social sharing functionality that you choose to use.
Responding to your inquiries, for example, when you send us questions, suggestions, compliments or complaints, or when you request further information about the Services.
Operations and general business purposes
.
This includes:
Processing and completing transactions, and sending you related information, including alerts and notifications about Services purchased, purchase confirmations, and invoices.
Data analysis, for example, to improve the efficiency of our Services.
Audits, to verify that our internal processes function as intended and to address legal, regulatory, or contractual requirements.
Fraud prevention and fraud security monitoring purposes, for example, to detect and prevent cyberattacks or attempts to commit identity theft, or to determine a prospective Client’s creditworthiness.
Enhancing, improving, repairing, maintaining, or modifying our current Services.
Identifying usage trends, for example, understanding which parts of our Services are of most interest to users.
Operating and expanding our organization's activities, for example, understanding which parts of our Services are of most interest to our Clients so we can focus our energies on meeting our Clients' interests.
Accounting, recordkeeping, backup, and administrative purposes.
Use of De-identified Personal Information.
“De-identified” means information that cannot reasonably be used to infer information about, or otherwise be linked to, a particular consumer.  We de-identify Personal Information to generate other data for our use, which we may use and disclose for any purpose, as it no longer identifies you or any other individual.  Where we maintain or use de-identified data, we will continue to maintain and use the de-identified data only in a de-identified fashion and will not attempt to re-identify the data.
Who We Disclose Personal Information To
‍
We disclose Personal Information that we collect to:
Affiliates.
We may disclose Personal Information to any of our subsidiaries and affiliates within the Entrata corporate group in order to provide the Services.
Service Providers.
We may disclose Personal Information to our service providers who perform certain services necessary to run our business (for example, data hosting and development, data analysis, customer relationship management, customer service, payments, information technology, marketing, auditing, and other services), provided that these service providers have entered into legally binding agreements with us to protect the Personal Information shared, limit their use, retention, and disclosure of the Personal Information, and assist us with our compliance requirements.
Legal Request.
We may disclose Personal Information to comply with applicable law and our regulatory monitoring and reporting obligations (which may include laws outside your country of residence), to respond to requests from public and government authorities (which may include authorities outside your country of residence), to cooperate with law enforcement, or for other legal reasons.
Business Transfer.
We may disclose Personal Information to a third party in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Entrata’s assets, business, or stock, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, receivership, or similar proceeding in which Personal Information held by Entrata are among the assets to be transferred.
API Transfer.
We may disclose Client Data, at the direction of our Clients, through API to third parties. All API transfers are governed by a separate agreement between Entrata and the third party requesting API access, and all data usage and processing is governed by our Clients' agreements with such third parties.
Enforcement of Our or Others' Rights.
We may disclose Personal Information to external parties the extent that this is necessary to enforce or protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you, or others, including enforcing our Master Services Agreement and any other agreements (such as for billing and collection purposes and fraud prevention).
We collect consent for our SMS Programs on behalf of our Clients, and therefore the sharing of such opt-in or the underlying contact information is only done at the direction of Clients. Information collected through our SMS Programs are not shared with third parties for marketing purposes.
‍
Children
‍
We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the age of sixteen without authorization by a holder of parental responsibility. If you believe that we may have collected Personal Information from or about a child under the age of sixteen, please send an email to
dataprivacy@entrata.com
with the subject line "Personal Information of a Minor."
‍
How We Protect Your Personal Information
‍
We seek to use commercially reasonable organizational, technical and administrative measures to protect Personal Information within our organization. Unfortunately, no data transmission or storage system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure, please immediately notify us in accordance with the "Contact Us" section below.Where we collect your payment card information, we will comply with all applicable Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards (PCI-DSS).
‍
Retaining Your Personal Information
‍
We retain Personal Information for the duration of your relationships with us, and where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, to comply with applicable legal, tax or accounting requirements, to enforce our agreements or comply with our legal obligations).  Retention periods may be extended if we are required to preserve your personal information because of litigation, investigations and other similar proceedings, or if a longer retention period is required or permitted by applicable law.
‍
Choices Regarding Your Information
‍
We give you choices regarding our use and disclosure of your Personal Information for marketing purposes. You may opt out from:
Receiving marketing-related emails from us. If you no longer want to receive marketing related emails from us on a going-forward basis, you may opt out by following the "unsubscribe" option contained in any such email.
Receiving other promotional text communications, like SMS. If you no longer want to receive marketing related texts, you may opt out by replying "STOP" to any message you may receive from us.
Keeping Your Information Updated
‍
It is up to you to keep your Personal Information on our Services up to date. You can update your Personal Information by logging into your account. If you are unable to update your Personal Information, you can contact us in accordance with the "Contact Us" section below.
‍
Additional Information For Residents of California and Other Applicable States
‍
In this section of the Privacy Policy, we provide supplemental information to residents of California and other applicable U.S. states about our collection, use, disclosure, and other processing of their Personal Information.
This section details which categories of Personal Information we collect and process, as well as which categories of Personal Information we disclose to third parties for our operational business purposes, including within the 12 months preceding the date this Privacy Notice was last updated.
‍
We do not sell Personal Information and we do not share or otherwise process Personal Information for purposes of cross-context behavioral advertising, as defined under applicable law.
We have not engaged in such activities in the 12 months preceding the date this Privacy Policy was last updated. Without limiting the foregoing, we do not sell or share the Personal Information of minors under 16 years of age.
We collect and process the following categories of Personal Information. Please see the
”
Personal Information We Collect” section for additional detail on these categories.
Personal Identifiers
.
Disclosed to affiliates; service providers; contest sponsors; legal authorities; other parties in litigation for operational business purposes.
Records Information.
Disclosed to affiliates; service providers; contest sponsors; legal authorities; other parties in litigation for operational business purposes.
Employment Information.
Disclosed to affiliates; service providers for operational business purposes.
Commercial Information.
Disclosed to affiliates; service providers; contest sponsors; legal authorities; other parties in litigation for operational business purposes.
Internet or network activity information.
Disclosed to affiliates; service providers for operational business purposes.
Audio Data.
Disclosed to affiliates; service providers for operational business purposes.
Inferences
.
Disclosed to affiliates; service providers for operational business purposes.
Subject to your consent where required by applicable law, we use sensitive personal information only as reasonably necessary to perform or maintain the Services you requested, to perform services on behalf of the business such as maintaining or servicing accounts, processing payments, to provide analytics services or similar services, to verify your information, to detect security incidents, resist malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal actions and to prosecute those responsible for those actions, to ensure the integrity, security, and safety of our systems, to display first party, non-personalized advertising for short term transient purposes, to ensure customers and other peoples’ physical safety, to verify or maintain the quality or safety of service, improve, upgrade or enhance service, or other reasons that do not require an opt-out of this use under applicable laws.
‍
Individual Requests
Important Note:
If you are a Resident and your property manager is a Client of Entrata’s, please contact your property manager directly to review their privacy notices and make a privacy rights request. Subject to applicable law, Clients, Client Staff, and Visitors may make the following requests:
Right to know and access your Personal Information.
You may request the specific pieces of Personal Information we have collected about you and to know:
the categories of Personal Information we’ve collected or “shared”;
the categories of sources from which we collected such Personal Information;
the business or commercial purpose for collecting or “sharing” such Personal Information;
the categories of third parties to whom we disclosed or “shared” such Personal Information.
Right to correct Personal Information.
You may request we correct any inaccurate information we have about you. We may request that you provide documentation to support your request.
Right to deletion of Personal Information.
You may request deletion of Personal Information collected from you, subject to certain exceptions including that we need the Personal Information to:
complete a transaction or provide a Service you requested, service your account, or take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship;
detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities;
comply with a legal obligation; or
otherwise use your Personal Information, internally, in a lawful manner that is compatible with the context in which you provided the information.
Non-discrimination right.
We will not discriminate against you if you exercise any of the privacy rights described in this Notice.
Submitting a request
: If you are a Resident, you should contact the Client with which you have or have had, a direct relationship. If you are a Client, Client Staff, or a Visitor, please send an email to
dataprivacy@entrata.com
, fill out this
form
, or call us toll-free at 1-877-826-9700. We will verify and respond to your request consistent with applicable law, taking into account the type and sensitivity of the Personal Information subject to the request.  In some instances, we may decline to honor your request where the law or right you are invoking does not apply or where an exception applies.  We may need to request appropriate identification, depending on the sensitivity of the information requested, to verify your identity and protect against fraudulent requests. Residents of applicable U.S. states are limited to two requests for Personal Information per twelve-month period.
Requests from authorized agents may be submitted via the same methods listed above.  Not all kinds of requests can be made by authorized agents in all states.  We may request proof of status as an authorized agent or require the consumer to directly verify their identity with us.
Entrata does not disclose Personal Information to third parties, except to its wholly owned subsidiaries, for their direct marketing purposes. Residents of applicable U.S. states who wish to opt-out of the sharing on a go-forward basis may contact us in accordance with the "How to Contact Us" section below.
‍
Residents’ Rights With Respect to Client Data
‍
As described above, we also process Personal Information pertaining to Residents submitted by or for a Client to our Services.  To this end, if not stated otherwise in this Privacy Notice or in a separate disclosure, we process such Personal Information as a service provider on behalf of our Clients, who are the controllers of Resident Personal Information.  We are not responsible for and have no control over the privacy and data security practices of our Clients, which may differ from those explained in this Privacy Notice.
If you are a Resident, please contact your property manager directly if you have any questions about how your property manager collects, stores, or uses your Personal Information.
How to Contact Us
‍
If you have any questions or complaints related to our practices with respect to the collection, use, or disclosure of Personal Information, please feel free to contact us at
dataprivacy@entrata.com
, or call our toll-free number: 1-877-826-9700. If by written mail, please send to:
Attn: Legal Department
4205 Chapel Ridge Road
Lehi, UT 84043
X
Cookie Consent
We use cookies and services to understand how you use our site and to improve your browsing experience. By clicking "Accept Cookies" or closing this banner, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device. To find out more, please view our Privacy Policy.
Accept Cookies
Decline