NETSHADE POLICIES
PRIVACY POLICY
We do not share customer information with third-parties
. We maintain a database of software registration codes, as well as a database of orders. This information is considered private and privileged between the customer and Rayner Software.
We sometimes send product announcements and marketing emails. Recipients are given a 1-click unsubscribe link.
We do not track user activity on our VPN or proxy servers
. We have no browsing history on our users.
ORDERS & ACCOUNTS
The order page and the pages it communicates with all require encrypted transport using HTTPS. Credit card numbers are not stored on our server, except for auto-renewing subscriptions. Credit card orders are processed by Chase, using the Chase Paymentech system. PayPal orders are processed by PayPal via their Checkout 2.0 widget.
RETURN POLICY
Any purchase made through our website may be returned within 30 days for a full refund. Please contact us via the support form to request a refund. Purchases made through Apple's App Store must be refunded through Apple.
THE NETSHADE USER AGREEMENT
View the document
NETSHADE LEGAL & DATA RETENTION
Acceptable Use
No person may use the NetShade Proxy and VPN servers in any illegal capacity, including but not limited to the unlicensed transfer of copyrighted materials, fraud, blackmail, spamming, threats to induce harm, or exploitation of a minor. Such cases may be subject to the disclosure policies defined below. No person may use NetShade in such a way as to cause deliberate harm to NetShade’s systems and services, including but not limited to DoS attacks or flooding. Such accounts will be deactivated.
Logging Policies
NetShade does not maintain activity logs on the users of the NetShade Proxy and VPN servers. Total logins and time of most recent login are recorded, along with the most recent connection IP address for user accounts. This data is used for mitigation of DDoS or other attacks on the NetShade server network.
Data Disclosure
We will not divulge any user data to any third party unless compelled by a search warrant or legal order.
Use of Log Data
Activity log data will never be used for marketing, research, or any other purpose outside of those specified above. Log data or derivatives thereof shall never be offered for sale in any form to any party.