PocketGuide, Inc. Privacy Policy
Effective as of November 26th, 2012
This privacy policy governs your use of the PocketGuide software application ("Application") on a mobile device that is owned by PocketGuide, Inc.  The Application serves as a city guide application that functions off of audio cues. In addition to being a tour guide, the Application also provides you with the ability to create photos, videos, and audio notes that can be compiled into a 3D video keepsake that can be shared with friends and family.
Please read this Privacy Policy to learn more about how PocketGuide treats personally identifiable information. We follow principles that are supported by the U.S. Federal Trade Commission's Fair Information Practices Principles, currently available at
http://www.ftc.gov/reports/privacy3/fairinfo.htm
. If you have comments, suggestions, questions, or concerns about our Privacy Policy, please contact us at the email and/or mailing address provided at the end of this policy.
User Provided Information - The Application obtains the information you provide when you download and register the Application. Registration with us is optional. However, please keep in mind that you may not be able to use some of the features offered by the Application unless you register with us.
When you register with us and use the Application, you generally provide: (a) your name, email address, age, user name, password and other registration information; (b) transaction-related information, such as when you make purchases, respond to any offers, or download or use applications from us; (c) information you provide us when you contact us for help; (d) credit card information for purchase and use of the Application, and; (e) information you enter into our system when using the Application, such as photos, videos, and audio notes. We may also use the information you provided us to contact your from time to time to provide you with important information, required notices and marketing promotions.
Automatically Collected Information - In addition, the Application may collect certain information automatically, such as the type of mobile device you use, your mobile devices unique device ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browsers you use, and information about the way you use the Application.
Does the Application collect precise real time location information of the device?
This application does collect precise information about the location of your device. This application collects precise information about the location of your device. It tracks your path, the places you visited, the pictures, videos, comments you made and your interactions with the user interface. We use your location information to provide requested location services, and learn your travel habits to provide you with tailor-made offers based on your requirements. We also use this information to share it with third parties for their independent use.
Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the Application?
Yes. We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement.
We may disclose User Provided and Automatically Collected Information:
to provide products and services to you which include the following:
To process orders you may place.
To assist those who help us in designing and operating the Application or help us analyze collected data.
To send you information or materials via email about products, offers, and news we think might interest you. This information may relate to products, offers, and news of PocketGuide or its licensees or selected commercial partners.
To analyze use and learn about the interests of our users in the aggregate and also on a personal level to better understand your interests and needs, so we can improve our products and services and deliver to you the type of content, features, and promotions that you are most interested in.
To publish aggregate statistics regarding our user base. For example, we may choose to publish statistics regarding how many registered PocketGuide users live in the U.S. versus how many live in Europe.
as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process;
when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;
with our trusted services providers who work on our behalf, do not have an independent use of the information we disclose to them, and have agreed to adhere to the rules set forth in this privacy statement.
if PocketGuide, Inc. is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our website of any change in ownership or uses of this information, as well as any choices you may have regarding this information;
Automatic Data Collection and Advertising
We may work with analytics companies to help us understand how the Application is being used, such as the frequency and duration of usage.   We may also share encrypted versions of information you have provided in order to enable our partners to append other available information about you for analysis.
What are my opt-out rights?
Opt-out of all information collection by uninstalling the Application - You can stop all collection of information by the Application easily by uninstalling the Application. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network.
Data Retention Policy, Managing Your Information
We will retain User Provided data for as long as you use the Application and for a reasonable time thereafter. If you'd like us to delete User Provided Data that you have provided via the Application, please contact us at privacy@mypocketguide.eu and we will respond in a reasonable time. Please note that some or all of the User Provided Data may be required in order for the Application to function properly, and we may be required to retain certain information by law.
Children
We do not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should contact us at privacy@mypocketguide.eu. We will delete such information from our files within a reasonable time.
Security
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our Application. Please be aware that, although we endeavor to provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches. While PocketGuide strives to protect your personal information and privacy, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you disclose online. By using the Application, you expressly acknowledge and agree that we do not guarantee the security of any data provided to or received by us through your use of the Application and that any personal information, general information, or other data or information received from you through your use of the Application is provided to us at your own risk, which you expressly assume.
Changes
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy
here
. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes.
Your Consent
By using the Services, you are consenting to our processing of User Provided and Automatically Collection information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us. "Processing," means using cookies on a computer/hand held device or using or touching information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information, all of which activities will take place in Hungary.  If you reside outside Hungary your information will be transferred to Hungary, and processed and stored there under these privacy standards. By using the Application and providing information to us, you consent to such transfer to, and processing in, Hungary.  Information you provide may be transferred or accessed by entities around the world as described in this Privacy Policy. PocketGuide abides by the ”safe harbor” frameworks set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information collected by organizations in the European Economic Area and Switzerland. Learn more about the
U.S. Department of Commerce Safe Harbor Program
.
Contact us - If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at privacy@mypocketguide.eu.