VALOR PRIVACY POLICY
LAST UPDATED SEPTEMBER 2024
This privacy policy for Quark Games, LLC ("Company," "we," "us," or "our")
  describes how and why we might collect, store, use, and/or share
  ("process") your information when you use our services ("Services"), such
  as when you:
Visit our website at
https://valor-game.com
(or any website of ours that links to this privacy policy)
Download and use our mobile application (Valor), or any other
    application of ours that links to this privacy policy
Engage with us in other related ways, including any sales,
    marketing, or events
Questions or concerns?
Reading this privacy policy will help you understand
  your privacy rights and choices. If you do not agree with our policies and
  practices, please do not use our Services. If you still have any questions
  or concerns, please contact us at valor@quarkgames.com.
SUMMARY OF KEY POINTS
This summary provides key points from our privacy policy, but you can find
  out more details about any of these topics by clicking the link following
  each key point or by using our table of contents below to find the section
  you are looking for.
What personal information do we process?
When you visit, use, or navigate our Services, we may process personal information
  depending on how you interact with Quark Games, LLC and the Services, the
  choices you make, and the products and features you use.
Do we process any sensitive personal information?
We do not process sensitive personal information.
Do we receive any information from third parties?
We do not receive any information from third parties.
How do we process your information?
We process your information to provide,
  improve, and administer our Services, communicate with you, for security
  and fraud prevention, and to comply with law. We may also process your
  information for other purposes with your consent. We process your
  information only when we have a valid legal reason to do so.
In what situations and with which parties do we share personal information?
We may share information in specific situations and with specific third
  parties.
How do we keep your information safe?
We have organizational and technical
  processes and procedures in place to protect your personal information.
  However, no electronic transmission over the internet or information
  storage technology can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, so we cannot
  promise or guarantee that hackers, cybercriminals, or other unauthorized
  third parties will not be able to defeat our security and improperly
  collect, access, steal, or modify your information.
What are your rights?
Depending on where you are located geographically,
  the applicable privacy law may mean you have certain rights regarding your
  personal information.
How do you exercise your rights?
The easiest way to exercise your rights is
  by contacting us at valor@quarkgames.com. We will consider and act upon any
  request in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
HOW DO WE PROCESS YOUR INFORMATION?
WHAT LEGAL BASES DO WE RELY ON TO PROCESS YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
WHEN AND WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
DO WE USE COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES?
IS YOUR INFORMATION TRANSFERRED INTERNATIONALLY?
HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?
HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?
WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?
CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES
DO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS HAVE SPECIFIC PRIVACY RIGHTS?
DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS NOTICE?
HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?
HOW CAN YOU REVIEW, UPDATE, OR DELETE THE DATA WE COLLECT FROM YOU?
1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
Personal information you disclose to us
In Short:
We collect personal information that you provide to us.
We collect personal information that you voluntarily provide to us when you
  register on the Services, express an interest in obtaining information
  about us or our products and Services, when you participate in activities
  on the Services, or otherwise when you contact us.
Personal Information Provided by You.
The personal information that we
  collect depends on the context of your interactions with us and the
  Services, the choices you make, and the products and features you use. The
  personal information we collect may include the following:
Names
Email addresses
Usernames
Passwords
Contact preferences
Contact or authentication data
User age
Sensitive Information.
We do not process sensitive information.
Application Data.
If you use our application(s), we also may collect the
  following information if you choose to provide us with access or
  permission:
Geolocation Information:
We may request access or permission to
      track location-based information from your mobile device, either
      continuously or while you are using our mobile application(s), to
      provide certain location-based services.
Mobile Device Access:
We may request access or permission to
      certain features from your mobile device, including your mobile
      device's storage, and other features. If you wish to change our
      access or permissions, you may do so in your device's settings.
Mobile Device Data:
We automatically collect device information
      (such as your mobile device ID, model, and manufacturer), operating
      system, version information and system configuration information,
      device and application identification numbers, browser type and
      version, hardware model Internet service provider and/or mobile
      carrier, and Internet Protocol (IP) address (or proxy server). If
      you are using our application(s), we may also collect information
      about the phone network associated with your mobile device, your
      mobile device's operating system or platform, the type of mobile
      device you use, your mobile device's unique device ID, and
      information about the features of our application(s) you accessed.
Push Notifications:
We may request to send you push notifications
      regarding your account or certain features of the application(s).
      If you wish to opt out from receiving these types of
      communications, you may turn them off in your device's settings.
This information is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation
  of our application(s), for troubleshooting, and for our internal analytics
  and reporting purposes.
All personal information that you provide to us must be true, complete, and
  accurate, and you must notify us of any changes to such personal
  information.
Information automatically collected
In Short:
Some information — such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address
    and/or browser and device characteristics — is collected automatically when
    you visit our Services.
We automatically collect certain information when you visit, use, or
  navigate the Services. This information does not reveal your specific
  identity (like your name or contact information) but may include device and
  usage information, such as your IP address, browser and device
  characteristics, operating system, language preferences, referring URLs,
  device name, country, location, information about how and when you use our
  Services, and other technical information. This information is primarily
  needed to maintain the security and operation of our Services, and for our
  internal analytics and reporting purposes.
Like many businesses, we also collect information through cookies and
  similar technologies.
The information we collect includes:
Log and Usage Data:
Log and usage data is service-related,
      diagnostic, usage, and performance information our servers
      automatically collect when you access or use our Services and which
      we record in log files. Depending on how you interact with us, this
      log data may include your IP address, device information, browser
      type, and settings and information about you activity in the
      Services (such as the date/time stamps associated with your usage,
      pages and files viewed, searches, and other actions you take such
      as which features you use), device event information (such as
      system activity, error reports (sometimes called "crash dumps"),
      and hardware settings).
Device Data:
We collect device data such as information about your
      computer, phone, tablet, or other device you use to access the
      Services. Depending on the device used, this device data may
      include information such as your IP address (or proxy server),
      device and application identification numbers, location, browser
      type, hardware model, Internet service provider and/or mobile
      carrier, operating system, and system configuration information.
Location Data:
We collect location data such as information about
      your device's location, which can be either precise or imprecise.
      How much information we collect depends on the type and settings of
      the device you use to access the Services. For example, we may use
      GPS and other technologies to collect geolocation data that tells
      us your current location (based on your IP address). You can opt
      out of allowing us to collect this information either by refusing
      access to the information or by disabling your Location setting on
      your device. However, if you choose to opt out, you may not be able
      to use certain aspects of the Services.
2. HOW DO WE PROCESS YOUR INFORMATION?
In Short:
We process your information to provide, improve, and administer
    our Services, communicate with you, for security and fraud prevention, and
    to comply with law. We may also process your information for other purposes
    with your consent.
We process your personal information for a variety of reasons, depending on
  how you interact with our Services, including:
To facilitate account creation and authentication and otherwise
    manage user accounts. We may process your information so you can
    create and log in to your account, as well as keep your account in
    working order.
To deliver and facilitate delivery of services to the user. We may
    process your information to provide you with the requested service.
To respond to user inquiries/offer support to users. We may process
    your information to respond to your inquiries and solve any
    potential issues you might have with the requested service.
To send administrative information to you. We may process your
    information to send you details about our products and services,
    changes to our terms and policies, and other similar information.
To fulfill and manage your orders. We may process your information
    to fulfill and manage your orders, payments, returns, and exchanges
    made through the Services.
To enable user-to-user communications. We may process your
    information if you choose to use any of our offerings that allow
    for communication with another user.
To request feedback. We may process your information when necessary
    to request feedback and to contact you about your use of our
    Services.
To protect our Services. We may process your information as part of
    our efforts to keep our Services safe and secure, including fraud
    monitoring and prevention.
To identify usage trends. We may process information about how you
    use our Services to better understand how they are being used so we
    can improve them.
To determine the effectiveness of our marketing and promotional
    campaigns. We may process your information to better understand how
    to provide marketing and promotional campaigns that are most
    relevant to you.
To save or protect an individual's vital interest. We may process
    your information when necessary to save or protect an individual's
    vital interest, such as to prevent harm.
3. WHAT LEGAL BASES DO WE RELY ON TO PROCESS YOUR INFORMATION?
In Short:
We only process your personal information when we believe it is
    necessary and we have a valid legal reason (i.e., legal basis) to do so
    under applicable law, like with your consent, to comply with laws, to
    provide you with services to enter into or fulfill our contractual
    obligations, to protect your rights, or to fulfill our legitimate business
    interests.
The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and UK GDPR require us to
  explain the valid legal bases we rely on in order to process your personal
  information. As such, we may rely on the following legal bases to process
  your personal information:
Consent.
We may process your information if you have given us
      permission (i.e., consent) to use your personal information for a
      specific purpose. You can withdraw your consent at any time.
Performance of a Contract.
We may process your personal
      information when we believe it is necessary to fulfill our
      contractual obligations to you, including providing our Services or
      at your request prior to entering into a contract with you.
Legitimate Interests.
We may process your information when we
      believe it is reasonably necessary to achieve our legitimate
      business interests and those interests do not outweigh your
      interests and fundamental rights and freedoms. For example, we may
      process your personal information for some of the purposes
      described in order to:
Send users information about special offers and discounts on
          our products and services
Develop and display personalized and relevant advertising
          content for our users
Analyze how our Services are used so we can improve them to
          engage and retain users
Support our marketing activities
Diagnose problems and/or prevent fraudulent activities
Understand how our users use our products and services so we
          can improve user experience
Legal Obligations.
We may process your information where we
      believe it is necessary for compliance with our legal obligations,
      such as to cooperate with a law enforcement body or regulatory
      agency, exercise or defend our legal rights, or disclose your
      information as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.
Vital Interests.
We may process your information where we
      believe it is necessary to protect your vital interests or the
      vital interests of a third party, such as situations involving
      potential threats to the safety of any person.
4. WHEN AND WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
In Short:
We may share information in specific situations described in
    this section and/or with the following third parties.
We may need to share your personal information in the following situations:
Business Transfers.
We may share or transfer your information in
      connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of
      company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of
      our business to another company.
Affiliates.
We may share your information with our affiliates, in
      which case we will require those affiliates to honor this privacy
      notice. Affiliates include our parent company and any subsidiaries,
      joint venture partners, or other companies that we control or that
      are under common control with us.
Business Partners.
We may share your information with our business
      partners to offer you certain products, services, or promotions.
5. DO WE USE COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES?
5. DO WE USE COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES?
In Short:
We may use cookies and other tracking technologies to collect and
    store your information.
We may use cookies and similar tracking technologies (like web beacons and
  pixels) to access or store information. Specific information about how we
  use such technologies and how you can refuse certain cookies is set out in
  our Cookie Notice.
6. IS YOUR INFORMATION TRANSFERRED INTERNATIONALLY?
In Short:
We may transfer, store, and process your information in countries
    other than your own.
Our servers are located in the United States. If you are accessing our
  Services from outside the United States, please be aware that your
  information may be transferred to, stored, and processed by us in our
  facilities and by those third parties with whom we may share your personal
  information, in the United States and other countries.
If you are a resident in the European Economic Area (EEA) or United Kingdom
  (UK), then these countries may not necessarily have data protection laws or
  other similar laws as comprehensive as those in your country. However, we
  will take all necessary measures to protect your personal information in
  accordance with this privacy notice and applicable law.
7. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?
In Short:
We keep your information for as long as necessary to fulfill the
    purposes outlined in this privacy notice unless otherwise required by law.
We will only keep your personal information for as long as it is necessary
  for the purposes set out in this privacy notice, unless a longer retention
  period is required or permitted by law (such as tax, accounting, or other
  legal requirements). No purpose in this notice will require us to keep your
  personal information for longer than the period of time in which users have
  an account with us.
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal
  information, we will either delete or anonymize such information, or, if
  this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has
  been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal
  information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is
  possible.
8. HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?
In Short:
We aim to protect your personal information through a system of
    organizational and technical security measures.
We have implemented appropriate and reasonable technical and organizational
  security measures designed to protect the security of any personal
  information we process. However, despite our safeguards and efforts to
  secure your information, no electronic transmission over the Internet or
  information storage technology can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, so we
  cannot promise or guarantee that hackers, cybercriminals, or other
  unauthorized third parties will not be able to defeat our security and
  improperly collect, access, steal, or modify your information. Although we
  will do our best to protect your personal information, transmission of
  personal information to and from our Services is at your own risk. You
  should only access the Services within a secure environment.
9. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?
Here is the rewritten content in HAML format for your game "Valor" by Quark Games, LLC:
```haml
9. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?
In Short:
In some regions, such as the European Economic Area (EAA), United Kingdom (UK), and Canada, you have rights that allow you greater access to and control over your personal information. You may review, change, or terminate your account at any time.
In certain regions (like the EAA, UK, and Canada), you have specific rights under applicable data protection laws. These may include the rights (i) to request access and obtain a copy of your personal information, (ii) to request rectification or erasure; (iii) to restrict the processing of your personal information; and (iv) if applicable, to data portability. Under certain circumstances, you may also have the right to object to the processing of your personal information. You can make such a request by contacting us using the contact details provided in the section “HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?” below.
We will consider and act upon any request in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
If you are located in the EAA or UK and believe we are unlawfully processing your personal information, you also have the right to complain to your local data protection supervisory authority. You can find their contact details here:
https://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.htm
.
Withdrawing your consent:
If we rely on your consent to process your personal information—whether express or implied depending on applicable law—you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. You can withdraw it by contacting us using the contact details provided in “HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?” below or updating your preferences.
However, please note that this will not affect the lawfulness of processing before its withdrawal nor will it affect processing conducted under lawful grounds other than consent when applicable law allows.
Opting out of marketing and promotional communications:
You can unsubscribe from our marketing communications at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link in our emails or by contacting us using details provided in “HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?” below. You will then be removed from our marketing lists. However, we may still communicate with you—for example, sending service-related messages necessary for account administration or responding to service requests.
Account Information
If you would like to review or change how information is handled in your account or terminate it altogether, you can:
Log into your account settings and update your user profile.
Upon receiving a request for account termination, we will deactivate or delete your account along with its associated information from our active databases. However, we may retain some information in our files for fraud prevention purposes, troubleshooting issues, assisting investigations, enforcing legal terms and/or complying with legal requirements.
Cookies and similar technologies:
    Most web browsers are set up to accept cookies by default. If preferred, you can usually adjust browser settings to remove cookies or reject them entirely. Please note that doing so could impact certain features or services of our app. To opt out of interest-based advertising by advertisers on our services visit
http://aboutads.info/choices/
.
If you have questions about privacy rights related inquiries feel free to email us at
valor+privacy@quarkgames.com
.
10. CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES
Most web browsers along with some mobile operating systems include a Do-Not-Track (“DNT”) feature allowing users signal their preference against having data about online activities monitored & collected. Currently no uniform technology standard exists for recognizing & implementing DNT signals; therefore we do not respond currently respond DNT browser signals nor other mechanisms communicating choices against being tracked online.
If standards arise regarding online tracking which require compliance moving forward we'll inform users through revised versions of this notice.
11. DO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS HAVE SPECIFIC PRIVACY RIGHTS? %p %em %strong In Short: Yes, if you are a resident of California, you are granted specific rights regarding access to your personal information.
California Civil Code Section 1793.83, also known as the “Shine the Light'' law, permits our users who are California residents to request and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, information about categories of personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared personal information in the immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing to us using the contact information provided below.
If you are under 18 years of age, reside in California, and have a registered account with Services, you have the right to request removal of unwanted data that you publicly post on the Services. To request removal of such data, please contact us using the contact information provided below and include the email address associated with your account and a statement that you reside in California. We will make sure the data is not publicly displayed on the Services, but please be aware that the data may not be completely or comprehensively removed from all our systems (e.g., backups, etc.). %p %strong CCPA Privacy Notice %p The California Code of Regulations defines a “resident” as: %ol %li %p Every individual who is in the State of California for other than a temporary or transitory purpose and %li %p Every individual who is domiciled in the State of California who is outside the State of California for a temporary or transitory purpose %p All other individuals are defined as “non-residents.” %p If this definition of “resident” applies to you, we must adhere to certain rights and obligations regarding your personal information. %p What categories of personal information do we collect? %p We have collected the following categories of personal information in the past twelve (12) months: %table.table %tbody %tr %td Category %td Examples %td Collected %tr %td %ol %li %p Identifiers %td %p Contact details, such as real name, alias, postal address, telephone or mobile contact number, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, and account name %td %p YES %tr %td %ol{start: "2"} %li %p Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Record statute %td %p Name, contact information, education, employment, employment history, and financial information %td %p YES %tr %td %ol{start: "3"} %li %p Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law %td %p Gender and date of birth %td %p YES %tr %td %ol{start: "4"} %li %p Commercial information %td %p Transaction information, purchase history, financial details, and payment information %td %p YES %tr %td %ol{start: "5"} %li %p Biometric information %td %p Fingerprints and voiceprints %td %p NO %tr %td %ol{start: "6"} %li %p Internet or other similar network activity %td %p Browsing history, search history, online behavior, interest data, and interactions with our and other websites, applications, systems, and advertisements %td %p YES %tr %td %ol{start: "7"} %li %p Geolocation data %td %p Device location %td %p YES %tr %td %ol{start: "8"} %li %p Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information %td %p Images and audio, video or call recordings created in connection with our business activities %td %p NO %tr %td %ol{start: "9"} %li %p Professional or employment-related information %td %p Business contact details in order to provide you our Services at a business level or job title, work history, and professional qualifications if you apply for a job with us %td %p NO %tr %td %ol{start: "10"} %li %p Educational Information %td %p Student records and directory information %td %p NO %tr %td %ol{start: "11"} %li %p Inferences drawn from other personal information %td %p Inferences drawn from any of the collected personal information listed above to create a profile or summary about, for example, an individual’s preferences and characteristics %td %p YES %p We may also collect other personal information outside of these categories through instances where you interact with us in person, online, or by phone or mail in the context of: %ul %li %p Receiving help through our customer support channels; %li %p Participation in customer surveys or contests; and %li %p Facilitation in the delivery of our Services and to respond to your inquiries %p %strong How do we use and share your personal information? %p Quark Games, LLC collects and shares your personal information through: %ul %li %p Targeting cookies/Marketing cookies %li %p Social Media cookies %p More information about our data collection and sharing practices can be found in this privacy notice. %p You may contact us by email at info@valor-game.com, or by referring to the contact details at the bottom of this document. %p If you are using an authorized agent to exercise your right to opt out we may deny a request if the authorized agent does not submit proof that they have been validly authorized to act on your behalf. %p %strong Will your information be shared with anyone else? %p We may disclose your personal information with our service providers pursuant to a written contract between us and each service provider. Each service provider is a for-profit entity that processes the information on our behalf. %p We may use your personal information for our own business purposes, such as for undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration. This is not considered to be “selling” of your personal information. %p Quark Games, LLC has not sold any personal information to third parties for a business or commercial purpose in the preceding twelve (12) months. Quark Games, LLC has disclosed the following categories of personal information to third parties for a business or commercial purpose in the preceding twelve (12) months: %ul %li %p Category A: Identifiers, such as contact details like your real name, alias, postal address, telephone or mobile contact number, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, and account name. %li %p Category B: Personal Information, as defined in the California Customer Records law, such as your name, contact information, education, employment, employment history, and financial information. %li %p Category C: Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law, such as gender or date of birth. %li %p Category D: Commercial information, such as transaction information, purchase history, financial details, and payment confirmation. %li %p Category F: Internet or other electronic network activity information, such as browsing history, search history, online behavior, interest data, and interactions with our and other websites, applications, systems, and advertisements. %li %p Category G: Geolocation data, such as device location. %p The categories of third parties to whom we disclosed personal information for a business or commercial purpose can be found under “WHEN AND WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?”. %p %strong Your rights with respect to your personal data %p Right to request deletion of the data – Request to delete %p You can ask for the deletion of your personal information. If you ask us to delete your personal information, we will respect your request and delete your personal information, subject to certain exceptions provided by law, such as (but not limited to) the exercise by another consumer of his or her right to free speech, our compliance requirements resulting from a legal obligation, or any processing that may be required to protect against illegal activities. %p %u Right to be informed – Request to know %p Depending on the circumstances, you have a right to know: %ul %li %p Whether we collect and use your personal information; %li %p The categories of personal information that we collect; %li %p The purposes for which the collected personal information is used; %li %p Whether we sell your personal information to third parties; %li %p The categories of personal information that we sold or disclosed for a business purpose; %li %p The categories of third parties to whom the personal information was sold or disclosed for a business purpose; and %li %p The business or commercial purpose for collection or selling personal information. %p In accordance with applicable law, we are not obligated to provide or delete consumer information that is de-identified in response to a consumer request or to re-identify individual data to verify a consumer request. %p %u Right to Non-Discrimination for the Exercise of a Consumer’s Privacy Rights %p We will not discriminate against you if you exercise your privacy rights. %p %u Verification process %p Upon receiving your request, we will need to verify your identity to determine you are the same person about whom we have the information in our system. These verification efforts require us to ask you to provide information so that we can match it with information you have previously provided us. For instance, depending on the type of request you submit, we may ask you to provide certain information so that we can match the information you provide with the information we already have on file, or we may contact you through a communication method (e.g., phone or email) that you have previously provided to us. We may also use other verification methods as circumstances dictate. %p We will only use personal information provided in your request to verify your identity or authority to make the request. To the extent possible, we will avoid requesting additional information from you for the purposes of verification. However, if we cannot verify your identity from the information already maintained by us, we may request that you provide additional information for the purposes of verifying your identity and for security or fraud-prevention purposes. We will delete such additionally provided information as soon as we finish verifying you. %p %u Other privacy rights %ul %li %p You may object to the processing of your personal information. %li %p You may request correction of your personal data if it is incorrect or no longer relevant, or ask to restrict the processing of the information. %li %p You can designate an authorized agent to make a request under the CCPA on your behalf. We may deny a request from an authorized agent that does not submit proof that they have been validly authorized to act on your behalf in accordance with the CCPA. %li %p You may request to opt out from future selling of your personal information to third parties. Upon receiving an opt-out request, we will act upon the request as soon as feasibly possible, but no later than fifteen (15) days from the date of the request submission. %p To exercise these rights, you can contact us by email at info@valor-game.com, or by referring to the contact details at the bottom of this document. If you have a complaint about how we handle your data, we would like to hear from you. %h4 12. DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS NOTICE? %p %em %strong In Short: Yes, we will update this notice as necessary to stay compliant with relevant laws. %p We may update this privacy notice from time to time. The updated version will be indicated by an updated “Revised” date and the updated version will be effective as soon as it is accessible. If we make material changes to this privacy notice, we may notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to review this privacy notice frequently to be informed of how we are protecting your information. %h4 13. HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE? %p If you have question or comments about this notice