Legal information
CGU
CGV
Cookie policy
Privacy policy
Legal notice
About METEO CONSULT
The company
Join us
Contact us
Better understand
The METEO CONSULT model
Map legend
Pictogram legends
Glossary
Page
Privacy policy
Privacy Policy
METEO CONSULT (hereinafter “
our Company
”) respects your
                                    privacy. This privacy policy (along with our
General Terms and Conditions of Use
,
                                    our
Cookies Policy
, and any other document or information notice referring to
                                    this policy) informs you of how your personal data is processed
                                    when collected by the Websites at
www.meteoconsult.fr
and
marine.meteoconsult.fr
(hereinafter
                                    “the Websites”), the shipping forecast (Météo Marine) app (hereinafter the “App”) as well as
                                    the services provided through the Websites and App, such as subscription to our
                                    information lists (hereinafter “the Services”).
This policy does not concern any data processing activities undertaken for publication purposes on the Websites
                                    or the App.
To consult our cookies policy, please consult the
Cookies Policy
for
                                    this Website. If you would like to directly change your settings for cookies on this
                                    Website,
please click here
.
The Site and Application are published by METEO CONSULT, a company of the Figaro Group, which also includes the companies
                                    publishing the sites listed
here
, as well as
                                    the companies Figaromédias (advertising agency), CCM Performance (performance marketing company), Zebestof (company specializing
                                    in programmatic advertising/trading desk), and Golden Bees (company specializing in candidate targeting).
This policy provides answers to the following
                                    questions:
What information is collected in the framework of use of the Websites, App and
                                            use of the Services? :
Use of the Website, App and Services lead to collection of personal
                                    data concerning yourself, which you notified to us when
                                    using the Services or contacting us.
Information regarding your activities on the Websites, App and use of the Services, including
                                    connection and browsing data are also collected, without however
                                    allowing for direct identification of users. These data do however allow for association
                                    between the data belonging to a single user, including those collected on the websites/apps
                                    of other entities forming Figaro Group or client websites/apps of our commercial
                                    partners and regardless of the terminal used, and to consequently produce user
                                    profiles for commercial canvassing and advertising purposes. For users with
                                    a Figaro account, the profile generated is directly linked to the user.
Find out more
Who collects your personal data on the Websites, App or via
                                            the Services?
Collection and processing of personal data via the Websites, App and for the purpose
                                    of performance of the Services are primarily undertaken under the liability of the Company.
                                    However, some functions on the Websites, App or the use of some services
                                    such as advertising, access to products and services proposed on the Websites or
                                    the App by third-parties, the use of links towards third-party websites do involve the
                                    processing of your personal data by third parties.
Find out more
Why do we collect personal data?
We collect personal data primarily for the following purposes:
to make it easier to use the Websites, App and Services,
to manage interactions with users and to display adverts on this Website and/or
                                        this App and other websites/apps (such as for
                                        browsing data),
to manage relations with our users/subscribers and more widely any people
                                        with an account, and provide them with the Services subscribed.
to send promotions to our users/subscribers and prospective clients which are
                                        most frequently personalised on the basis of areas of interest and location.
Find out more
For how long is this information stored?
Typically, your personal data are stored in an active database for a
                                    term which complies with legal provisions and/or in proportion with the use for which
                                    they are collected.
Find out more
With whom do we share this information?
Your personal data are sent to our service providers and sub-contractors insofar as
                                    necessary for management of the Websites, App and Services subscribed, with it being
                                    understood that some services may be provided by other entities of Figaro Group.
                                    Subject to your consent where required, these data may be shared
                                    with other entities of Figaro Group and our commercial partners, so as to allow us
                                    to offer you promotions, including third-parties, as well as for
                                    advertising which is, most frequently, personalised around your areas of interest and/or location.
Find out more
What is the legal basis for data collection?
We only collect personal data when we have a
                                    legal basis to do so (contract, legitimate interest, consent, legal obligations).
Find out more
How do you protect the security of my personal data?
We implement measures aimed at ensuring the security of the Websites, the App
                                    and the Services to protect your personal data against any access by unauthorised
                                    third-parties.
Find out more
Are personal data transferred outside of the European Union?
We store all Personal Data inside the European Union. However, it is
                                    possible that some data we collect when using our Websites, our
                                    App or our Services be transferred outside of the EU towards countries with
                                    data protection legislation which is different to that
                                    applicable in France.  In this instance, we implement all guarantees for which provision is made
                                    by data protection legislation to ensure a suitable
                                    level of protection of the data transferred.
Find out more
How can you unsubscribe from newsletters, manage options for communication
                                            and commercial canvassing?
At any time you can unsubscribe from newsletters and manage your options for
                                    commercial canvassing.
Find out more
What can you do if you do not want to receive targeted ads?
At any time you can withdraw your consent for use of technologies by our
                                    commercial partners for targeted ads.
Please note however that refusing targeted ads only means that the ads displayed on this
                                    Website or on areas providing Services will no longer be adapted to your areas of interest. This
                                    will not affect or prevent the display and receipt of other types of untargeted
                                    ads.
Find out more
How can you access your personal data? How can you correct and delete personal data
                                            or exercise your other rights?
You have several rights (access, amendment, deletion, objection and limitation,
                                    claims and portability, etc.) in accordance with data protection legislation
                                    which allow you to control the processing activities of your
                                    personal data.
Find out more
How can you contact us?
How are you notified of any changes to this policy?
What information is collected in the framework of
                                            use of the Websites, the App and the Services?
We collect several categories of personal data:
The data which you send to us:
this involves your identification and contact information
                                    (such as your surname, given names, civil status, email address, postal address,
                                    telephone number, preferences, service subscribed, subject of a request when you write to us
                                    or contact one of our advisors, your login details, information regarding your
                                    payment terms and/or bank details, etc.) which you send to use when
                                    subscribing to any of our Services or take part in any event, or
                                    when contacting us.
Data generated when using the Websites, App and
                                            Services when you have logged in
(such as comments, areas of interests, your
                                    options regarding commercial canvassing, the frequency and volume of use of our
                                    services, your logins, etc.).
Data collected automatically by your web browser whether or not you
                                        are logged in:
this concerns information attached to your web browser (such as your online
                                    activities on the Websites or App, pages consulted, etc.). This information is collected both
                                    when you are logged in and when you are not logged in and is cross-referenced
                                    regardless of the terminal or device you are using. These websites use tracing technologies
                                    by advertising and publicity partners: to find out more on this, please
                                    read our
Cookies Policy
.
Geolocation data:
when you log in using the App and
                                    have activated the option, we collect information about your location
                                    to offer you products and services which are suited to your
                                    geographical location. If you do want want us to use your location data for
                                    this purpose, you can deactivate the geolocation function in your
                                    device settings.
Data sent by commercial partners or other entities of
                                        Figaro Group:
this concerns information which is sent to us by
                                    commercial partners or other entities of Figaro Group with whom you have been in
                                    contact and have authorised to share your personal data
                                    with us for commercial canvassing or targeted ads. This may concern socio-demographic
                                    data (such as your socio-professional category, age group,
                                    gender, etc.), contact information (such as your email address, etc.), profile
                                    information (such as your interest in particular products or services, areas of interests, etc.).
Combination of data.
The Company and commercial partners including
                                    some entities of Figaro Group may combine the data collected from all of these
                                    sources with other data they hold and produce profiling
                                    information for targeted ads.
Calls to our advisors.
Furthermore, when contacting any of our advisors, your
                                    conversations are likely to be recorded for quality service monitoring.
Which people collect your personal data
                                            via the Websites, App or Services?
Company Websites, App and Services.
Notwithstanding any indication to the contrary, in the capacity of editor of the
                                    Websites and App, the Company is data controller as defined by
                                    data protection legislation regarding the data processing activities
                                    implemented to ensure proper operation of the Websites, App
                                    and provision of Services.
Ad display.
However, some processing required for ad display
                                        on the Websites or App (for instance sponsored ads or links) are implemented
                                        in whole or in part by commercial partners (who are responsible for the
                                        technologies used to collect data - such as login details
                                        contained in cookies associated with the pages visited), for targeted ads, including
                                        on other websites. We invite you to refer to our cookies policy on this issue
                                    by reading the
Cookies Policy
for this Website.
Third-party services and events.
Some services or events are proposed in the framework of
                                        partnerships (such as the organisation of competitions or events). If, in these instances,
                                        data are also collected by third parties, we will inform you at the time of
                                        subscription. In this instance, it is also necessary, before subscribing to the Services
                                        or taking part in the events, to consult the policies of these third-parties.
Links to other sites.
The Websites may also contain links pointing to other sites
                                        or services proposed by third-parties. This policy is not applicable to these sites or
                                        services. In this instance, we invite you to consult the data protection
                                        policies of these third-party sites or services.
Which people collect your personal data
                                            via the Websites, App or Services?
Browsing on the Websites or App.
In general, you can browse on the
                                        Websites or App without sending us any data which allows you to be
                                        identified. However, some parts of the Websites, App or some of the paid-for content
                                        are only accessible to identified users who have created a user account.
Moreover, free and unrestricted access to content on the Websites, App and some
                                    of the Services are financed by advertising revenue from spaces on the Websites,
                                    the App or from within the Services. To properly display ads which
                                    are of interest to you, the Websites and App use targeted ad
                                    technologies implemented by the Company or its commercial partners. To find out more
                                    about these technologies, we invite you to read our
Cookies Policy
.
Interactions with the Websites, App and Services.
The Company is also led
                                to collect personal data regarding users of the Websites, App and
                                Services in the following cases and for the following purposes:
Creation of a user account, including account approval and security
Subscription to our newsletters, subscription packages and access to our publications
Management of how we contact you for questions, requests for technical
                                        assistance, complaints and claims, calling our advisors
Protecting the security of the Websites, App and Services.
Management of subscribed Services.
We use the data collected to manage
                                    the Services subscribed and to fulfil our contractual obligations, to
                                    undertake account and financial management (billing, payment supervision, processing
                                    claims and incidents, including debt recovery and dispute resolution,
                                    etc.) in accordance with the provisions appearing in our
General Terms and Conditions of Use
.
Promotions.
Subject to your consent where required, we
                                        use data collected on the Websites, App or Services to
                                        manage commercial canvassing, to allow us to offer you specific services
                                        and promotions, organise events, competitions, surveys and
                                        studies.
Ads.
Subject to your consent where required, we establish profiles of
                                        users and targeted ads to send you or display on the Websites or App
                                        offers which match your areas of interest and/or geographical location or
                                        which we believe may be of interest to you, including through the use of technologies installing
                                        Cookies on your device or in the emails which we send. Similarly, our
                                        commercial partners as well as entities in Figaro Group who work in the
                                        advertising sector (Figaromédias, Zebestof and/or CCM Performance) may also establish
                                        such profiles to send you or display on the Websites/App sponsored links,
                                        and to send you or display such content on other sites. This falls within the framework
                                        of increasing traffic and populating the databases operated by Figaro Group, with it
                                        being indicated that none of your data are shard without your consent where this is
                                        required.
When visiting our website, we may share personal data
                                        or other information which we collect from you,
                                        such as your IP address and/or information regarding your web browser or
                                        operating system, with ID5 and other entities within its group,
                                        who act as data controllers.
ID5 uses this information to create a unique identifier
                                        to recognise you when using your devices. This identifier does not include any of your
                                        identifiable personal data.
We may include this identifier in a first party cookie or use an
                                        ID5 cookie and allow this to be used for the publication
                                        of online ads. This ID may be shared by ourselves or on our behalf
                                        with advertising partners and other third-party advertisers
                                        globally to offer content based on your areas of
                                        interest and/or for targeted ads throughout your online
                                        experience (for instance online, in emails, on connected
                                        devices, in-app, etc.). Detailed information regarding ID5 data processing activities
                                        in relation with this ID and the ID5 opt-out are
                                        available in the ID5 platform privacy policy here
                                        :
https://id5.io/platform-privacy-policy
.
You are entitled to withdraw your consent or opt-out of processing
                                        your personal data at any time.
Statistics.
We also use data collected for surveys and
                                        statistics.
Some data are also stored to fulfil our legal obligations and
                                    defend our interest in the event of any legal dispute or proceedings.
For how long is this information stored
                                            ?
Typically, your personal data are stored in an active database for a
                                    term which complies with legal provisions and/or in proportion with the use for which
                                    they are collected.
The terms of storage vary depending on whether we have a current active contractual relation
                                    (you are an active client), whether we had a contractual relation with you in the past
                                    (you are an inactive client) or we never had any relation of this nature with you
                                    (you are a prospective client).
Data related to your browsing on our online services collected through cookies have,
                                    in all instances, a term of storage which may not exceed thirteen (13) months.
The primary terms of storage are indicated hereunder:
Categories
Purposes
Terms of storage
Data regarding an
                                                active client (print or
                                                digital subscription, purchase)
Client account administration
During the entire term
                                                of contractual relations
Data regarding an
                                                inactive client
                                                (print or digital
                                                subscription, purchase)
Sending information about our
                                                publications and offers
3 years after the end of the contract
                                                or the last contact
                                                from an inactive client
Data regarding an
                                                inactive client (subscribed to
                                                newsletters or subscribed
                                                to an online account)
Sending information about our
                                                publications and offers
3 years following
                                                unsubscription or the
                                                last contact from an
                                                inactive client
Data regarding a
                                                prospective client
Creation and administration of a register
                                                of prospective clients
3 years following
                                                data collection or the
                                                last contact from a
                                                prospective client
Data regarding your
                                                browsing activities on our
                                                online services
                                                (cookies)
Operation and improvement of
                                                Websites and services, Website
                                                traffic. Personalisation of
                                                content and targeted ads
13 months maximum
Your personal data may be archived for longer that those durations indicated so as to
                                    fulfil our legal obligations or as proof. Beyond this period, they will then be deleted.
With whom do we share your data?
In the framework of use of the Services, some of your information is sent to our
                                    service providers and sub-contractors who work to provide the Service and in the limits strictly necessary for their
                                    work. Some of these services may be provided by other entities of
                                    Figaro Group. Consequently, your payment information is sent to our payment service providers and
                                    to banks with whom accounts are held for transactions related to
                                    your subscriptions.
Subject to your consent where required or notwithstanding any other options you have made,
                                    personal data concerning Figaro subscribers and account holders (including
                                    name, contact details, subscription history, areas of interest and user profile), as well as
                                    those regarding people who contact us (name, contact details, subject of the request
                                    and response provided), are shared between entities in Figaro Group for centralised
                                    customer management, surveys, analysis and segmentation, and for
                                    commercial canvassing. Some of this information (such as your contact details, your
                                    areas of interest, your age or your socio-professional category,
                                    your geolocation data) may be shared with our commercial partners who
                                    are then likely to send you information regarding their products and services or those of
                                    their clients.
We are also led to share your personal data with our external legal counsel
                                    in the event of any dispute, or with third-parties, such as credit recovery firms,
                                    responsible for recovering unpaid amounts or our service providers who are responsible for
                                    moderating discussion forums on our Websites.
Your personal data may also be shared in those instances not indicated above
                                    with your consent or where we are legally bound by legislation.
                                    Consequently, when you use social media buttons or connect to your account
                                    on the Websites using connection modules managed by these social media sites, your
                                    personal identification data are automatically sent to these social media sites.
In such instance as any Company activities, in whole or in part, should be sold, your
                                    Personal Data will be sent to the buyer to ensure continuity of the Services
                                    and/or, unless you have informed us to the contrary, for commercial canvassing.
What is the legal basis for data collection
                                            which we undertake?
We only collect personal data when we have a
                                legal basis on which to do so.
When necessary for performance of contracts you have subscribed (user account,
                                        subscriptions, etc.), and/or
When necessary for our legitimate interests notably to offer you
                                        adapted content, draw up statistics, to protect the Websites and App
                                        against any unauthorised use.
When necessary to comply with our legal obligations.
Outside of these instance, they will also be collected on the basis of your consent, for
                                    example when you complete a contact form, when you post a
                                    comment on a forum or where consent is legally required (for instance
                                    when sending you an email for partner offers).
How do you protect the security of my
                                            personal data?
Your personal data are protected by technical and organisational
                                    means which comply with French and European legislative and
                                    regulatory requirements, to ensure their security and confidentiality.
In particular, the Company uses protection technology, such as encryption systems,
                                    authentication systems and fraud detection measures to protect your online account,
                                    and your payment transactions.
The Company ensures, through written commitments, that its service providers offer
                                    sufficient guarantees to protect all personal data for which they are responsible for
                                    processing.
Are personal data transferred outside of the
                                            European Union? If so, what guarantees are offered?
We store all Personal Data inside the European Union. However, it is
                                    possible that some data we collect when using our Websites or Services
                                    be transferred outside of the European Union towards countries whose data protection
                                    legislation differs to that applicable in
                                    France.
Such transfers are undertaken with appropriate guarantees in terms of compliance with
                                    data protection regulations applicable.
How can you unsubscribe from newsletters, manage options
                                            in terms of commercial communication
                                            and canvassing?
How can you unsubscribe from newsletters?
After logging in using your identifiers, in the top-right corner of your screen, click on
                                    My Account, and then to manage your email settings, click on My Profile, at the bottom of
                                    the page you can choose which emails you would like to receive.
For weather alert emails, go to My Account, My Daily Emails and click on the
                                    rubbish bin icon in front of those weather alert emails you no longer wish to receive.
What are my options regarding commercial canvassing?
Commercial canvassing.
In accordance with applicable legislation and with your
                                        consent where required, we may use data you provide to us
                                        when creating your account or using the Services for commercial
                                        canvassing (for instance, sending you promotions, including from third-parties,
                                        sending invitations to our events or any other communication which we feel may be of
                                        interest to you). Subject to your consent where required, we may also
                                        share some information with our commercial partners for the purpose of commercial
                                        canvassing.
If you no longer wish for your data to be used in this manner, you can simply
                                    contact us following the process indicated under Contact Us.
Promotional emails
: You can withdraw your consent at any time by:
Ticking the relevant box in your account which can be accessed after logging in via
                                        the section “my account”, “my profile”, at the bottom of the page
Clicking on the unsubscribe link included in each of our emails
Contacting us following the process indicated under Contact Us.
Postal correspondence
you can opt out of this at any time by contacting us
                                        following the process indicated under Contact Us.
What can you do if you do not want to receive targeted
                                            ads?
At any time you can withdraw your consent for use of technologies (cookies, tracers)
                                            for targeted ads (for example to display on our Websites, our App or on
                                            third-party Sites ads which match your user profile or which we consider as being
                                            of interest to you) by changing your settings
here
. For further information, you can
                                    read our
Cookies Policy
Please note however that refusing targeted ads only means that the ads displayed on this
                                    Website or on areas providing Services will no longer be adapted to your areas of interest. This
                                    will not affect or prevent the display and receipt of other types of untargeted
                                    ads.
How can you access your personal data?
                                            How can you correct and delete personal data
                                            or exercise other rights?
Access and copies
You have a right to access and be sent copies of your personal data.
Before responding to any request, we are required by law to confirm your identity.
                                    We may be led to ask that you provide us with more information in order to
                                    fulfil your request. We will strive to answer your request as quickly
                                    as possible.
If you have an account, you can directly access
all data in
                                    your online account, as well as your subscriptions: log in to your account.
This access also allows you to correct, amend or delete your contact details.
If you can not access your account, or to access other data, contact us
                                    following the process indicated under Contact Us.
Request modification of inaccurate personal data
You can also request modification of your personal data
                                    when incorrect and request limited processing whilst they are
                                    corrected.  You can also, depending on the nature of processing, request that any personal
                                    data we hold be completed.  We may, in this instance, ask you
                                    to provide supporting documents.
If you can not access your account or if the data you wish to correct
                                    cannot be corrected by accessing your account, contact us
                                    following the process indicated under Contact Us below.
Withdraw your consent for processing of your personal data
Where processing of your personal data is based on your consent (such as for instance
                                    subscription to a newsletter, entry into a competition,
                                    subscription for an event, the issue of electronic commercial requests for
                                    products and services other than those for which you have subscribed, the use of cookies
                                    and similar technology on this site), at any time you may withdraw
                                    your consent.
This right can be exercised by changing your options for commercial canvassing
                                    and subscriptions to newsletters, and by withdrawing your consent for
                                    installation of cookies using the process outlined in our
Cookies Policy
.
Request deletion of your personal data
You can also request that your personal data be deleted in the following
                                instances:
You consider that processing of your personal data is no longer necessary
                                        given the Services subscribed or your use of the Websites, the
                                        App or those purposes outlined hereinabove in this policy or that their
                                        storage runs contrary to the law
You have withdrawn your consent to data processing (see above:
                                        Withdraw your consent for processing of your personal data)
You object to processing your personal data due to grounds related to your
                                        personal circumstances
You object to use of your personal data for commercial
                                        canvassing
Your personal data were collected online whilst you were a child.
Alternatively and in the limits set forth by law, you can request limited
                                    processing of your personal data.
Please note that notwithstanding your right to deletion or limited processing, we are likely
                                    to store some of your personal data where required or authorised by
                                    law, where we have a legitimate reason to do so, to exercise or defend our
                                    rights in court or where exercising this right harms freedom of
                                    expression and information. For example this is the case if we
                                    believe you have breached our
General Terms and Conditions of Use
.
Issue us with instructions after death
You are also able to define instructions for how we process your Personal Data
                                    after your death.
Exercise your right to data portability
You can, within the limits set forth by law, exercise your right to data portability which allows
                                    you to reclaim all personal data you have sent to us for
                                    creation and administration of your account and subscriptions (e.g. email address,
                                    username, age, list of subscriptions) in an interoperable format.
To exercise your right to data portability, contact us using the process outlined under
                                    Contact Us below.
Contact us
For any questions regarding this data protection policy or for any request regarding
                                your personal data, you can contact us:
Online
by sending an email to the following address:
                                            dpo@meteoconsult.fr
By post
at the following address: METEO CONSULT, Service DPO, 1 rue Jean-
                                        Antoine de Baïf – 78540 Vernouillet
You can also refer a request to the French Data Protection Authority (CNIL) for any claim or complaint regarding the processing of
                                    your personal data.
Important note:
We may amend this policy from time to time in order to reflect
                                    changes in our practices, to further outline our practices or to ensure proper compliance
                                    with regulations in force.
Updated on 05/10/2022
The Weather Crave
METEO CONSULT
Zen subscription
Buoy subscription
Lighthouse subscription
Briefing
English
French
Spanish
Italian
Portuguese
German