Continue to NetDania
Sign in
x
Visit our new
Mobile Website
next time you access NetDania with your mobile device
The NetDania website uses cookies and by continuing below you consent to this. You can
find out more here.
Continue
Home
Products
Click to view our new
Products site
, applications previously available under Products menu have moved to
Apps
Apps
Five Star Chart (HTML5)
NetStation
CharStation
Finance Chart
Quote List
Mobile App - iOS (Apple)
Mobile App - Android
Forex
Stocks
Charts
News
Calendar
Alert Central
Directory
References
References
Partners
Contact Us
Contact Us
Contact Us
Support
NetDania
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Terms And Conditions
Privacy Policy
What this policy covers
Your privacy is important to us, and so is being transparent about how we collect, use, and share information about you.
		This policy is intended to help you understand:
What information we collect about you
How we use information we collect
How we share information we collect
How we store and secure information we collect
How to access and control your information
How we transfer information we collect
			internationally
Other important privacy information
This Privacy Policy covers the information we collect about you when you use our products or services, or otherwise
		interact with us (for example, by attending our webinars and community), unless a different policy is displayed. 
		NetDania ApS, NetDania Creations ApS, NetDania Markets ApS, NetDania SRL, NetDania Technologies SRL (collectively
		"NetDania Group"), we and us refers to NetDania Group and any of our corporate affiliates. We offer a wide
		range of products including our
mobile and desktop
			applications
. We refer to all of these products, together with our other services, including our community, and
		websites as "Services" in this policy.
This policy also explains your choices about how we use information about you. Your choices include how you can object
		to certain uses of information about you and how you can access and update certain information about you.
If you
			do not agree with this policy, do not access or use our Services or interact with any other aspect of our
			business
.
Where we provide the Services under contract with an organisation (for example your employer) that organisation controls
		the information processed by the Services. For more information, please see Notice to End Users below.
What information we collect about you
We collect information about you when you provide it to us, when you use our Services, and when other sources provide it
		to us, as further described below.
Information you provide to us
We collect information about you when you input it into the Services or otherwise provide it directly to us.
Account and Profile Information
: We collect information about you when you register for an
		account, create or modify your profile, set preferences, sign-up for or make purchases through the Services. For
		example, you provide your contact information including your first name, last name, telephone number, e-mail address,
		address , company name if applicable, company website if applicable when you register for the Services. You may also
		have the option of adding a display name, job title, address, telephone number, company name, address, company website
		and other details to your profile information to be processed by our Services.
We keep track of your preferences when you use the Services.
Content you provide through our products
: The Services include our products you use as stated
		above, where we collect and store content that you post, send, receive and share. This content includes any information
		about you that you may choose to include. Examples of content we collect and store include: last login time,
		subscriptions, preferred instruments types, information about alert services and studies that you use, and any feedback
		you provide to us.
Content you provide through our websites
: The Services also include our websites owned or
		operated by us. We collect other content that you submit to these websites, which include social media or social
		networking websites operated by us. For example, you provide content to us when you provide feedback or when you
		participate in any interactive features, surveys, contests, promotions, activities, communities or events.  Content also
		includes the files and links you upload to the Services.
Information you provide through our support channels
: The Services also include our customer
		and user support, where you may choose to submit information regarding an issue you are experiencing with a Service. 
		Whether you designate yourself as a technical contact, open a support ticket, speak to one of our representatives
		directly or otherwise engage with our support team, you will be asked to provide contact information, a summary of the
		problem you are experiencing, and any other documentation, screenshots or information that would be helpful in resolving
		the issue.
Payment Information
: We collect subscription periods when you register for certain paid
		Services, otherwise any data for these services is collected by the relevant party.
Information we collect automatically when you use the Services
We collect information about you when you use our Services, including browsing our websites and taking certain actions
		within the Services.
Your use of the Services
: We keep track of certain information about you when you visit and
		interact with any of our Services. This information includes the features you use; the links you click on; the type,
		size and filenames of attachments you upload to the Services; frequently used search terms; and how you interact with
		others on the Services.
Device and Connection Information
: We collect information about your computer, phone, tablet,
		or other devices you use to access the Services. This device information includes your connection type and settings when
		you install, access, update, or use our Services. We also collect information through your device about your operating
		system, browser type, IP address, URLs of referring/exit pages, device identifiers, and crash data. We use your IP
		address and/or country preference in order to approximate your location to provide you with a better service
		experience.  How much of this information we collect depends on the type and settings of the device you use to access
		the Services.
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
: NetDania Group and our third-party partners, such as
		our advertising and analytics partners, use cookies and other tracking technologies (e.g., web beacons, device
		identifiers and pixels) to provide functionality and to recognise you across different Services and devices. For more
		information, please see our
Cookie and Tracking Policy
, which includes information on how to
		control or opt out of these cookies and tracking technologies.
Information we receive from other sources
We may receive information about you from other Service users, from third-party services, from our related companies, and
		from our business and channel partners.
Other services you link to your account
: We receive information about you when you or your
		administrator integrate or link a third-party service with our Services. For example, if you create an account or log
		into the Services using your Google credentials or Facebook login we receive your name and email address as permitted by
		your Google profile settings in order to authenticate you. You or your administrator may also integrate our Services
		with other services you use, such as to allow you to access, store, share and edit certain content from a third-party
		through our Services. For example, you may authorise our Services to access, display and store files from a third-party
		document-sharing service within the Services interface. Or you may authorise our Services to connect with a third-party
		calendaring service so that your meetings and connections are available to you through the Services. You may authorise
		our Services to sync a contact list or address book so that you can easily connect with those contacts within the
		Services or invite them to collaborate with you on our Services. The information we receive when you link or integrate
		our Services with a third-party service depends on the settings, permissions and privacy policy controlled by that
		third-party service. You should always check the privacy settings and notices in these third-party services to
		understand what data may be disclosed to us or shared with our Services.
NetDania Group
: We receive information about you from companies that are owned or operated by
		NetDania Group, in accordance with their terms and policies.
NetDania Group Partners
: We work with a global network of partners who provide consulting,
		implementation, training and other services around our products. Some of these partners also help us to market and
		promote our products, generate leads for us, and resell our products.
Other Partners
: We receive information about you and your activities on and off the Services
		from third-party partners, such as advertising and market research partners who provide us with information about your
		interest in and engagement with, our Services and online advertisements.
How we use information we collect
How we use the information we collect depends in part on which Services you use, how you use them, and any preferences
		you have communicated to us. Below are the specific purposes for which we use the information we collect about you.
To provide the Services and personalise your experience
: We use information about you to
		provide the Services to you, including to process transactions with you, authenticate you when you log in, provide
		customer and user support, and operate and maintain the Services.  For example, we use the e-mail address you provide in
		your account to identify you to other Service users. Our Services also include tailored features that personalise your
		experience, enhance your productivity, connections and recommendations that are most relevant for you. For example, we
		may use your country in order to provide you, through our Services, with financial news from your country. Where you use
		multiple Services, we combine information about you and your activities to provide an integrated experience, such as to
		allow you to find information from one Service while searching from another or to present relevant product information
		as you travel across our websites.
For research and development
: We are always looking for ways to make our Services smarter,
		faster, secure, integrated, and useful to you. We use collective learnings about how people use our Services and
		feedback provided directly to us to troubleshoot and to identify trends, usage, activity patterns and areas for
		integration and improvement of the Services.  For example we apply these learnings across our Services to improve and
		develop similar features or to better integrate the services you use. We also test and analyse certain new features with
		selected users before rolling the features out to all users.
To communicate with you about the Services
: We use your contact information to send
		transactional communications via email and within the Services, including confirming your purchases, responding to your
		comments, questions and requests, providing customer and user support, and sending you technical notices, updates,
		security alerts, and administrative messages. We also provide tailored communications based on your activity and
		interactions with us. For example, certain actions you take in the Services may automatically trigger a feature or
		third-party app suggestion within the Services. We also send you communications as you on board to a particular Service
		to help you become more proficient in using that Service. These communications are part of the Services but you can opt
		out of them. The Opt-out option is available within the communication itself or in your account settings.
To market, promote and drive engagement with the Services
: We use your contact information and
		information about how you use the Services to send promotional communications that may be of specific interest to you,
		including by email, within our applications and by displaying NetDania Group ads on other companies' websites and
		applications, as well as on platforms. These communications are aimed at driving engagement and maximising what you get
		out of the Services, including information about new features, survey requests, newsletters, and events we think may be
		of interest to you. We also communicate with you about new product offers, promotions and contests. You can control
		whether you receive these communications as described below under "Opt-out of communications."
Customer and user support
: We use your information to resolve technical issues you encounter,
		to respond to your requests for assistance, to analyse crash information, and to repair and improve the Services.
For safety and security
: We use information about you and your Service use to verify accounts
		and activity, to monitor suspicious or fraudulent activity and to identify violations of Service policies.
To protect our legitimate business interests and legal rights
: Where required by law or where
		we believe it is necessary to protect our legal rights, interests and the interests of others, we use information about
		you in connection with legal claims, compliance, regulatory, and audit functions, and disclosures in connection with the
		acquisition, merger or sale of a business.
With your consent
: We use information about you where you have given us consent to do so for a
		specific purpose not listed above. For example, we may publish testimonials or featured customer stories to promote the
		Services, with your permission.
Legal bases for processing for EEA users
:
If you are an individual in the European Economic Area (EEA), we collect and process information about you only where we
		have legal bases for doing so under applicable EU laws. The legal bases depend on the Services you use and how you use
		them. This means we collect and use your information only where:
We need it to provide you the Services, including to operate the Services, provide customer support and personalised
			features and to protect the safety and security of the Services;
It satisfies a legitimate interest (which is not overridden by your data protection interests), such as for research
			and development, to market and promote the Services and to protect our legal rights and interests;
You give us consent to do so for a specific purpose; or
We need to process your data to comply with a legal obligation.
If you have consented to our use of information about you for a specific purpose, you have the right to change your mind
		at any time, but this will not affect any processing that has already taken place. Where we are using your information
		because we or a third party (e.g. your employer) have a legitimate interest to do so, you have the right to object to
		that use though, in some cases, this may mean no longer using the Services.
How we share information we collect
We make collaboration tools, and we want them to work well for you. This means sharing information through the Services
		and with certain third parties. We share information we collect about you in the ways discussed below, including in
		connection with possible business transfers, but we are not in the business of selling information about you to
		advertisers or other third parties.
Sharing with other Service users
When you use the Services, we may share certain information about you with other Service users.
For collaboration
: You can create content, which may contain information about you, and grant
		permission to others to see, share, edit, copy and download that content based on settings you or your administrator (if
		applicable) select. Some of the collaboration features of the Services display some or all of your profile information
		to other Service users when you share or interact with specific content.  For example, we allow users to share
		algorithms, charts and the likes with our other users.
Managed accounts and administrators
: If you register or access the Services using an email
		address with a domain that is owned by your employer or organisation, and such organisation wishes to establish an
		account or site, certain information about you including your name, job title, address, e-mail address, mobile number,
		and other details to your profile information may become accessible to that organisation's administrator. If you are
		an administrator for a particular site or group of users within the Services, we may share your contact information with
		current or past Service users, for the purpose of facilitating Service-related requests.
Community
: Our websites offer publicly accessible blogs, forums, like NetDania Community. You
		should be aware that any information you provide on these websites - including profile information associated with the
		account you use to post the information - may be read, collected, and used by any member of the public who accesses
		these websites. Your posts and certain profile information may remain even after you terminate your account. We urge
		you to consider the sensitivity of any information you input into these Services. To request removal of your information
		from publicly accessible websites operated by us, please contact us as provided below. In some cases, we may not be able
		to remove your information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to and why.
Sharing with third parties
We share information with third parties that help us operate, provide, improve, integrate, customise, support and market
		our Services.
Service Providers
: We work with third-party service providers to provide processing analysis,
		and other services for us, which may require them to access or use information about you. If a service provider needs
		to access
		information about you to perform services on our behalf, they do so under close instruction from us, including policies
		and procedures designed to protect your information.
NetDania Group Partners
: We work with third-party service providers to provide processing
		analysis, and other services for us, which may require them to access or use information about you. If a service
		provider needs to access information about you to perform services on our behalf, they do so under close instruction
		from us, including policies and procedures designed to protect your information.
Third Party Apps
: You, your administrator or other Service users may choose to add new
		functionality or change the behaviour of the Services by installing third party apps within the Services.  Doing so may
		give third-party apps access to your account and information about you like your name and email address, and any content
		you choose to use in connection with those apps. If you are a technical or billing contact listed on an account, we
		share your details with the third-party app provider upon installation. Third-party app policies and procedures are not
		controlled by us, and this privacy policy does not cover how third-party apps use your information. We encourage you to
		review the privacy policies of third parties before connecting to or using their applications or services to learn more
		about their privacy and information handling practices. If you object to information about you being shared with these
		third parties, please uninstall the app.
Supported Brokers
: The Services include trading through various brokers. The full list of
		supported brokers and short descriptions can be found at http://netdaniamarkets.com/Supported-Brokers.aspx
		ADD a brief description and how data is shared etc.
Links to Third Party Sites
: The Services may include links that direct you to other websites or
		services whose privacy practices may differ from ours. If you submit information to any of those third-party sites, your
		information is governed by their privacy policies, not this one. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy
		of any website you visit.
Social Media Widgets
: The Services may include links that direct you to other websites or
		services whose privacy practices may differ from ours. Your use of and any information you submit to any of those
		third-party sites is governed by their privacy policies, not this one.
Third-Party Widgets
: Some of our Services contain widgets and social media features, such as
		the Twitter "tweet" button, Facebook, LinkedIn and Google+. These widgets and features collect your IP
		address, which page you are visiting on the Services, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly.
		Widgets and social media features are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Services. Your
		interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
With your consent
: We share information about you with third parties when you give us consent
		to do so.
Compliance with Enforcement Requests and Applicable Laws; Enforcement of Our Rights
: In
		exceptional circumstances, we may share information about you with a third party if we believe that sharing is
		reasonably necessary to (a) comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, including
		to meet national security requirements, (b) enforce our agreements, policies and terms of service, (c) protect the
		security or integrity of our products and services, (d) protect NetDania Group, our customers or the public from harm or
		illegal activities, or (e) respond to an emergency which we believe in good faith requires us to disclose information to
		assist in preventing the death or serious bodily injury of any person.
Sharing with affiliated companies
We share information we collect with affiliated companies and, in some cases, with prospective affiliates. Affiliated
		companies are companies owned or operated by us. The protections of this privacy policy apply to the information we
		share in these circumstances.
NetDania Group companies
: We share information we have about you between the NetDania Group in
		order to operate and improve products and services and to offer other NetDania Group services to you.
Business Transfers
: We may share or transfer information we collect under this privacy policy
		in connection with any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to
		another company. You will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on the Services if a transaction takes place,
		as well as any choices you may have regarding your information.
How we store and secure information we collect
Information storage and security
We use hosting service providers in Romania, UK, China, Singapore to host the information we collect, and we use
		technical measures to secure your data.
While we implement safeguards designed to protect your information, no security system is impenetrable and due to the
		inherent nature of the Internet, we cannot guarantee that data, during transmission through the Internet or while stored
		on our systems or otherwise in our care, is absolutely safe from intrusion by others.
How long we keep information
How long we keep information we collect about you depends on the type of information, as described in further detail
		below. After such time, we will either delete or anonymise your information or, if this is not possible (for example,
		because the information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your information and isolate it
		from any further use until deletion is possible.
Account information
: We retain your account information for as long as your account is active
		and a reasonable period thereafter in case you decide to re-activate the Services. We also retain some of your
		information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, to resolve disputes, to enforce our agreements, to
		support business operations, and to continue to develop and improve our Services. Where we retain information for
		Service improvement and development, and we only use the information to uncover collective insights about the use of our
		Services, not to specifically analyse personal characteristics about you.
Managed accounts
: If the Services are made available to you through an organisation (e.g., your
		employer), we retain your information as long as required by the administrator of your account. For more information,
		see "Managed accounts and administrators" above.
Marketing information
: We retain information about your marketing preferences for a reasonable
		period of time from the date when you expressed an interest in our Services, by opening an email account with us or when
		you ceased using your account or withdrew your consent to hearing from us.
How to access and control your information
You have certain choices available to you when it comes to your information. Below is a summary of those choices, how to
		exercise them and any limitations.
Your Choices
You have the right to request a copy of your information, to object to our use of your information (including for
		marketing purposes), to request the deletion or restriction of your information, or to request your information in a
		structured, electronic format. Below, we describe the tools and processes for making these requests. You can exercise
		some of the choices by logging into the Services and using settings available within the Services or your account. Where
		the Services are administered for you by an administrator (see "Notice to End Users" below), you may need to
		contact your administrator to assist with your requests first. For all other requests, you may contact us as provided
		in the Contact Us section below to request assistance.
Your request and choices may be limited in certain cases: for example, if fulfilling your request would reveal
		information about another person, or if you ask to delete information which we or your administrator are required by law
		or have compelling legitimate interests to keep. Where you have asked us to share data with third parties, for example,
		by installing third-party apps, you will need to contact those third-party service providers directly to have your
		information deleted or otherwise restricted. If you have unresolved concerns, you may have the right to complain to a
		data protection authority in the country where you live, where you work or where you feel your rights were
		infringed.
Access and update your information
: Our Services give you the ability to access and update
		certain information about you from within the Service. You can update your profile information within your profile
		settings and modify content that contains information about you using the editing tools associated with that content.
Deactivate your account
: If you no longer wish to use our Services, you or your administrator
		may be able to deactivate your Services account. If you can deactivate your own account, that setting is available to
		you in your account settings. Otherwise, please contact your administrator. If you are an administrator and are unable
		to deactivate an account through your administrator settings, please contact
our support
. 
		Please be aware that deactivating your account does not delete your information; your information remains visible to
		other Service users based on your past participation within some of the Services. For more information on how to
		delete your information, see below.
Delete your information
: Some of our Services give you the ability to delete certain
		information about you from within the Service. For example, you can remove content that contains information, and you
		can remove certain profile information within your profile settings. Please note, however, that we may need to retain
		certain information for record keeping purposes, to complete transactions or to comply with our legal obligations.
Request that we stop using your information
: In some cases, you may ask us to stop accessing,
		storing, using and otherwise processing your information where you believe we do not have the appropriate rights to do
		so. For example, if you believe an account was created for you without your permission or you are no longer an active
		user, you can request that we delete your account by contacting us at
dpo@netdania.net
. Where you gave us consent to use your information for a
		limited purpose, you can contact us also at the above e-mail address to withdraw that consent, but this will not affect
		any processing that has already taken place at the time. You can also opt-out of our use of your information for
		marketing purposes by contacting us at the above email e-mail address.   When you make such requests, we may need time
		to investigate and facilitate your request. If there is delay or dispute as to whether we have the right to continue
		using your information, we will restrict any further use of your information until the request is honoured or the
		dispute is resolved, provided your administrator does not object (where applicable). If you object to information about
		you being shared with a third-party app, please disable the app or contact your administrator to do so.
Opt out of communications
: You may opt out of receiving promotional communications from us by
		using the unsubscribe link within each email, or by contacting us as provided below to have your contact information
		removed from our promotional email list or registration database. Even after you opt out from receiving promotional
		messages from us, you will continue to receive transactional messages from us regarding our Services.
Turn off Cookie Controls
: Relevant browser-based cookie controls are described in our
Cookie and
			Tracking Policy
.
Send "Do Not Track" Signals
: Some browsers have incorporated "Do Not Track"
		(DNT) features that can send a signal to the websites you visit indicating you do not wish to be tracked. Because there
		is not yet a common understanding of how to interpret the DNT signal, our Services do not currently respond to browser
		DNT signals. You can use the range of other tools we provide to control data collection and use, including the ability
		to opt out of receiving marketing from us as described above.
How we transfer information we collect internationally
International transfers of information we collect
We collect information globally and primarily store that information in Romania, UK, China, and Singapore. We transfer,
		process and store your information outside of your country of residence, to wherever we or our third-party service
		providers operate for the purpose of providing you the Services. Whenever we transfer your information, we take steps
		to protect it.
International transfers within the NetDania Group
: To facilitate our global operations, we
		transfer information to Romania, UK, China, Singapore and allow access to that information from Denmark in which the
		NetDania Group have operations for the purposes described in this policy. These countries may not have equivalent
		privacy and data protection laws to the laws of many of the countries where our customers and users are based. When we
		share information about you within and among NetDania Group, we make use of standard contractual data protection clauses
		to safeguard the transfer of information we collect from the European Economic Area.
International transfers to third parties
: Some of the third parties described in this privacy
		policy, which provide services to us under contract, are based in other countries that may not have equivalent privacy
		and data protection laws to the country in which you reside. When we share information of customers in the European
		Economic Area or Switzerland, we make use of approved standard contractual data protection clauses, binding corporate
		rules for transfers to data processors, or other appropriate legal mechanisms to safeguard the transfer.
Other important privacy information
Notice to End Users
Some of our products are intended for use by organisations. Where the Services are made available to you through an
		organisation, that organisation is the administrator of the Services and is responsible for the accounts and/or Service
		sites over which it has control. If this is the case, please direct your data privacy questions to your administrator,
		as your use of the Services is subject to that organisation's policies. We are not responsible for the privacy or
		security practices of an administrator's organisation, which may be different than this policy.
Administrators are able to:
require you to reset your account password;
restrict, suspend or terminate your access to the Services;
access information in and about your account;
access or retain information stored as part of your account;
install or uninstall third-party apps or other integrations
In some cases, administrators can also:
restrict, suspend or terminate your account access;
change the email address associated with your account;
change your information, including profile information;
restrict your ability to edit, restrict, modify or delete information
Even if the Services are not currently administered to you by an organisation, if you use an email address provided by an
		organisation (such as your work email address) to access the Services, then the owner of the domain associated with your
		email address (e.g. your employer) may assert administrative control over your account and use of the Services at a
		later date. You will be notified if this happens.
If you do not want an administrator to be able to assert control over your account or use of the Services, use your
		personal email address to register for or access the Services. If an administrator has not already asserted control
		over your account or access to the Services, you can update the email address associated with your account through your
		account settings in your profile. Once an administrator asserts control over your account or use of the Services, you
		will no longer be able to change the email address associated with your account without administrator approval.
Please contact your organisation or refer to your administrator's organisational policies for more information.
Our policy towards children
The Services are not directed to individuals under 18. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children
		under 18. If we become aware that a child under 18 has provided us with personal information, we will take steps to
		delete such information. If you become aware that a child has provided us with personal information, please contact us
		at
dpo@netdania.net
.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
We may change this privacy policy from time to time. We will post any privacy policy changes on this page and, if the
		changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice by adding a notice on the Services homepages, login
		screens, or by sending you an email notification. We will also keep prior versions of this privacy policy in an archive
		for your review. We encourage you to review our privacy policy whenever you use the Services to stay informed about our
		information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy.
If you disagree with any changes to this privacy policy, you will need to stop using the Services and deactivate your
		account(s), as outlined above.
Consent revocation to use your personal data
Click here to revoke your choice
Contact Us
Each of the companies in the NetDania Group acts as a controller of the information it holds on you.  In addition,
		NetDania SRL acts as a processor for the personal data controlled by NetDania Creations ApS. If you have questions or
		concerns about how your information is handled, please direct your inquiry to
dpo@netdania.net
.
Find a Top Broker
Global
Forex
US DOW 30 (cfd)
(CFD)
41967.16
5.61
0.01%
S&P 500
(CFD)
5669.44
4.34
0.08%
US NAS 100 (cfd)
(CFD)
19706.1
22.66
0.12%
Bitcoin
84643.00
485
0.58%
DAX 30
(CFD)
22973.74
16.12
0.07%
Nikkei 225
(CFD)
37942.51
197.52
0.52%
Shanghai SE
3394.39
-14.56
-0.43%
UK 100
(CFD)
8712.02
14.85
0.17%
Hong Kong
(CFD)
23849.23
-191.86
-0.80%
ASX 200
(CFD)
7968.14
51.2
0.65%
Nifty 50
23190.65
283.05
1.24%
Gold
3035.61
-10.67
-0.35%
UKOil
72.22
-0.05
-0.06%
EUR/USD
1.08445
-0.00086
-0.08%
USD/JPY
149.074
0.452
0.30%
GBP/USD
1.29593
-0.00055
-0.04%
AUD/USD
0.62940
-0.00079
-0.13%
USD/CAD
1.43198
-0.00047
-0.03%
EUR/JPY
161.66400
0.365
0.23%
EUR/GBP
0.83681
-0.00028
-0.03%
GBP/JPY
193.19100
0.508
0.26%
USD/CHF
0.88273
0.00103
0.12%
EUR/CHF
0.95728
0.00036
0.04%
NZD/USD
0.57563
-0.00043
-0.07%
US-Dollar Index
103.90300
0.104
0.10%
Open An Account with Plus500
82% of retail CFD accounts lose money
Top Gainers
Irish Residential Properties REIT Plc
0.94
0.03
3.52%
Origin Enterprises PLC
3.11
0.03
1.14%
Kerry Group PLC
95.60
0.35
0.37%
Permanent TSB Group Holdings PLC
1.60
0.01
0.31%
Glanbia PLC
10.46
0
-0.05%
Kingspan Group PLC
81.70
-0.15
-0.18%
Cairn Homes PLC
2.11
-0.01
-0.24%
Irish Continental Group PLC
5.26
-0.02
-0.38%
Dalata Hotel Group PLC
5.54
-0.06
-1.07%
FBD Holdings PLC
13.43
-0.17
-1.25%
Top Losers
Bank of Ireland Group PLC
11.55
-0.4
-3.39%
Glenveagh Properties PLC
1.59
-0.03
-1.73%
FBD Holdings PLC
13.43
-0.17
-1.25%
Dalata Hotel Group PLC
5.54
-0.06
-1.07%
Irish Continental Group PLC
5.26
-0.02
-0.38%
Cairn Homes PLC
2.11
-0.01
-0.24%
Kingspan Group PLC
81.70
-0.15
-0.18%
Glanbia PLC
10.46
0
-0.05%
Permanent TSB Group Holdings PLC
1.60
0.01
0.31%
Kerry Group PLC
95.60
0.35
0.37%