Privacy
Important Notice
Polaris Electronic highly value your privacy. This Privacy Policy explains how Polaris Electronic collect, store, use, disclose, share and transfer your information.
This Privacy Policy applies to all applications developed and released by Polaris Electronic.
Privacy Statement
Polaris Electronic respects your right to privacy and is concerned about the security of any data you may submit to Polaris Electronic’s website and applications. The following statement discloses the guidelines Polaris Electronic has established to protect the information you provide during your visit to Polaris Electronic’s website and use of its applications.
Polaris Electronic will only collect your personal data including account and password information, in the following situations and related business purposes
Request for technical support
Sales inquiry
Send an e-mail to Polaris Electronic
Registration for applications developed by Polaris Electronic
Polaris Electronic ensure your personal data is protected from unauthorized access and is used appropriately. Polaris Electronic does not sell or rent your personal information to third parties. Your information will only be disclosed as required by law or shared under the following conditions:
With authorized service providers of Polaris Electronic
With third parties that comply with applicable legal requirements
If you request data deletion, we will process and delete all identifiable information within a reasonable timeframe.
Choice/Opt-out
You agree all terms of this statement as a registrant, or you can choose not to participate in further activities.
You can set your browser to refuse cookies.
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this statement, please contact us. Polaris Electronic can modify the privacy statement at anytime. If Polaris Electronic makes changes to any terms or conditions of this privacy statement, these changes will be posted on Polaris Electronic’s websites.
We reserve the right to revise this Privacy Policy periodically and will publish the latest version on our website.