Preschool University Values and Respects the Privacy of your Child.
Our Apps:
Do not require a game center connection to play.
Do not collect user information.
Do not use data collection tools.
Do not contain external adds.
What information do we collect?
We do not require users to provide personal information to use and access our website. We collect information from you when you fill out a form online or request to be added to our mailing list. When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name or e-mail address. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
This Privacy Policy does not cover the collection or use of information by third parties or linked sites, which Preschool University does not control, own, or manage.
Newsletter
We offer an email newsletter. To sign up for this newsletter,  you must submit an adult’s e-mail. We will use this information to send you news and announcements about our products. You may unsubscribe from the mailing list anytime using links provided in the email newsletter.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
To send you news and announcements about our products.
Do we use cookies?
We do not use cookies.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect our or others’ rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act). We do not knowingly contact or collect personal information from children under 13. If you believe a child has sent us their email, please contact us so we can promptly obtain parental consent or remove the information.
Social Networks
Preschool University has accounts on various social media networks including, but not limited to Twitter and Facebook. We invite you to join us and be our friends on these networks. Any action taken to friend, like, tweet, or otherwise share information via these networks from or about our site or products is voluntary and subject to the individual social network’s own terms of use and privacy policies.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
This privacy policy may be updated in the future and posted here. If you are concerned, please check back occasionally.
If you have any questions, please contact us at:
service@preschoolu.com