Privacy policy for Little Girl Magic (by x2line).
At x2line, we respect the privacy of the users of our Little Girl Magic game and are committed to protecting it. 
The game might be called Girl Magic Adopter on some platforms.
We have created this policy to demonstrate our commitment to you and to help you understand it.
Little Girl Magic is a child care and dress-up game for people of all ages who love little ones.
The mobile version of Little Girl Magic is capable to work offline. Internet connection is not required but used at times for  
features such as: download necessary graphic art content from our cloud servers; backup game progress; serve advertising; health analytics; in-game event tracking.
We do not and we will not collect or share our users' personal information.
We save user's game progress (which is essential for game operation) and maintain it's backup.
The mobile version of Little Girl Magic saves game progress on the actual user's device. Apple, Google Play and Amazon versions of the game backup game progress on the respective platforms' user cloud storage.
Little Girl Magic is compliant with respective platforms' terms of services, advertising policies and general platform policies.
x2line reserves the right to modify all or some of this Privacy Policy
at any time without notice. If we change our Privacy Policy, we will post a
notice on the website so our users are aware of what information we collect, how
we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We will use
information only in accordance with the Privacy Policy under which the
information was collected unless we have received explicit authorization from
the appropriate user(s) to do otherwise.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices or your dealings 
with this x2line, you can send an e-mail, in English, to
info@x2line.com
.
If you do not want x2line to collect, store, use, or share your information in the ways described in this Privacy Policy, you may not play x2line's games or use x2line's other Services.
Information We Collect and How We Collect It
We may let you create a player profile that other x2line players can see. Your player profile may include information like:
your profile photo;
your first and last name;
your game username;
Information You Generate Using Our Services
We'll collect information about the ways you use and interact with our Services.
When you use our Services, we'll collect information about the ways in which you use and interact with our Services, such as when and for how long you play our games, 
game features and other players you interact with, purchases you make, 
progress or levels you achieve, and other gameplay activities.
We'll collect information related to any purchases you make.
When you play x2line's games or access any of our other Services on connected third-party applications or platforms (like Facebook, Apple, Google, or Amazon), 
any purchases you make will be processed by that third-party application and subject to that third-party application's terms of service and privacy policy. For these purchases, x2line does not receive your financial information, 
but may receive non-financial information related to your purchases, like your name, approximate physical location, and the items purchased. The information x2line receives depends on the x2line game you're playing and the third-party application. x2line's 
Terms of Service explain our policies and terms related to charges, billing, third-party credits, and virtual currencies. Please note that purchases of third-party credits or currencies are also subject to those parties' terms of service and privacy policies.
Customer Support Correspondence
We'll keep a record of any correspondence between us.
When you ask for help from our Customer Support team, we will collect and store the contact information you give them (generally, your name and e-mail address), information about your game play or activity on our Services, and your x2line player and/or social network ID number. We will also store the communications you have with our Customer Service team and any additional information in those communications in order to provide support and improve the Services.
Information About You That We Get From Connected Third-Party Applications, Including Social Networks
We'll collect some information from other companies, including social networks, 
if you access our games through your accounts with those companies or you choose to 
connect your accounts with those companies to our games.
If you play x2line's games or access any of our other Services on connected third-party applications or connect our Services to any third-party applications, 
including social networks like Facebook, x2line may receive certain information about you from the provider of the third-party application. 
The information we receive depends on the x2line game you're playing, the third-party application, your privacy settings, and, if applicable, 
your friends' privacy settings on that third-party application.
For example, x2line may collect and store some or all of the following information from the provider of the connected third-party application:
your user identification number (like your Facebook ID number), which may be linked to publicly-available information like your name and profile photo;
the e-mail address you provided to that third-party application;
information about your activities on or through the connected third-party application;
other publicly-available information on the third-party application; and/or
any other information that you or the provider of the third-party application share with x2line.
If you access our Services from a third-party application or connect our Services to a third-party application, you should also read that third-party 
application's terms of service and privacy policy.
If you are unclear about what information a third-party application is sharing with us, please go to the third-party application to find out more 
about their privacy practices.
Cookies and Other Automated Information Collection
We'll collect information about your device and how you use our Services, including using cookies.
As further described in our Cookie Notice, we use cookies and other similar technologies to recognize you and/or your device(s) on, off, 
and across different Services and devices. We also allow others to use cookies and similar technologies as described in our Cookie Notice. 
You can control or opt out of the use of cookies and similar technologies that track your behavior on the sites of others for third-party advertising, 
as described in our Cookie Notice.
We, our service providers, and our business partners use these cookies and other similar technologies to collect and analyze certain kinds of technical information, 
including:
IP address;
platform type (like Apple iOS or Android);
your operating system version;
application performance and de-bugging information;
your browser type and language;
referring and exit pages, and URLs;
the number of clicks on an app feature or web page;
the amount of time spent on an app feature or web page;
pages viewed and the order of those pages; and/or
game state and the date and time of activity on our Services.
In some cases, we will connect the above information with your social network ID or x2line user ID.