Last updated: 12 February 2025
General Privacy Policy
The Foundation Swiss Sport Integrity (
Swiss Sport Integrity
) is the national organization dedicated to combating doping, ethical misconduct and irregularities in sport. Swiss Sport Integrity is an independent, non-profit organization based in Bern, Switzerland.
Swiss Sport Integrity makes key contributions to the integrity of sport by means of testing, investigations, prevention activities, applied research, receiving and investigating reports of ethical violations, and through national and international collaboration. Swiss Sport Integrity protects the rights of athletes to equal opportunities as well as to a fair and doping-free sport, and thus helps to uphold the credibility of sport, as expected by the public.
This privacy policy explains how Swiss Sport Integrity collects, uses, shares and manages your personal data in connection with our website, the content and resources available on it and in the context of our other interactions with you.
Specific privacy policies may apply to some of our platforms or activities. If so, these policies will be brought to your attention and will take precedence.
Legal basis for processing
All processing of personal data by us is carried out in accordance with the applicable legal provisions of Swiss law, in particular the requirements of the Federal Act on Data Protection (
FADP
) and the corresponding ordinance (
DPO
).
The owner of the data is the Foundation Swiss Sport Integrity, Eigerstrasse 60, 3007 Bern.
Swiss Sport Integrity is, on the one hand, the Swiss national anti-doping agency within the meaning of Art. 19 Para. 2 of the Federal Act on the Promotion of Sport and Exercise (
SpoPA
). On the other hand, Swiss Sport Integrity is the national reporting service pursuant to art. 72
f
of the Ordinance on the Promotion of Sport and Exercise (
Verordnung über die Förderung von Sport und Bewegung
,
SpoFöV
).
Data relating to the fight against doping is processed in compliance with the provisions of the Federal Act on the Federal Information Systems for Sport (
Bundesgesetz über die Informationssysteme des Bundes im Bereich Sport
,
IBSG
), the Ordinance on the Federal Information Systems for Sport (
Verordnung über die Informationssysteme des Bunde sim Bereich Sport
,
IBSV
) and the International Standard for the Protection of Privacy and Personal Information (
ISPPPI
) of the World Anti-Doping Agency (
WADA
).
Personal data
Personal data (hereinafter also referred to as «data») refers to any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person. An identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier (e.g. a cookie) or to one or more specific characteristics that express the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person.
Who is affected by processing?
When you use our website or communicate with us in any other way, e.g. by telephone or e-mail, personal data about you is collected. We collect data via our website through your voluntary input of data, such as the information required to file a report. Our website also automatically collects data about you (see explanations on Cookies).
If you are a member of a club organized under the auspices of Swiss Olympic, you are obliged to comply with the Swiss Olympic Doping Statute and the Statutes on Ethics in Swiss Sport of Swiss Olympic. You are therefore responsible for providing certain personal information.
Personal information may also be collected and processed in the context of an agreement, for example an agreement between Swiss Sport Integrity and a sports organization.
In certain situations, you may be asked to sign a declaration confirming your understanding of the rules, for example during a doping control or when applying for a therapeutic use exemption.
In some cases, you may be required to give consent for Swiss Sport Integrity to process your personal data, such as when you follow the «Clean Winner» e-learning program.
Swiss Sport Integrity's web offering includes contact forms. By using a contact form, you consent to the collection of your data so that we may examine your request.
What personal data is processed?
Swiss Sport Integrity processes data only in connection with its purpose and the objectives of its various activities. These objectives are found in particular in Swiss Sport Integrity's deed of foundation, the Federal Act on the Promotion of Sport and Exercise (
SpoPA
) and its ordinance (
SpoFöV
), WADA's World Anti-Doping Program and the Swiss Charter for Ethics in sport.
Personal data collected and processed include:
basic and contact data:
e.g. names, personal identification numbers, addresses in all forms (residential, electronic, etc.), telephone numbers.
content data:
e.g. texts entered, photographs, videos. This data may include:
medical information (including diagnosis and treatment)
information relating to potential breaches of doping or ethical rules
biological data (including doping tests and biological passports)
whereabouts information and other relevant information, such as altitude stays
bank account and emergency contact information
usage data:
e.g. web pages visited, interest in content, access time.
meta data/communication data:
e.g. device information, IP addresses.
Why do we collect and use your personal data?
Personal data collected by Swiss Sport Integrity is used to:
Plan and conduct unannounced doping controls
Investigate and prosecute possible anti-doping rule violations
Investigate and prosecute, upon report, possible ethical violations
Advise, upon request, on ethical issues
Process applications for Therapeutic Use Exemptions (
TUE
s)
Provide information within the context of antidoping prevention activities
Collaborate with other anti-doping and sports integrity organizations and authorities
Manage work relations for employees
Generate statistics
Where is personal data stored?
Personal data is stored on physical or electronic media. Electronic data may be stored in the following systems:
Swiss Sport Integrity's internal systems and external systems
The international data processing system, ADAMS
E-learning programs (Clean Winner, ADEL, WADA Quiz)
Login portal of SSI («Login for Whereabouts») / SMARTIE
Reporting service portal
System for doping controls Artemis
Medication inquiry service Global Drug Reference Online (
Global
DRO
)
With regard to personal data stored on ADAMS, Swiss Sport Integrity is responsible for the processing of personal data until they are registered in the ADAMS system. WADA is responsible for processing personal data in ADAMS.
With respect to e-learning programs, Swiss Sport Integrity is solely responsible for processing the data collected in the «Clean Winner» program. The Swiss Sport Integrity website contains links to the ADEL e-learning program as well as to the WADA Quiz. By accessing them, you become subject to the privacy policy of the new site and its operator. We invite you to carefully review the privacy policy of each entity to which you provide personal data.
Swiss Sport Integrity is responsible for processing data on all the other systems, i.e. its internal and external systems, the SSI login portal / SMARTIE, the reporting service portal, Artemis and Global DRO.
Further information on data protection is available on the respective websites:
ADAMS (
https://adams.wada-ama.org/adams/helpView/dataprivacy/index.html
),
ADEL (
https://adel-help.wada-ama.org/hc/en-us/articles/360017561920-ADEL-Privacy-Policy
),
E-Learning Clean Winner (
https://ch.cleanwinner.org/auth/signup
),
Login portal of SSI (
https://athlete.sportintegrity.ch/Home/Terms
),
Reporting service portal (
https://swisssportintegrity.integrityline.io/?lang=en
)
Global DRO (
https://www.globaldro.com/ch/search/Privacy?changelang=en-ch
).
Who has access to your personal data?
The personal data collected is shared, according to its relevance, to a specific and restricted circle of employees expressly authorized and specially trained by Swiss Sport Integrity. Your data will be treated in the strictest confidence by authorized personnel. If necessary, and depending on the specific nature of the processing, the authorized personnel will share your information to a party who has undertaken to handle the information in a secure and confidential manner.
Activities relating to anti-doping:
If results management proceedings for potential anti-doping rule violations are opened against you, your national and international federation, as well as the judicial authorities (i.e. the Swiss Sports Tribunal and possibly the Court of Arbitration for Sport) may have access to your personal data.
If you are an athlete subject to whereabouts obligations and are in breach of the rules, employees of the test coordination department may have access to your personal data.
In the event of an application for a Therapeutic Use Exemption (
TUE
), employees from the Pharmacy Department and designated members of the TUE Commission will have access to your health information.
WADA has access to all athlete information in ADAMS. The relevant international federations of athletes and the organizers of international competitions have access to some data in ADAMS and can obtain access to all information on request.
Activities relating to ethics in sport:
If you are the subject of an investigation into a potential breach of ethical rules, your national federation, Swiss Olympic and the Federal Office of Sport (Bundesamt für Sport,
BASPO
), as well as the judicial authorities (i.e. the Swiss Sports Tribunal and possibly the Court of Arbitration for Sport) may have access to your personal data.
Transfer of personal data
Activities relating to anti-doping:
To enable Swiss Sport Integrity to carry out its anti-doping work effectively, it collaborates with recognized foreign or international anti-doping bodies and exchanges personal data, including sensitive data, where necessary to plan, coordinate and carry out anti-doping tests on an athlete and to report the results of anti-doping tests to foreign or international anti-doping bodies. Swiss Sport Integrity also shares data in order to draw up medical requests and issue medical authorizations for an athlete, in which case it only communicates the information necessary for the assessment with the explicit consent of the athlete concerned (cf. art. 25 of the Federal Act on the Promotion of Sport and Exercise [
SpoPA
]).
WADA and your international federation have access to your personal data to the appropriate extent via ADAMS and other communication channels (e-mail [encrypted], telephone, etc.).
If you are participating in the Olympic Games or other major sporting events, the organizers will have access to your personal data via ADAMS.
If you are abroad, anti-doping organizations or private mission control providers may have access to your personal data, generally via ADAMS, in order to carry out doping controls, for example on behalf of Swiss Sport Integrity.
Activities relating to ethics in sport:
Swiss Sport Integrity wishes to collaborate with other organizations responsible for integrity in sport and share personal data, including sensitive data, where appropriate in order to work effectively on suchcases, respectively establish which entity is competent. As soon as it has concluded agreements to this end, the institutions with which it collaborates and exchanges data with respect to its activities relating to ethics in sport will be indicated here.
In general:
Swiss Sport Integrity may disclose your data to government authorities or other organizations when required to do so by law or compulsory legal process. Swiss Sport Integrity may also disclose your data in the context of an investigation concerning a breach of an agreement or a contravention of a regulatory or legislative provision, or to initiate, exercise or defend a legal claim.
Service providers are subject to the laws of the countries in which they operate and may be required by legal process to disclose personal information to courts, law enforcement agencies or other public authorities.
Swiss Sport Integrity ensures that the data it communicates is not shared with unauthorized third parties.
Public disclosure of data
Activities relating to anti-doping:
Upon notification to the athlete or other person of a potential anti-doping rule violation, Swiss Sport Integrity may disclose the identity of the person, the prohibited substance or method, the nature of the alleged anti-doping rule violation and a possible provisional suspension.
When it is established that there has been an anti-doping rule violation or a suspension, Swiss Sport Integrity will publicly report the case, except in cases involving a minor. The person's name, sport, prohibited substance, type of anti-doping rule violation and duration of suspension are published on the List of Suspended Persons (
https://www.sportintegrity.ch/en/anti-doping/laws/suspended-athletes
). In addition, a summary of the case is published in the «News» section (
https://www.sportintegrity.ch/en/news
), with due regard for the personality rights of the person found guilty.
Activities relating to ethics in sport:
When it is established that an ethical violation has occurred, Swiss Sport Integrity publishes a summary of the case in the «News» section (
https://www.sportintegrity.ch/en/news
), with due regard for the personality rights of the person found guilty.
Data security
Data entered on this website is encrypted using SSL (Secure Sockets Layer). This is a data encryption protocol used between the web server and the browser for secure data transmission over the Internet. However, Internet transmissions are never completely secure or error-free, and the data stored is not free from weak points. Furthermore, you transmit your data online at your own risk.
In close cooperation with our hosting providers, we strive to protect our databases as best as possible against unauthorized access, loss, misuse or falsification. We ensure that service providers have access to personal information only when necessary for their designated functions. Wherever possible, we work with service providers who are able to store the personal information processed on our behalf in Switzerland or in another jurisdiction recognized to provide a high level of data protection.
Swiss Sport Integrity uses a business management and archiving system for the storage of personal data that is protected against unauthorized access.
In cases where we use external solutions, security is guaranteed by data processing contracts in which we require the subcontractor to use equivalent secure solutions, thus guaranteeing Swiss Sport Integrity’s control over personal data. We treat data as strictly confidential, do not sell it and do not share it with unauthorized third parties. Your data will not be kept longer than is necessary to achieve legitimate purpose.
Data retention and deletion
We take administrative, technical, physical, contractual and other measures to protect personal data in our custody and control against theft, loss and unauthorized access, use, modification and disclosure. This includes restricting access to your data, on a need-to-know basis, to authorized employees and service providers who require access to perform their designated functions.
Personal data collected is used for the purposes for which it was collected and is retained for a specified period, depending on the type of information (see purposes of processing under «What personal data is processed?»). Personal data is deleted when Swiss Sport Integrity no longer needs it, in accordance with regulatory requirements.
Personal data collected under other agreements are used for the purposes specified in the agreement and are retained as well as deleted as indicated therein and generally when Swiss Sport Integrity no longer needs them.
In addition, we retain your data for as long as required by applicable law or to defend against legal claims.
Activities relating to anti-doping:
Data retention and deletion is carried out in accordance with
ISPPPI
, in particular Appendix A..
Activities relating to ethics in sport:
In principle, data is kept for 10 years after the case is closed, when it is then deleted.
Cookies
Our website uses cookies. Cookies are small text files that are stored permanently or temporarily on your computer when you visit the website. The purpose of cookies is to analyze usage for the purposes of statistical evaluation and continuous improvement of the website. Saving cookies on your device enables us to recognize your browser when you visit the site again. This enables us to save certain settings so that you do not have to re-enter them when you return to the site. The use of cookies and the processing of your data in this respect are based on our legitimate interests in designing a user-friendly website.
You can deactivate some or all cookies at any time in your browser settings. Cookies are stored on your computer. You therefore have full control over the use of cookies. You can delete them completely, or disable respectively limit their transmission by modifying the settings of your Internet browser. If you disable cookies for our website, you may not be able to use all the website's functions.
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics, the web analysis service to analyze the flow of visitors to our Internet site. Google uses the data and information obtained among other things to evaluate the use of our website, to compile online reports showing activities on our web pages and to provide other services in connection with the use of our website.
Web analysis involves collecting, collating and evaluating data on the behavior of visitors to websites. Among other things, a web analysis service records data on the web page from which a data subject arrived at a web page (the so-called referrer), which sub-pages of the web page were accessed, and how often and for how long a sub-page was viewed. Web analytics are mainly used to optimize a website and analyze the cost-benefit ratio of Internet advertising.
Google Analytics is operated by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy, Mountain View, CA 94043-1351, USA.
Medication Inquiry Service
The medication inquiry service Global DRO is provided through a partnership between Swiss Sport Integrity, the Canadian Centre for Ethics in Sport (
CCES
), UK Anti-Doping (
UKAD
) and the United States Anti-Doping Agency (
USADA
). Sport Integrity Australia (
SIA
), Drug Free Sport New Zealand (
DFSNZ
)  and the Japan Anti-Doping Agency (
JADA
) are official licensees of Global DRO.
Searches carried out in individual countries are recorded for statistical purposes. A Privacy Policy is available on the Global DRO website (
www.globaldro.com/ch/search/Privacy?changelang=en-ch
).
Login SSI portal
The login portal of SSI («Login for Whereabouts») enables the transmission of whereabouts using an account with a login. We provide the website. Specific data protection provisions can be found on the website under the Terms of Use (
https://athlete.sportintegrity.ch/Home/Terms
).
Reporting Portal
We provide a reporting portal for suspected cases. By using the reporting service portal, you consent that we collect your data to process your request. Reports may also be made anonymously. A specific Privacy Policy is available on the website (
https://swisssportintegrity.integrityline.io/app-page;appPageName=Privacy%20policy
).
Clean Winner
“Clean Winner” is an e-learning course which has been developed for performance-oriented sport with the Norwegian company Task. In order for Swiss Sport Integrity to keep statistics, names, e-mail addresses and the relevant national sports association are recorded. Specific data protection provisions are available on the website, specifically on the page for registering as a new user (
https://ch.cleanwinner.org/en/auth/signup
).
Your Rights
You may request confirmation as to whether or not your personal data is being processed by Swiss Sport Integrity. Should it be the case that we process your data, you may ask us for specific information about the processing.
You can also ask us to delete your personal data. The data will be deleted if the relevant conditions are met. The right to suppression cannot be granted insofar as the processing is necessary for the exercise of the right to freedom of expression, for the fulfilment of a legal obligation or a task of public interest, or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
You also have the right to access and rectify your data, as well as the right to object to the processing of your data.
Please address your requests to Swiss Sport Integrity's Data Protection Advisor by e-mail (
legal(a)sportintegrity.ch
) or by post as follows:
Foundation Swiss Sport Integrity
Legal Department
Attn: Data Protection Advisor
Eigerstrasse 60
3007 Bern
Your complaints
Complaints regarding Swiss Sport Integrity's processing of your personal data may be addressed to Swiss Sport Integrity's Data Protection Advisor at
legal(a)sportintegrity.ch
or by post as follows:
Foundation Swiss Sport Integrity
Legal Department
Attn: Data Protection Advisor
Eigerstrasse 60
3007 Bern
If you are not satisfied with our handling of your complaint, you have the right to notify WADA (
www.wada-ama.org/fr/politique-de-confidentialite#paragraph-1579
) at
privacy(a)wada-ama.org
or by mail addressed as follows:
World Anti-Doping Agency
Attn: Associate Director, Regulatory Affairs and Privacy
Stock Exchange Tower
800 Place Victoria (Suite 1700)
Montréal (Québéc), Canada
H3C 0B4
Furthermore, at any time, you may submit a complaint to the Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (
FDPIC
) by using his contact form (
https://www.edoeb.admin.ch/en/contact-2
) or by post as follows:
Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner
Feldeggweg 1
CH - 3003 Bern
Contact us and updating of this policy
If we make changes to this policy, we will update the « last updated» date at the beginning of this policy, and the new version will apply from that date.
If you have any questions or comments about how we handle your personal data, please contact our Data Protection Advisor by e-mail (
legal(a)sportintegrity.ch
) or by post addressed as follows:
Foundation Swiss Sport Integrity
Legal Department
Attn: Data Protection Advisor
Eigerstrasse 60
3007 Bern