Sign In
NY Waterway Privacy Policy
|
Bytemark Privacy Policy
NY Waterway Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you place an order, subscribe to our newsletter, respond to a survey or fill out a form.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address or phone number. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
; To personalize your experience
(your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
; To improve our website
(we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
; To improve customer service
(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
; To process transactions
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
; To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature
; To send periodic emails
The email address you provide for order processing, will only be used  to send you information and updates pertaining to your order.
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to?keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be kept on file for more than 60 days.
Do we use cookies?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information
We use cookies to keep track of advertisements and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at
www.nywaterway.com
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our
privacy policy
.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
www,nywaterway.com
4800 Avenue at Port Imperial
Weehawken, New Jersey 07086
USA
Info@nywaterway.com
800-533-3779
Bytemark Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Bytemark, Inc. recognizes the importance of your privacy. This Privacy
  Policy is intended to inform you about the information we collect when you
  access or use our website, our mobile applications, our social media
  accounts and the web portals and mobile applications that we develop for
  our clients (hereinafter all collectively referred to as "our services"),
  how we use that information, and with whom the information may be shared.
Who We Are
On August 1, 2023, Bytemark, Inc. merged with and into its parent company, Siemens Mobility, Inc. (“SMI”), and as a result of this merger, SMI assumed certain of Bytemark’s legal obligations, including the services and obligations established in this Privacy Policy. SMI will continue to provide the same services provided by Bytemark, including the provision of secure, comprehensive transit fare collection and Payments as a Service (PaaS) solutions to cities and agencies around the globe. We connect clients to riders using cutting-edge technology. SMI is a corporation organized under the laws of the State of Delaware, with its headquarters is located at One Pennsylvania Plaza, Floor 11, Suite 1100, New York, NY 10119.
Scope of our Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy applies to information that we collect online through
  our services. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. By continuing to
  access or use our services, you are consenting to the practices described
  in this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to information that we collect by other
  means, such as information you share with us verbally, in writing, or in
  email messages to our employees. It also does not cover any information
  collected by any other company, third-party site or third-party application
  that may link to, or that may be accessed from our website and mobile
  applications.
If you are using one of our client's web portals or applications, they are
  also collecting certain information from you and about you. To learn more
  about our clients' privacy practices, visit their respective websites.
Personal Information
Personal information is information that identifies, relates to, or could
  reasonably be linked with you or your household. For example, it could
  include your name, social security number, email address, records of
  products purchased, internet browsing history, geolocation data,
  fingerprints, and inferences from other personal information that could
  create a profile about your preferences and characteristics.
Personal Information We Collect
We may have collected the following Personal Information within the past
  twelve (12) months.
Identification: real name, alias, age, postal address, telephone
    number, unique personal identifier, online identifier, internet
    protocol address, email address, driver's license, and state
    identification card number
Financial Information: credit card and debit card numbers
Commercial information: records of products and services purchased and
    obtained
Internet or Network Activity: browsing history and information
    regarding your interaction with our services
Geolocation data
Professional or Employment Information: education and employment
    history for job applicants only
How We Collect Personal Information (Sources)
We collect information directly from you when you register for our services
  or update your user account. We also collect information if you contact us.
We collect information about you from third parties. For example, our
  business partners or clients may give us information about you. Social
  media platforms may also give us information about you.
We collect information from you passively where permitted. We may collect
  personal information about users over time and across different websites
  when you use our services. We may also have third parties that collect
  personal information this way. We may do this using tracking tools like
  browser cookies and web beacons and though services providers such as
  Google Analytics.
To learn more about Google Analytics and how to opt out, please visit "How
  Google Uses Information From Sites or Apps That Use Our Services" at
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
.
a. Cookies and Web Beacons
Cookies are small text files that are downloaded to the browser of a
  computer, tablet, or smartphone used to visit a website. A web beacon, also
  known as an internet tag, pixel tag, or clear GIF, is a tiny graphic image
  that may be used in our websites or emails
Cookies and web beacons may identify your browser, help you log-in, and
  improve the navigation of a website. We use these features to help us
  improve the performance of our services. For example, cookies allow us to
  review the number of visitors to our website and a visitor's usage
  patterns; to track key performance indicators such as pages visited,
  frequency of visits, downloads, and other statistical information; whether
  a visitor views the mobile or desktop version of the websites; to recognize
  you if you return to our website; to store information about your past
  visits, and to remember your preferences.
b. Controlling Cookies and "Do Not Track" Requests
You can control cookies and other tracking tools. Your browser may give you
  the ability to control cookies or other tracking tools. How you do so
  depends on the type of tool. Certain browsers can be set to reject browser
  cookies. If you block cookies on your browser, certain features of our
  services may not work. Choices you make are both browser and
  device-specific. If you block or delete cookies, not all of the tracking
  that we have described in this policy will stop. Some browsers have a "Do
  Not Track" feature that lets you tell websites that you do not want to have
  your online activities tracked. These features are not yet uniform, so we
  are not currently set up to respond to those signals.
You can also control cookies and other tracking tools on your mobile
  devices. For example, you can turn off the GPS locator or push
  notifications on your phone. Each push notification has an "unsubscribe"
  link.
How We Use or Process Personal Information
We do not sell personal information and do not intend to sell personal
  information in the future.
We may use or process the information that we collect to:
Manage our business operations and perform our services
Fulfill or meet the reasons you provided us the information,
    including to process your requests, transactions or payments, to
    prevent transaction fraud and to provide customer service
Maintain and service user accounts and verify customer information
Send you information about new products and special offers
Help maintain the safety, security, and integrity of our services,
    website products, and other technical assets
Improve, develop, debug, modify or support our services, website
    products, and other similar internal purposes (including using
    analytics to analyze our website's traffic and optimize its
    performance)
Respond to your inquires, process your requests concerning your
    personal information in our possession, to investigate and address your
    concerns, and to monitor and improve our responses
Respond to lawful requests for information through court orders,
    subpoenas, warrants and other legal process, obligations or
    governmental regulations
Consider individuals for employment and contractor opportunities
For employees only: to administer and provide compensation and
    benefits, to communicate with employees and their designated emergency
    contacts, to perform other human resource related activities, and to
    comply with employment law obligations
With Whom We Share Personal Information
We share personal information with our clients to provide our services and
  process transactions and payments.
We share personal information with third parties who perform services on
  our behalf. We may share personal information with service providers who
  help us operate, test, and improve our services. For example, your personal
  information may be stored on our behalf on third-party cloud infrastructure
  provider Amazon Web Services (AWS), a service provided by Amazon Web
  Services Inc. We also use Google Analytics, which is a web analytics
  service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google
  uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our website. This
  data may be shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected
  data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising
  network.
We share personal information with payment processing vendors to fulfill or
  meet the reasons you provided us the information, including to process your
  requests, transactions or payments, to prevent transaction fraud, and to
  provide customer service.
We and our clients share information with business partners. For example,
  we or our clients may share information with third parties who co-sponsor a
  promotion. These partners may send you information about events and
  products by mail or email.
We share information if we think we have to in order to comply with a legal
  investigation or to protect ourselves. For example, we may share
  information to respond to a court order or subpoena. We may share it if a
  government agency or investigatory body requests. We may share information
  when we are investigating potential fraud.
We may share information with any successor to all or part of our business.
  For example, if part of our business was sold, we may give our customer
  list as part of that transaction.
Updating, Correcting or Withdrawing Your Personal Information
It is important that the personal information we have about you is
  accurate. If any of the personal information you provide us should ever
  change, for instance if you change your email address or phone number, or
  should you wish to change your preferences, to stop receiving announcements
  from us, to correct any inaccurate personal information about you, or to
  delete any personal information that you provided through your use of our
  services, please let us know by either following this link (
https://www.bytemark.co/privacy
), or by sending an email to
privacy@bytemark.co
.
For security reasons, we may need to request specific information from you
  to help us confirm your identity, before we correct, update or delete any
  personal information you provide us.
Links to Social Media and Third-Party Websites
Our services may include links to blogs, social media, and third-party
  websites. These third-parties have their own privacy policies and terms of
  use and are not controlled by this Privacy Policy. You should carefully
  review any terms, conditions, and policies of such third-parties before
  visiting their websites or supplying them with any personal information. If
  you follow a link to any third-party site, any information you provide that
  site will be governed by its own terms of use and privacy policy and not
  this Privacy Policy.
We are not responsible for the privacy or security of any information you
  provide to a third-party website or the information practices used by any
  third-parties, including links to any third-party site from our website. We
  make no representations, express or implied, concerning the accuracy,
  privacy, safety, security, or the information practices of any
  third-parties. The inclusion of a link to a third-party site on our
  services does not constitute any type of endorsement of the linked site by
  us. We are not responsible for any loss or damage you may sustain resulting
  from your use of any third-party website or any information you share with
  a third-parties.
Information Security
We have implemented appropriate physical, administrative, technical, and
  organizational security measures, including encryption, to protect your
  personal information from inadvertent or unauthorized access, use,
  disclosure, alteration, or destruction. No method of data storage or data
  transmission over the Internet, however, is guaranteed to be completely
  secure. Your use of our services, and any personal information that you
  transmit over the Internet to us, is at your own risk.
Our Services Are Not Directed at and Not Intended to be Used by Minors
  Under Age 13.
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from
  children under 13 without permission from a parent or guardian. No visitor
  to our services who is a minor or under the age of 13 should provide any
  personal information to us. If you are a minor under the age of 13, do not
  use our services and do not send any type of personal information about
  yourself to us.
If you are a parent or legal guardian and think your child under age 13 has
given us information, email us at
privacy@bytemark.co
. You can also
  write to us at the address listed at the end of this policy. Please mark
  your inquiries "COPPA Information Request."
Because we do not sell personal information, we do not sell the personal
  information of consumers regardless of whether they are age 15 or 51.
Additional Privacy Notice for California Residents
The California Consumer Privacy Act ("CCPA") grants residents of the State
  of California certain privacy rights in their personal information. This
  Additional Privacy Notice for California Residents supplements the terms of
  our Privacy Policy explained above and should be read in conjunction our
  complete Privacy Policy.
If you are a California resident, you may ask us to disclose what personal
  information we have about you and what we do with that information, to
  delete your personal information and not to sell your personal information.
  You also have the right to be notified, before or at the point we collect
  your personal information, of the types of personal information we are
  collecting and what we may do with that information.
a. Collection, Use and Sharing Practices
We set forth in the general Privacy Policy, above, the categories of
  personal information we have collected about California residents in the
  preceding twelve (12) months, the categories of sources from which that
  information was collected, the business or commercial purposes for which
  the information was collected, and the categories of third parties with
  whom we shared the personal information.
As described above, we use cookies and web beacons for analytics. While the
  CCPA lacks clear guidance whether using these features for analytics would
  be considered a "sale" of personal information, we do not believe this use
  constitutes a "sale" under CCPA.
b. Your Right to Know
You may request that we disclose to you what personal information we have
  collected, used, shared, or sold about you, and why we collected, used,
  shared, or sold that information. Specifically, you may request that we
  disclose:
The categories of personal information collected
Specific pieces of personal information collected
The categories of sources from which we collected personal information
The purposes for which we use the personal information
The categories of third parties with whom we share the personal
    information
The categories of information that we sell or disclose to third parties
c. Your Right to Delete
You may request that we delete personal information we collected from you
  and to tell our service providers to do the same. However, there are many
  exceptions that allow us to keep your personal information. For example, we
  may deny your request to delete for the following reasons:
If we cannot verify your request
To comply with a legal obligation
To complete the transaction for which the information was collected,
    provide a good or service you requested, perform a contract with you,
    to fulfill the terms of a written warranty or product recall conducted
    in accordance with federal law, or take actions reasonably anticipated
    in the context of our ongoing business relationship with you
To detect security incidents, protect against deceptive, malicious,
    fraudulent, or illegal activity, or to prosecute those responsible for
    that activity
To debug products, services, or applications and to identify and repair
    errors that impair existing functionality
To exercise free speech, to ensure the rights of others to exercise
    their free speech rights, or to exercise another right provided by law
To comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act
    (Cal. Penal Code §1546 et. seq.)
To enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with
    consumer expectations based upon your relationship us
To make other internal and lawful uses of the information that are
    compatible with the context in which you provided the information
If the personal information is certain medical information, consumer
    credit reporting information, or other types of information exempt from
    the CCPA
d. Non-Discrimination
You have the right to not be discriminated against if you exercise CCPA
  privacy rights. We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of
  your CCPA rights. This means, for instance, that we will not deny you
  services, charge you a different price, including a discount or other
  benefit or impose a penalty for the exercise of your CCPA rights.
e. How To Exercise Your Privacy Rights
You can exercise these rights in several ways.
You can use this Web Form (
https://www.bytemark.co/privacy
)
You can make a request by calling 1-844-285-5076 toll free
You can submit a request via email to
privacy@bytemark.co
You can send a request by mailing it to One Pennsylvania Plaza, Floor
    11, Suite 1100, New York, NY 10119, to the attention of Nicholas Ihm,
    Chief Privacy Officer.
You may make the request on your own behalf or on behalf of your minor
  child. Another person who is legally authorized to act on your behalf may
  also submit a request for you. Please describe your request in sufficient
  detail to allow us to understand the nature of the request, evaluate and
  respond to it. Please provide sufficient information with your request to
  allow us to verify that you are the person about whom we collected personal
  information, or an authorized representative of that person.
We will promptly acknowledge receipt of your request and begin our
  verification process.
f. How We Will Verify and Respond
Before we respond to any request involving personal information, the CCPA
  requires that we confirm the identity of the person making the request, and
  if the request is made on behalf of another person, their authority to make
  the request on the other person's behalf. We are not obligated to provide
  or to delete any information pursuant to your request if we are unable to
  adequately verify your identity or the identity of the person making the
  request on your behalf.
Accordingly, we reserve the right to deny any request where we are unable
  to satisfactorily confirm your identity. If you have authorized someone to
  make a request on your behalf, we reserve the right to deny the request if
  we are unable to adequately verify the identity of that person or if we are
  unable to verify that the individual making the request is authorized to
  act on your behalf.
We will attempt to verify your identity by matching any information
  provided in your request against the personal information already in our
  possession. If you have authorized someone to make a request on your
  behalf, we will attempt to verify the identity of that person. We will also
  seek to confirm that you have authorized that person to submit a request on
  your behalf, which may include requesting a copy of any written
  authorization or power of attorney for the request. This process does not
  require that you establish any type of account with us, or sign up to
  receive any of our services.
The amount of information we may require in our verification process will
  depend on a variety of factors, including the nature of your request, the
  type, sensitivity, and value of the personal information in our possession,
  the potential risk of harm that could result from any unauthorized access
  to or deletion of your personal information, the likelihood that fraudulent
  or malicious actors would seek your information, and whether the
  information provided to us in your request is sufficient to protect against
  fraudulent requests or being fabricated or spoofed. For instance, we will
  require more points of confirmation if you request that we disclose
  specific pieces of information rather than categories of information in our
  possession. Concerning a request to delete information, once we confirm
  your identity we will separately confirm that you want the information
  deleted.
During our verification process, we may request additional information from
  you. Any information provided to us during our verification process will
  only be used for purposes of verifying your identity or the identity and/or
  authority of the person making the request.
We will endeavor to respond within forty-five (45) days of receipt of your
  request. If, however, we are unable to respond within that time, we will
  notify you of the reason and the additional time needed to make our
  response. The CCPA permits us to extend the time of our response by up to
  an additional forty-five (45) days.
If we deny a request in whole or in part, we will endeavor to explain the
  reasons for our denial.
g. CCPA's Limitations on Disclosures
We are not obligated under the CCPA to respond to any request where
  compliance or disclosure would violate an evidentiary privilege under
  California law or conflict with federal or state law.
The CCPA does not require that we provide personal information to you more
  than twice in a twelve month period.
Any disclosures we make may only cover the twelve (12) month period
  preceding the request.
We will not charge a fee to process or respond to your request and will
  provide information free of charge. Where a person's requests are
  repetitive, manifestly unfounded, or excessive, the CCPA authorizes us to
  either charge a reasonable fee that takes into account our administrative
  costs, or refuse to act on the request and notify the person making the
  request our reason for refusing the request. If we determine that a request
  warrants a fee, we will explain our decision and will endeavor to provide
  you with a cost estimate.
Regulations proposed by the California Attorney General prohibit us from
  disclosing specific pieces of personal information if the disclosure
  creates a substantial, articulable, and unreasonable risk to the security
  of that information or the security of our systems or networks. These
  proposed regulations further prohibit us from disclosing in response to
  your request a social security number, driver's license number, other
  government issued identification number, financial account number, any
  health insurance or medical identification number, an account password or
  security questions and answers.
Other California Privacy Rights
The California Civil Code permits California Residents with whom we have an
  established business relationship to request that we provide you with a
  list of certain categories of personal information that we have disclosed
  to third-parties for their direct marketing purposes during the preceding
calendar year. To make such a request, please send an email to
privacy@bytemark.co
, or write to
  us at the address listed below. Please mention that you are making a
  "California Shine the Light" inquiry.
International Users
This Privacy Policy describes our policies and procedures in the United
  States. Regardless of where you reside, by using our United States
  services, you consent to have your personal information transferred,
  processed, and stored in the United States, and allow us to use and collect
  your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Contact
If you have any questions about this Policy or want to correct or update
your information, please email us at
privacy@bytemark.co
.
You can also write to us at:
Siemens Mobility, Inc.
One Pennsylvania Plaza
Floor 11, Suite 1100
New York, NY 10119
Updates to Our Privacy Policy
This policy is effective on December 17, 2020.
We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time by posting a revised
  version and updating the effective date above. Material updates to our
  Privacy Policy will be posted in the chart below. We also will send an
  email to all known current users of our services when we make material
  updates to our Privacy Policy.
Summary of Updates Made:
Date of Update
Summary of Changes
December 18, 2018
Privacy Policy first posted.
May 15, 2020
Updated our BBB EU Privacy Shield statement
December 17, 2020
Revised entire Privacy Policy statement to be more readable
          and transparent and to address CCPA requirements.
Settings
Log Out
No current alerts