Blog
Top Rated
Insiders
Help
Shop
Login
Sign Up
Last Updated: March 19, 2025
1. Scope of this Privacy Policy
We believe in transparency, and we’re committed to being upfront about our privacy practices, including how we treat your personal information. This Privacy Policy describes the types of information Next Glass and its affiliates (collectively, “Next Glass” “we” or “us”)
                  collect through
https://nextglass.co
;
https://untappd.com
;
https://oznr.com
;
https://beeradvocate.com
;
https://hopculture.com
;
https://getollie.com
;
                  and
https://app.ollieops.com
;
                  and various related websites, mobile device applications, and services (collectively, the “Next Glass Services”), you agree to be bound by this
                  Privacy Policy and all of the terms incorporated herein by reference.
                  By using the Next Glass Services and/or submitting or collecting any personal data via the Next Glass Services,
                  you accept and expressly consent and agree to our practices surrounding the collection, use, and sharing of your personal information
                  in accordance with this Privacy Policy. IF YOU DO NOT CONSENT AND AGREE WITH THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY, YOU CANNOT, AND WE DO NOT AUTHORIZE YOU TO, ACCESS, BROWSE, OR USE THE NEXT GLASS SERVICES.
Our processing of personal information, such as your name, address, e-mail address, or telephone number, will be undertaken consistent with the requirements of applicable privacy laws, including, but not limited to,
                  the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), the California Privacy Rights Act (“CPRA”), the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), the UK General Data Protection Regulation (“UK GDPR”), and the Canadian Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (“PIPEDA”).
Accountability with respect to your personal information is important to us. In the event that you have any questions (including how your personal information is managed),
                  complaints or concerns about this Privacy Policy, or if you have reason to believe that we may have failed to adhere to it, please contact us anytime at
privacy@nextglass.co
.
2. Information We Collect
2.1 Personal Information We Collect Directly from You
We receive personal information as described to you at the point of collection, pursuant to your consent, and/or when you voluntarily provide us with personal information. This information may include:
Registration and Account Setup Information:
In order to use certain aspects of the Next Glass Services, will need to register for an account and submit a username and valid email address.
                          You may also provide your name and other personal information (such as birthday, gender, location) in connection with your account and activity. You can edit or remove this information through your account settings.
                          The user name associated with your account (which you may modify in your account settings) is publicly displayed and connected to your Next Glass Services activity. Other members may see the date you joined; ratings, reviews and information relating to items you review, and related photos you post.
Communications:
When you sign up to receive communications and marketing materials from the Next Glass Services you are also required to provide personal information such as your name and email address.
Additional Information:
In addition, you may be asked to provide optional personal information during registration to enhance the Next Glass Services experience. Additional personal information that you may provide to us includes personal
                          information provided through feedback, pictures you upload, comments, ratings, reviews, messages, emails, posts to public discussion boards, event registrations, and/or answers to surveys or questionnaires that you may submit.
Payment Information:
If you choose to purchase any of our products or services, you will be required to provide personal information such as your name, email address, address, phone number, and payment information.
We may also collect additional information, which may be personal information, as otherwise described to you at the point of collection or pursuant to your consent.
2.2 Information We Automatically Collect When You Use Our Next Glass Services
In order to access and use certain areas or features of the Next Glass Services, you consent to our collection and use of certain personal information about your physical location if you use the Next Glass Services on a device that has location enabled (including GPS,
                  cellular, and Wi-Fi networks) or from your browser or by other passive means. Your consent to our access and use of this “passively collected” information includes, but is not limited to, the domain name of the website that allowed you to navigate to the Next Glass Services,
                  search engines used, the internet protocol (IP) address used, the length of time spent on the Next Glass Services, the pages you looked at on the Next Glass Services, other webpages you visited before and after visiting the Next Glass Services, the type of device and/or internet
                  browser you have, the frequency of your visits to the Next Glass Services, and other relevant statistics (collectively
“Traffic Data”
):
3. How We Collect Information
We collect information (including personal information and Traffic Data) when you use and interact with the Next Glass Services, and in some cases from third party sources. Such means of collection include:
When you access, use, or contact us through the Next Glass Services.
When you voluntarily provide information through the Next Glass Services.
If you use a location-enabled browser, we may receive information about your location and device.
Through Cookies, Web Beacons, analytics services, and other tracking technologies (collectively,
“Tracking Tools”
).
4. Tracking Tools, Behavioral Advertising, and Opt Out Options
4.1. Tracking Tools
We may use tools outlined below in order to provide the Next Glass Services, advertise to, and better understand users.
Cookies:
“Cookies”
are small computer files transferred to your device that contain information such as user ID, user preferences, lists of pages visited and activities conducted while using the Next Glass Services.
                          We use Cookies to: (i) improve and tailor the Next Glass Services, (ii) customize advertisements, (iii) measure performance, (iv) store authentication so re-entering credentials is not required, (v) customize user experiences, and for (vi) analytics and fraud prevention.
                          For more information on Cookies, including how to control your Cookie settings and preferences, visit
http://www.allaboutCookies.org
. You can also manage Cookies in your web browser (for example, Edge, Explorer, Chrome, Safari).
                          If you choose to change your settings, you may find that certain functions or features of the Next Glass Services will not work as intended. The follow details the types of Cookies we use and why we use them:
Absolutely necessary Cookies.
These Cookies are essential to enable you to move around a website and use its features. Without these Cookies, services you have asked for, like adding items to an online order, cannot be provided.
Performance Cookies.
These Cookies collect information about how you use the Next Glass Services. Information collected includes, the Internet browsers and operating systems used, the domain name of the website previously visited,
                                  the number of visits, average duration of visit, and pages viewed. These Cookies do not collect information that personally identifies you and only collect aggregated and anonymous information. Performance Cookies are used to improve the user-friendliness of a website and enhance your experience.
Functionality Cookies.
These Cookies allow the Next Glass Services to remember choices you make (such as your username, language preference, or the area or region you are in) and provide enhanced,
                                  more personal features. These Cookies can also be used to remember changes you have made to text size, fonts, and other customizable parts of the Next Glass Services. The information these Cookies collect may be anonymized, and they cannot track your browsing activity on other websites.
Web Beacons:
“Web Beacons”
(a.k.a. clear GIFs or pixel tags) are tiny graphic image files embedded in a web page or email that may be used to collect information about the use of the Next Glass Services. The information collected by Web Beacons
                          allows us to analyze how many people are using the Next Glass Services, using selected publishers’ websites, or opening emails, and for what purpose.
Web Service Analytics:
We may use third-party analytics services in connection with the Next Glass Services, including, for example, to register mouse clicks, mouse movements, scrolling activity and text typed into the Next Glass Services.
                          We use the information collected from these services to help make the Next Glass Services easier to use and as otherwise set forth in Section 5 (How We Use Your Information). These analytics services generally do not collect personal information unless you voluntarily provide it.
Mobile Device Identifiers:
As with other Tracking Tools, mobile device identifiers help Next Glass learn more about our users’ demographics and Internet behaviors in order to personalize and improve the Next Glass Services.
                          Mobile device identifiers are data stored on mobile devices that may track activities occurring on and through it, as well as the applications installed on it.  Mobile device identifiers enable collection of personal information (such as media access control, address, and location) and Traffic Data.
4.2. Behavioral Advertising
We may use a type of advertising commonly known as interest-based or online behavioral advertising.  This means that some of our partners use Tracking Tools to collect information about a user’s online activities to display Next Glass ads to the user based on the user’s interests (“Behavioral Advertising”).
                  Our partners may include third-party advertisers and other third-party service providers, and such partners may collect information when you use the Next Glass Services, such as IP address, mobile device ID, operating system, and demographic information.
                  These Tracking Tools help Next Glass learn more about our users’ demographics and Internet behaviors.
4.3. Options for Opting out of Cookies and Mobile Device Identifiers
If we process Cookies based on your consent (as indicated at the time of collection of such data), you have the right to withdraw your consent at any point in time by contacting us at
privacy@nextglass.co
.
                  Please note, if you exercise this right, you may have to provide your consent on a case-by-case basis to enable you to utilize some or all of the Next Glass Services.
You may be able to reject Cookies and/or mobile device identifiers by activating the appropriate setting on your browser or device. Although you are not required to accept Next Glass’s Cookies or mobile device identifiers, if you block or reject them, you may not have access to all features available through the Next Glass Services.
You may opt out of receiving certain Cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) opt out page or the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) opt out page,
                          or by installing the DAA’s AppChoice app (for iOS; for Android) on your mobile device. When you use these opt-out features, an “opt-out” Cookie will be placed on your device indicating that you do not want to receive interest-based advertising from NAI or DAA member companies.
                          If you delete Cookies on your device, you may need to opt out again. For information about how to opt out of interest-based advertising on mobile devices,
                          please visit
http://www.applicationprivacy.org/expressing-your-behavioral-advertising-choices-on-a-mobile-device
.
                          You will need to opt out of each browser and device for which you desire to apply these opt-out features.
Even after opting out of Behavioral Advertising, you may still see Next Glass advertisements that are not interest-based (i.e., not targeted toward you). Also, opting out does not mean that Next Glass is no longer using Tracking Tools.
                          Next Glass still may collect information about your use of the Next Glass Services even after you have opted out of Behavioral Advertising and may still serve advertisements to you via the Next Glass Services based on information it collects through the Next Glass Services.
This Privacy Policy does not cover the use of Cookies and other Tracking Tools by any third parties, and we are not responsible for the privacy practices of any third party. Please be aware that some third-party Cookies can continue to track your activities online even after you have left the Next Glass Services.
4.4.  “Do Not Track” (DNT) and Universal Opt-Out Preference Signals
Some web browsers (including Safari, Internet Explorer, Firefox, and Chrome) incorporate a “Do Not Track” (DNT) or similar feature that signals to web services that a visitor does not want to have their online activity and behavior tracked.
                  If a web service operator elects to respond to a particular DNT signal, the web service operator may refrain from collecting certain personal information about the browser’s user. Not all browsers offer a DNT option and there is currently no industry consensus as to what constitutes a DNT signal.
                  For these reasons, many web service operators, including Next Glass, do not proactively respond to DNT signals.  For more information about DNT signals, visit
http://allaboutdnt.com
.
New standards are being developed for a Universal Opt-Out Mechanism, such as the Global Privacy Control (GPC), which allow users with GPC-enabled browsers and devices to send a signal that will communicate the user’s request to opt-out of sales of their personal
                  information and to opt-out of certain sharing of their personal information. The CPRA and other laws allow for the acceptance of Opt-Out Preference Signals such as the GPC, as an option for users to transmit an Opt-Out of selling/sharing personal information. If we detect and recognize such a signal from your device or browser, we will honor it.
5. How We Use Your Information
We do not engage in automated decision making. We may use information (including information that has been de-identified and/or aggregated) to better understand who uses the Next Glass Services and how we can deliver a better user experience.
                  We use information, including personal information, to provide the Next Glass Services and to help improve the Next Glass Services, to develop new services, and to advertise our services. Specifically, such use may include:
Providing you with the products, services, and information you request.
Corresponding with you.
Providing, maintaining, administering, or expanding the Next Glass Services, performing business analyses, and for other internal purposes.
Combining information received from third parties with information that we have from or about you and using the combined information for any of the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
Tailoring and delivering targeted advertisements to you, including interest-based or online behavioral advertising.
Auditing, research, and analysis to maintain, protect, and improve the Next Glass Services.
Ensuring the technical functions of our network.
Improving and customizing the content and layout of the Next Glass Services.
Developing new products and services;
Compiling personal information and other information collected through the Next Glass Services on an aggregate basis.
Fulfilling our legal obligations, such as preventing, detecting, and investigating security incidents, fraud, and potentially illegal or prohibited activities.
Enforcing our Privacy Policy and other agreements.
Although the sections above describe our primary purpose in collecting your personal information, in many situations we have more than one purpose.
                  For example, if you complete an online purchase we may collect your personal information to perform our contract with you, but we also collect your personal information as we
                  have a legitimate interest in maintaining your information after your transaction is complete so that we can quickly and easily respond to any questions about your order. As a result (and as permitted by applicable law),
                  our collection and processing of your personal information is based in different contexts upon your consent, our need to perform a contract, our obligations under law, and/or our legitimate interest in conducting our business.
We may compile non-personal information and de-identify and use personal information collected through the Next Glass Services on an aggregate basis. This information may include, without limitation, the number of users who have registered for
                  the Next Glass Services and demographic information about users and usage of the Next Glass Services. Such aggregate non-personal information does not identify you individually.
We may sell, rent, loan, transfer, and/or trade such non-personal information to third parties for any of the purposes specified in this Privacy Policy, and for any other lawful purpose.
                  For example, we may sell non-personal information to third party advertising service providers to help facilitate their data marketplace offerings with data buyers. We may also provide our third party customers in the beverage industry with non-personal information
                  that they use for their own measurement, communications and marketing purposes. For example, certain of our customers use this non-personal information to update their menus, select products to stock in their stores, and communicate available products to their customers.
                  No mobile information will be shared with third parties/affiliates for marketing/promotional purposes. All other categories exclude text messaging originator opt-in data and consent; this information will not be shared with any third parties.
By providing your e-mail and/or phone number and checking a box, clicking the “complete” button, or some other affirmative act, you are consenting to receive e-mails and/or calls and text messages, including live, prerecorded,
                  and/or automated calls and messages, to that email or phone number. After signing up, you will receive a confirmation e-mail or text message from Next Glass on your mobile number. This agreement is not entered into as a term or requirement of any purchase or promotion.
                  Normal message and data rates may apply. Message frequency may vary. Neither we nor the participating carriers guarantee that messages will be delivered.  We may discontinue these programs at any time without notice.
6. How We Share Your Information
In certain circumstances, and in order to perform the Next Glass Services, we may share certain information about you as described in this section:
In Connection with our Offerings
. The Next Glass Services involves the sharing of certain personal information collected through the Next Glass Services with (i) other users of the Next Glass Services, and (ii) as you otherwise provide your consent.
                          Information which you upload, post, e-mail, submit or otherwise transmit in connection with the Next Glass Services to a public message board, chat area or other public area of the Next Glass Services will be made public to users of the Next Glass Services,
                          including certain metadata related to such activities (such as timestamps). You are solely responsible for any such personal information you choose to post on or through the Next Glass Services. All information that is posted to a message board, chat area, or
                          other public area of the Next Glass Services may be shared by us with (i) other users of the Next Glass Services, and (ii) as you otherwise provide your consent. Please be aware that anything you share publicly may be further shared by other users of the Next Glass Services
                          (for example, by emailing a screenshot of your post to non-users). We are not responsible for any such sharing of information you have shared publicly on the Next Glass Services.
Subsidiaries and Affiliates.
We may share personal information with our subsidiaries and affiliates for the purposes for which you provided the information or as reasonably necessary for our internal administrative and business purposes.
Service Providers.
We work with third parties that provide services on our behalf. Among other things, business partners may help us to administer and host our Next Glass Services, assist or support our business operations, conduct surveys, provide technical
                          support, conduct research and analysis, provide marketing services, process payments, and assist in the fulfillment of orders.. We may share personal information and non-personal with these service providers, vendors, sales brokers, and retail partners (and their service providers) for the purpose of enabling them to provide these services.
Partner Promotion
. We may offer contests, sweepstakes, or other promotions with third party partners. If you decide to enter a contest, sweepstakes, or promotion that is sponsored by a third party partner,
                          the personal information that you provide will be disclosed to such third party partners, and their use of your personal information is not governed by this Privacy Policy.
Marketing
. We may disclose, sell, rent, loan, transfer, and/or trade your personal information to unaffiliated third parties for any of the purposes specified in this Privacy Policy, including for such third parties to use your personal information for
                          their own marketing purposes, to send marketing solicitations to offer products or services, and to use the personal information for data validation, data enhancement, data information authentication/verification, and/or data suppression services. For example,
                          we may sell personal information to third party advertising service providers to help facilitate their data marketplace offerings with data buyers, and to third party data analytics service providers to help facilitate their data matching offerings with data authentication customers.
Required by Law
. We also may need to disclose your personal information or any other information we collect about you if we determine in good faith that such disclosure is needed to: (1) comply with or fulfill our obligations under applicable law; (2) protect the rights,
                          property or safety of you, Next Glass or another party; (3) enforce this Privacy Policy or other agreements with you; or (4) respond to claims that any posting or other content violates third-party rights
Certain Transactions
. We may disclose or transfer personal information or any information collected through this Next Glass Services to third parties who acquire all or a portion of our business, whether such acquisition is by way of merger, consolidation, or purchase of all or a portion of our assets,
                          or in connection with any bankruptcy or reorganization proceeding brought by or against us.
Interest-Based Advertising
. We participate in Interest-based advertising. This means that you may see advertising on the Next Glass Services tailored to how you engage or browse, or you may see advertising for us on other websites, applications and social media based on your behavior across websites,
                          applications and social media. We may target ads based on data we have collected, or data provided by third parties alone or in combination with the data we collect ourselves. If you choose to interact with specific third parties who advertise through the Next Glass Services, the information you provide to
                          them is subject to the conditions of their specific privacy policies. By using the Next Glass Services you agree to usage tracking and targeted interest-based advertising. If you do not wish to have cookies track your usage for these purposes,
                          please visit each website’s respective Cookie Policy page for information regarding how to refuse all or some browser cookies, or do not use the Next Glass Services.
Consent
. We may share personal information in accordance with any consent you provide.
7. Collection and Use of Sensitive Information
We have collected the following categories of sensitive personal information from consumers within the last twelve months:
Government identifiers
Complete account credentials
Racial or ethnic origin
Religious or philosophical beliefs
Union membership
Genetic data
Mail, email, or text message contents
Unique identifying biometric information
Health, sex life, or sexual orientation
We do not use or disclose sensitive personal information for purposes other than those specified in the CCPA/CPRA.
8. Storage and Security of Information
Any information you send to us electronically, while using the Next Glass Services or otherwise interacting with us, may not be secure when it is transmitted to us. We recommend that you do not use unsecure channels to communicate sensitive or confidential information to us.
                  Please be aware, despite our best efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable, and we cannot guarantee “perfect security.” Any information you send us through any means is transmitted at your own risk.
9. Your Choices
9.1 Information You Provide
You can choose whether or not to provide personal information through the Next Glass Services. We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your rights relating to your personal information and will not (i) deny you goods or services,
                  (ii) provide you with a different level or quality of services, or (iii) charge you different prices for services for doing so.
9.2 California Privacy Rights
In the preceding 12 months, we collected and disclosed for a business purpose the following categories of personal information about California consumers:
Category
Examples
Collected?
Categories of Recipients
Identifiers
Name, address, e-mail address, IP address
Yes
IT service management providers
                              Email marketing website vendors
                              Data analytics providers
                              Security vendors
                              Background check vendors
                              Employment agencies or recruiting vendors
Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute
Name, professional-related information; and employment-related information
Yes
IT service management providers
                              Email marketing website vendors
                              Data analytics providers
                              Security vendors
                              Background check vendors
                              Employment agencies or recruiting vendors
Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law
Name, age, citizenship, nationality, ancestry, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or military status, proof of eligibility to work
Yes
IT service management providers
                              Email marketing website vendors
                              Data analytics providers
                              Security vendors
                              Background check vendors
                              Employment agencies or recruiting vendors
Commercial Information
Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies
Yes
IT service management providers
                              Email marketing website vendors
                              Data analytics providers
                              Business partners
                              Product fulfillment partners
Internet or other similar network activity
Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer’s interaction with the Next Glass Services
Yes
IT service management providers
                              Email marketing website vendors
                              Data analytics providers
Geolocation data
Location and movement data
Yes
IT service management providers
                              Email marketing website vendors
                              Data analytics providers
                              Business partners
Professional or employment-related information
Proof of eligibility to work, resumé, other professional-related information and employment-related information
No
n/a
Biometric information
Genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological characteristics, or activity patterns used to extract a template or other identifier or identifying information, such as, fingerprints, faceprints, and voiceprints, iris or retina scans, keystroke, gait, or other physical patterns, and sleep, health, or exercise data.
No
n/a
Education Information
Education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or party acting on its behalf.
No
n/a
Inferences from the foregoing
Profile reflecting a person's preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
Yes
IT service management providers
                              Email marketing website vendors
                              Data analytics providers
                              Business partners
Purposes for Collection, Use, and Sharing
. We use and disclose the personal information we collect for our commercial purposes, as further described in this Privacy Policy, including for our business purposes with our partners and service providers as follows:
Auditing related to our interactions with you;
Legal compliance;
Advertising and marketing;
To provide content
To provide goods or services that have been purchased by you, for you, or on your behalf;
Detecting security incidents, protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and exercising our related rights;
Debugging;
Performing services (for us or our service provider);
Internal research for technological improvement;
Internal operations;
Activities to maintain and improve our services; and
Other one-time or short-term uses.
Sales of Personal Information
. In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have sold the following categories of personal information:
Geolocation data
Commercial Information
Inferences drawn from other personal information
Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law
We sell your personal information to our business partners solely for the purposes of fulfilling your product orders and advertising.
Your Rights.
If you are a California resident you may have the following rights under the CCPA/CPRA in relation to personal information we have collected about you, to the extent required by the CCPA/CPRA and subject to verification:
Right to Know/Access:
The right to request certain information about our collection and use of personal information about you as described below:
The specific pieces of your personal information collected.
The categories of your personal information collected.
The categories of sources from whom your personal information is collected.
The purpose for collecting your personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom we have shared your personal information.
Right to Delete:
The right to request that we delete certain personal information we have about you.
Freedom from Discrimination:
You have the right to be free from unlawful discrimination for exercising any of your privacy rights.
Right to Correct:
You have the right to request that we correct inaccurate personal information regarding the information you provide us.
Right to Restrict the Use of Sensitive Personal Information:
You have the right to restrict the use of your sensitive personal information.
Right to Access Information on Automated Decision-Making:
You have the right to access information collected through automated decision-making. Additionally, you can opt-out of our use of automated decision-making related to your personal information.
To make a request in relation to the above rights, please contact us using the information in Section 14 below. To fulfill your request, we will need to verify your identity. Only you or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf may make a request related to your personal information.
                  To designate an authorized agent, the authorized agent must provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify that you authorize them to act on your behalf.
9.3 Canada, European Union and United Kingdom Privacy Rights
If our processing of your personal information is subject to GDPR, UKGDPR, and/or PIPEDA, and unless subject to an exemption, you may have the following rights with respect to your personal information:
To request a copy of the personal information we hold about you and where possible, to transmit that data directly to another data controller.
To request we correct any personal information about you.
To request your personal information be erased when no longer necessary for us to retain such data;
To withdraw your consent to the processing of your personal information.
To request a copy of the personal information we hold about you.
Where there is a dispute in relation to the accuracy or processing of your personal information, to request a restriction be placed on further processing.
To object to the processing of personal information (where applicable).
To lodge a complaint with a data supervisory authority.
We will need to verify your identity to process any requests described in this Section and may deny your request if we are unable to verify your identity. Government or other identification may be required.
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (“EEA”), when we process your personal information, we will only do so in the following situations:
We need to use your information to perform our responsibilities under our agreement with you.
We have a legitimate interest in processing your personal information. For example, we may process your personal information to send you marketing communications, to communicate with you about the Next Glass Services, and to provide and improve the Next Glass Services.
We have your consent to do so.
If your personal data is subject to GDPR or UK GDPR, we will transfer personal data from the EEA to a location outside the EEA only when there has been a documented adequacy determination, or where we have confirmed adequate privacy protections.
                  If your personal data is subject to PIPEDA, we will transfer personal data from Canada to locations outside Canada only where we have confirmed adequate privacy protections. If we transfer personal data to a third party acting as our agent, we will also obligate the third party to have adequate privacy protections in place.
10. How Long We Retain Your Information
We retain personal information about you for as long as necessary to provide you the Next Glass Services. In some cases, we retain personal information for longer, if doing so is necessary to comply with our legal obligations,
                  or as otherwise permitted by applicable law. Afterwards, we retain some information in a de-identified and/or aggregated form but not in a way that would identify you personally.
11. Information Provided on Behalf of Children and Others
The Next Glass Services are not intended for use by children. Individuals under the age of 18 may not use the Next Glass Services. Next Glass does not knowingly collect any information from children.
                  If you are under 18, do not attempt to register for the Next Glass Services or send us any personal information. By accessing, using and/or submitting information through the Next Glass Services, you represent that you are not younger than
                  18 and that you have authority to do so. If you are a parent or legal guardian of a minor child, you may, in compliance with this Privacy Policy, use the Next Glass Services on behalf of such minor child. Information you provide through the Next Glass Services on behalf of
                  a minor child will be treated as personal information as provided herein. If you use the Next Glass Services on behalf of another person, regardless of age, you represent and warrant that you have authority to do so.
12. Third Party Web Services
The Next Glass Services may contain links or content from third party websites. A link or content from a third-party website does not mean we endorse that website, the accuracy of information presented, or the persons or entities associated with that website.
                  If you visit a third-party website, you are subject to the privacy policy of the applicable third party and we are not responsible for the policies and/or practices of any third party. We encourage you to ask questions before you disclose your information to others.
13. Updates and Changes to Privacy Policy
The effective date of this Privacy Policy is set forth at the top of this webpage. We will notify you of any material change by posting notice on this webpage. Your continued use of the Next Glass Services after the effective date of any amendment to this
                  Privacy Policy constitutes your acceptance of the amended Privacy Policy. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices. Any amended Privacy Policy supersedes all previous versions. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO FUTURE CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY, YOU MUST STOP USING THE CLIENT SERVICES AFTER THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF SUCH CHANGES.
14. Contact Us
The data controller for the purposes of GDPR, UK GDPR, PIPEDA or other data protection laws is Next Glass. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at
privacy@nextglass.co
.
Resources
Insider Account
Shop
API
Sign-up
Privacy Policy
Terms of Sevice
Cookie Policy
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
PR Kit
Contact
Help & Support
Email
Twitter
Facebook