Effective date: March 04, 2019
InfantRisk Center operates as a reference on the safety of medications in breastfeeding and pregnancy available through the web at InfantRisk.com, on mobile devices and tablets (the "
InfantRisk Center Service
" or "
Service
"). As used in this policy, "
InfantRisk Center
" refers to InfantRisk Center and its subsidiaries. This policy applies to all InfantRisk Center-authorized operations of the Service. We may refer to InfantRisk Center as "
we
", "
us
", or "
our"
. We may refer to you as "
you
", or "
your
". The purpose of this policy is to inform you about the information we collect, how we use and share that information, and the ways in which you can control how we use and share that information. By submitting your information through our Service, you agree to the terms of this policy and you expressly consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of your information in accordance with this policy.
1. Information We Receive or Collect from You
Registration Data:
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features. When you register, we ask you to provide certain information, which may include your first name, last name, email address (the "Registration Data"), as well as a password for your accounts.
Payment Information:
If you choose to subscribe to our service, or purchase add-on products or services, you will also be asked to provide (at a minimum) your name and credit card information ("Payment Information") or your platform specific account details if purchase is made through our iPhone or Android mobile applications.
Information You Choose to Provide to InfantRisk Center:
You have the ability to provide a variety of information during your interactions with us and the InfantRisk Center Service, such as emails you may send us, polls or surveys you choose to participate in, ads you respond to, and emails or newsletters that you sign up to receive. InfantRisk Center or third parties acting on our behalf receive data from you whenever you provide us with any of this type of information.
Usage Activity:
When you use the Service, we may keep track of your usage activity, which may include the medications you lookup, the medications you favorite, and how long you use difference parts of the Service.
Community Posting:
You have the ability to post comments and information in community networking features available on or accessible through the Service, such as your public profile, forums, our blog, and our social networking pages. You should be aware that any information you submit in the course of these community activities can be read, collected, or used by other users of these parts of the Service, as further discussed below. We are not responsible for the information you choose to make public in any of the community networking features available on or through the Service.
Technical Information:
As is true of many internet-enabled services, InfantRisk Center may collect certain non-personally identifiable technical information through the use of log files and servers. Web and application servers create log files automatically as part of their setup and configuration. Information in a log file may include IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, date/time stamps, MAC address, file requested, and other usage information and statistics.
Contact Information:
If you choose to participate in certain features and/or rewards offered through the Service, you may provide us, and we may collect, your contact information, including your name, mailing address, and phone number ("Contact Information"). The email address you provided as part of your Registration Data is not considered Contact Information for the purposes of this policy.
Device Information:
If you access and use the Service from a computer, mobile phone, tablet, automobile, or other electronic device, we may collect information about those devices. For example, our servers receive and store information about your computer and browser, including your Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type, and other related software or hardware information. If you access the Service from a mobile phone, tablet, automobile, or other electronic device, we may collect and store information such as device type, operating system version and type, unique identifiers (such as Android Advertising ID, VIN, MAC address, and IDFA), carrier, and other related information for that device.
Location Information:
We may collect and use approximated or realtime location information, such as GPS location, from devices you use to access the InfantRisk Center Service. We will provide you with notice and an opportunity to consent before we access and collect your realtime location information, and depending on your device manufacturer, you may have the ability to revoke this consent at any time.
2. Information We Receive or Collect from Third Parties
We may receive or collect information about you from third parties, and combine and store it on our servers with other information we may have already received or collected from you. These third parties include:
Service partners that provide or make available advertising, features and functionality, and content on or through the Service.
Advertising partners that collect and maintain information on their customers. These partners may provide InfantRisk Center with certain information about those customers for the purposes of serving advertisements and/or marketing offers to their customers on the InfantRisk Center Service.
Third-party social media websites, applications, or services that you use, when we allow those websites, applications, or services to interact through the Service to provide personalized services to you. In some cases, those websites, applications, or services may automatically provide us with information about you to facilitate personalization unless you use the controls available on those websites, applications, or services to opt-out of such sharing.
InfantRisk Center is not responsible for, and will assume no liability, if a business partner or other entity collects, uses, or shares any information about you in violation of its own privacy policy or any applicable laws, rules, or regulations.
3. Information Collection Technologies
Our use of cookies:
InfantRisk Center uses a technology that is commonly known as "cookies." A cookie is a file our server writes to your hard drive that contains an alphanumeric identifier. We use the identifier in a cookie to help us manage and report on your interaction with the Service. Through cookies, we are able to collect information that we use to improve the Service, keep count of return visits to our website or our advertisers' or partners' websites, collect and report on aggregate statistical information, authenticate your login credentials, or manage multiple instances of the Service in a single browser. We may also collect other data such as the page or site that referred you to the Service, the date and time you visited the Service, and your current IP address. The cookies we place on your hard drive are known as "first-party cookies."
We use both session cookies and persistent cookies. A session cookie expires when you close your browser. A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time. You may be able to remove persistent cookies by following directions provided in your browser's "help" section. If you do not accept first-party cookies you may still use our Service, but your ability to use some areas of our website, and the ability to stay logged in, will be limited.
Beacons and tracking pixels:
InfantRisk Center, its third-party advertising partners, and tracking-utility partners employ a technology known as "beacons" or "tracking pixels" (each, a "
Beacon
"). A Beacon is a one-pixel-by-one-pixel clear image that is embedded in HTML content, and is about the size of a period at the end of a sentence. When HTML content containing a Beacon is rendered, the Beacon transmits anonymous information to a server, such as a numeric count, unique identifier, or IP address. InfantRisk Center and its partners use Beacons to help us better manage content on our Service. For example, we may place a Beacon in HTML-based emails to let us know which emails recipients have opened, or on a webpage to count the number of unique visitors to that page. The use of a Beacon may calso allow us to gauge the effectiveness of certain communications and of our marketing campaigns.
4. How We Use Information We Receive or Collect
Generally: In general, InfantRisk Center may use your Registration Data and/or other information or data we receive or collect, as well as data we derive or infer from combinations of the foregoing, for a variety of purposes, such as:
To facilitate the creation of and secure your account on the InfantRisk Center Service.
To customize and personalize the advertising and other content we deliver to you both on the Service and on other services offered by our publishing partners. We use this information to provide you with relevant and interesting advertising and other content.
To measure and analyze Service usage and enhance the user experience for our Service. This helps us continue to build a better Service for you.
To fulfill your requests for certain products and services, such as distributing electronic newsletters and enabling you to participate in and renew paid services, surveys, and public forums.
To send you information that you agreed to receive.
To alert you to the latest developments and features on our Service and to notify you of administrative information, such as security or support and maintenance advisories.
To invite you to participate in events or special promotions or products we think you may like or in which you may be interested.
Email Address:
We do not sell or give your email address to other companies for their own marketing purposes without your permission. However, we may use your email address or other Registration Data to provide you with technical support, send you notices about the Service or other promotional offers you have elected to receive, and to serve you with ads that are more relevant to your interests. We may also work with data partners and advertising platforms to help increase the relevancy of ads we provide to our users. In doing so, we may use information representing an encrypted or hashed value derived from information we have received, such as your email address, in connection with these partners and platforms.
Contact Information:
We do not sell or give your Contact Information to companies for their own marketing purposes without your permission. We do use Contact Information, however, to contact you, and to provide you with special offers and other information if you have agreed to receive such contact.
5. How We Share Information We Receive or Collect with Others
How Your Information Is Shared:
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
When you participate in community and social networking features on the InfantRisk Center Service, such as forums, station sharing, reviews, or other forms of communication and interaction which you elect to make public or share on public profiles or in other public forums.
If we contract or partner with third parties to provide specialized services on our behalf, such as credit card processors, customer support, ad servers or other providers of advertising services, bulk email processors who send out emails on our behalf, or parties who assist us with sweepstakes management and prize fulfillment. These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to InfantRisk Center. They are not authorized to use your personal information for their own, unrelated purposes.
If you elect to take advantage of certain features or services provided jointly by InfantRisk Center and third parties, we may share certain information about you with those third parties for account authentication and management, and to enable the Service on their platforms. For example, when you share information through integrated social networking platforms, such as Facebook, you are agreeing to allow the InfantRisk Center service to communicate or "talk" with the other service in order to make the social features available for your use. These service partners may have their own data collection, use, and sharing practices that may also be applicable to your personal information, and that are not covered by this Policy. You acknowledge and agree that you are solely responsible for your use of those third-party service providers and that it is your responsibility to review the terms of use and privacy policies of the third-party service providers and the methods they use for changing the privacy or sharing settings on such services.
To measure and analyze Service usage.
Sharing of Personally Identifiable Information:
We do not share personally identifiable information with third parties other than as described in this policy. However, we may share your information, including personally identifiable information, in order to (i) protect or defend the legal rights or property of InfantRisk Center, or the legal rights of our business partners, employees, agents, and contractors (including enforcement of our agreements); (ii) protect the safety and security of InfantRisk Center users or members of the public including acting in urgent circumstances; (iii) protect against fraud or to conduct risk management; or (iv) comply with the law, legal process, or legal requests. Additionally, we may share your data, including any personally identifiable information, with our successor in interest in the event of a corporate reorganization, merger, or sale of all or substantially all of our assets.
Sharing of Device Data:
InfantRisk Center may share information from devices you use to access the Service with its third-party vendors or service providers, manufacturing or distribution partners, or advertising partners. We share this information for a variety of purposes such as advertising frequency capping, tracking advertising conversion events, estimating the number of unique users, security and fraud detection, debugging problems with the InfantRisk Center Service, and for providing you with more relevant advertisements.
Sharing of Anonymized, Non-Personally Identifiable or Aggregated Data:
InfantRisk Center may share with third parties, advertisers, and/or business partners anonymized, non-personally identifiable, or aggregated data we receive or collect, such as de-identified demographic information, de-identified location information, information about the computer or device from which you access the Service, or information about the medications, conditions, articles you search, or bookmark. We share such information for a variety of reasons, such as to analyze Service usage, improve the InfantRisk Center Service and your user experience, improve the serving of advertisements, or for other similar purposes. The use and disclosure of such anonymized, non-personally identifiable, or aggregated information is not subject to any restrictions under this policy.
Information You Disclose in a Public Profile or in Public Forums:
The InfantRisk Center Service offers publicly accessible and available profile pages, community forums, blogs, and pages on social media platforms. You should be aware that any information you provide or post in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them. If your profile is public, any information you place in your user profile, including biographical information, the people you are following, and the people whom you allow to follow you, may be read, collected, and used by others who access them.
Onward Transfer:
If your personally identifiable information is transferred as described in this policy, we will seek assurances from the recipients of such personally identifiable information (prior to the transfer) that they will safeguard the personally identifiable information in a manner consistent with this policy. We ask recipients of such information to enter into a contractual relationship with us that includes confidentiality and non-disclosure clauses, and provides the same level of commitment to and protections of information as provided in this Policy.
6. Managing Your Information
Modification of Your Registration Data: We provide you with the ability to modify your Registration Data, which you may do through the Settings or Profile sections of our Service.
Retention of Your Registration Data and other Information:
We will retain and use your Registration Data and the other information we collect about you for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you Services. We will retain and use this information for the purposes for which it was collected (as specified in this policy or as InfantRisk Center discloses to its users outside of this policy), including, to provide the Service to you, comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Your Email Preferences:
When you register for the Service, you may elect to receive promotional, marketing, or other similar emails tailored to your interests. You have the option to change this election in the Settings section of our Service. Additionally, you may also follow the unsubscribe instructions contained in the promotional, marketing, or other similar emails you receive.
We will send you transaction confirmation emails and other Service-related announcements when it is necessary to do so. For instance, if our Service is temporarily suspended for maintenance, we might send you an email. Generally, you may not opt-out of these communications, which are not promotional in nature. If you do not wish to receive them, you have the option to deactivate your account.
Cancellation or Deactivation of Accounts:
If you would like to request the cancellation or deactivation of your account, you may do so under the settings section. Cancellation or deactivation of your account does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information you may have posted or otherwise made available publicly on the Service while you were a registered user.
Cached Profiles on Search Engines:
Please note that although we may deactivate your account or make your profile private at your request, Internet search engines such as Google and Bing cache publicly available webpages for a period of time beyond the control of InfantRisk Center, and may make your deactivated or formerly public profile available to users of their services on their platforms until such time as they refresh their webpage cache. Please consult with the applicable search engine to determine how you may remove webpages from their webpage cache.
8. Security and Content from Other Websites
Protection of Data from Loss:
We have implemented security measures designed to protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information we collect or receive from you. However, despite our efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. If you have any questions about security on our Service, you can contact our support team at
support@infantrisk.com
.
Data Integrity:
We will use personally identifiable information, if any, that we collect and receive from you in ways that are relevant and compatible with the purpose for which that information was collected or provided to us as more fully disclosed in this policy. We will take steps to ensure that all personally identifiable information collected, processed, and/or stored is protected from destruction, corruption, or use in a manner inconsistent with the purpose for which we received it.
Links to Other Websites: Our Service and certain advertisements on our Service include links to other websites whose privacy practices may differ from those of InfantRisk Center. If you submit personal information to any of those websites, the privacy statements and practices of those websites govern their use of your information. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy statement of any website you visit.
9. Our Policies Concerning Children
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under the age of 13 years old, the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, United States' consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children's privacy and safety online.
InfantRisk Center prohibits registration by, and does not knowingly collect personal information from, anyone under 13 years of age. In the event we obtain actual knowledge that we have collected information from children under the age of 13, we will take measures to remove such information from our servers. If you believe that we might have any personal information from a child under 13, please contact our support team at
support@infantrisk.com
.
10. California Online Privacy Rights
CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law's reach stretches well beyond California to require any person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting Personally Identifiable Information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals or companies with whom it is being shared. - See more at:
http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa…
Pursuant to California Civil Code Section 1798.83, this policy sets forth that we only share personal information (as defined in California Civil Code Section 1798.83) with third parties for direct marketing purposes if you either specifically opt-in, or are offered the opportunity to opt-out and elect not to opt-out of such sharing at the time you provide personal information or when you choose to participate in a feature on the Service. If you do not opt-in or if you opt-out at that time, we will not share your personal information with that identified third party for direct marketing purposes.
11. Transfer of Information of International Users
Please note that the information you submit to us may be transferred to the U.S. and other countries to be processed by us or our service providers in order to provide the Service to you or for such other purposes as set forth in this policy. If you are not a resident of the U.S., you hereby consent and agree that we may collect, process, use, and store your information, as discussed in this policy, outside your resident jurisdiction, including in the U.S. Please be aware that U.S. law and the laws of other countries where we may store and process your information may offer different levels of protection for information than may be available in your country.
12. Changes to our Privacy Policy
We will continue to evaluate this policy against new technologies, business practices, Safe Harbor requirements, and our users’ needs, and may make changes to the policy accordingly. Please check this page periodically for updates.
13. Governance
Dispute Resolution:
Questions or concerns regarding our use or disclosure of information may be directed to our support team at
support@infantrisk.com
. InfantRisk Center will investigate and attempt to resolve complaints and disputes regarding use and disclosure of information in accordance with the principles contained in this policy.
14. Contact Us
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, or the privacy practices of InfantRisk Center, contact our support team for more information, or write to us at Attn:
InfantRisk Center
1400 Wallace Blvd
Amarillo, TX 79106
United States
https://www.infantrisk.com/
support@infantrisk.com