Home
/
Legal
/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
GT Gettaxi (UK) Limited, GT Gettaxi Services Israel Ltd., and any other member of the Gett group companies, as applicable (together with its affiliated companies – “
Gett
”, “
we
”, “
our
” or “
us
”) put great efforts into making sure that your personal data is kept safe and is properly used.
This Privacy Policy describes, with respect to Gett’s technology platform and related services (the “
Services
”), how and for which purposes we collect, store, use and disclose the following types of personal data:
1.
User data
relating to individuals who are registered to the Services or use them, either independently or on behalf of our corporate customers, to book, send and receive taxi rides and courier deliveries, as well as any data that they provide us relating to others (such as the recipients of their deliveries sent via Gett);
2.
Driver and courier data
relating to drivers and couriers who use the Services, either individually or as part of a fleet that has integrated into the Services, to accept and execute rides and/or delivery orders, pick up riders or deliveries and carry them to their destinations, and to receive payments for such activities;
3.
Website visitor, CRM & prospects data
relating to visitors of our website, participants at our events, business customers, partners, and any prospective customer, partner, user or driver who visits or otherwise interacts with any of our websites, online ads and content, e-mails or other communications under our control (“
Gett Sites
” or “
Sites
”).
Specifically, this Privacy Policy describes our practices regarding –
1.
Data Collection
2.
Data Uses
3.
Data Location and Retention
4.
Data Sharing
5.
Cookies & Tracking Technologies
6.
Communications
7.
Data Security
8.
Your rights
9.
Roles & Responsibilities
10.
Additional Notice & Contact Details
If you are a user, driver, visitor, partner or prospect (“you”) – please read this Privacy Policy carefully and make sure that you fully understand and agree to it.
You are not legally required to provide us with any personal data, and may do so (or avoid doing so) at your own free will. If you do not wish to provide us with your personal data, or to have it processed by us or any of our Service Providers (defined in
Section 4
below), please refrain from accessing, using or registering to our Services. If you are using the Services on behalf of any of our business customers or partners, we suggest that you contact your organizational account administrator with any questions or let them know that you would not like to be registered by them to the Services.
1. Data Collection
(i) User Data
: Our Services enable Gett customers and their personnel, as well as any other individual, to easily book and manage their business or personal ground travel and deliveries. Gett collects and generates the following types of personal data relating to such business or individual users –
user profile information
(name, e-mail address, mobile phone number, saved addresses, and, where applicable, hashed password);
business account information
(as applicable: company name, industry, account classification and commercial terms);
orders, transactions and ride/delivery details
(ride and delivery orders, pick-up and drop-off data, route, GPS location of mobile device, contact details for delivery sender and recipient, proof of delivery (which may include the time, location, name and signature of the person who accepted the delivery, as well as a photo of the delivered item and the location where it was left), payment method, invoices and transaction history, ride/delivery preferences, and additional details provided by the user with respect to the order);
rider, driver and courier ratings
(as submitted by the user or its driver/courier, respectively);
usage information
(connectivity, technical and aggregated usage data and activity logs, log-in and log-out time, user agent, IP addresses, device and mobile app data (like type, OS, device id, app version, browser version, locale, time-zone and language settings used), session recordings and analytics, and the cookies and pixels installed or utilized on their device);
direct interactions and communications with us
(including recordings and transcripts of your calls, e-mails, form submissions and chats with us, e.g., for customer service, user enablement, feedback, support, training, record-keeping and legal-related purposes).
(ii) Driver and Courier Data
: Our Services enable taxi drivers and delivery couriers – either operating independently or as part of our partner fleets – to easily accept taxi rides and delivery orders. Gett collects and generates the following types of personal data relating to such drivers and couriers –
driver/courier information
(name, e-mail address, mobile phone number, hashed password, subscription forms and details, ID, driver and taxi licenses, vehicle license (including vehicle type and registration number), compulsory motor insurance, profile picture and submitted hobby);
fleet account information
(where applicable: company name, account classification and commercial terms);
billing and financial details
(where applicable: bank account and related payment details, invoices and transaction history, tax forms);
orders, transactions and ride/delivery details
(ride and delivery orders accepted and performed, pick-up and drop-off data, route, GPS location of mobile device, contact details for delivery sender and recipient, ride/delivery preferences and availability, and additional details provided by the driver/courier in the course of their use of the Services);
rider, driver and courier ratings
(as submitted by the driver/courier or the users, respectively);
usage information
(connectivity, technical and aggregated usage data and activity logs, log-in and log-out time, user agent, IP addresses, device and mobile app data (like type, OS, device id, app version, browser version, locale, time-zone and language settings used), session recordings and analytics, and the cookies and pixels installed or utilized on their device);
direct interactions and communications with us
(including recordings and transcripts of your calls, e-mails, form submissions and chats with us, e.g., for customer service, user enablement, feedback, support, training, record-keeping and legal-related purposes).
(iii) Gett Sites usage, CRM & Prospect Data
: We collect and generate the following types of personal data concerning our website visitors, customers, partners and prospects –
Gett Sites usage information
(connectivity, technical and aggregated usage data, such as user agent, IP addresses, device data (like type, OS, device id, browser version, locale and language settings used), activity logs, session recordings, and the cookies and pixels installed or utilized on our Sites and/or their device);
Business account information
(contact, contractual and billing details concerning our business customers and partners, which may also contain the details of their internal focal persons who directly engage with Gett on behalf of their organization, e.g. the account administrators, billing contacts and authorized signatories on behalf of the customer or partner; as well as the needs and preferences of the customer or partner, as identified to us or recognized through our engagement with them);
Information concerning our prospects
(contact and business details, our communications with such customers and prospects (correspondences, call and video recordings, call transcripts, and analyses thereof), as well as any needs, preferences, attributes and insights relevant to our potential engagement).
We collect such data either automatically, through the data subject’s interaction with us or with our Sites or Services; or through third-party services, social media, analytics tools, events we organize or participate in, friends referrals received from our partners (as detailed in
Section 6
below), and other business initiatives.
To the extent that any of the above-mentioned data only pertains to a non-human entity (e.g., the phone number or bank account of a company or business), we will not regard it as “personal data” and this Privacy Policy will not apply to it.
2. Data Uses
We use personal data for the following purposes and in reliance on the lawful bases noted in the chart below:
Purpose
Lawful basis for processing
To facilitate, operate and provide our Services.
Performance of a Contract (where applicable)
Legitimate Interests
To authenticate the identity of our users, drivers and couriers, and to allow them to access and use our Services.
Performance of a Contract
To make automated decisions relating to the use of our Services, such as for determining pricing and matching between users and drivers or couriers, based among others on their proximity, availability, average rating, special needs as indicated by the user, estimated time, distance, route and traffic related to the order, as well as their past behavior and preferences.
Performance of a Contract
Legitimate Interests
To provide assistance and support to our customers, users, drivers, and couriers.
Performance of a Contract
Legitimate Interests
To support and enhance our data security measures, including for the purposes of preventing and mitigating the risks or actual attempts of fraud, error or any illegal or prohibited activity.
Performance of a Contract
Legal Obligations
Legitimate interests
To contact you with general or personalized service-related messages, as well as promotional messages that may be of specific interest to you (as further described in
Section 6
below).
Performance of a Contract (where applicable)
Consent (where applicable)
Legitimate Interests
To gain a better understanding of how you use and interact with our Services, and how we could improve your and others’ user experience and continue improving our products, offerings, and the overall performance of our Services.
Consent (where applicable)
Legitimate Interests
To facilitate and optimize our marketing campaigns, ad management, and sales operations, and to manage and deliver advertisements for our Services more effectively, including on other websites and applications. This includes contextual, behavioral and interests-based advertising based on your and other users’ activities, preferences or other data available to us or to our Service Providers (defined in
Section 4
below), and business partners.
Consent (where applicable)
Legitimate Interests
To explore and pursue growth opportunities by facilitating a stronger local presence and tailored experiences.
Consent (where applicable)
Legitimate Interests
To facilitate, sponsor and offer certain events, contests, promotions and benefit programs
Consent (where applicable)
Legitimate Interests
To create aggregated statistical data, inferred non-personal data or anonymized or pseudonymized data (rendered non-personal), which we or our business partners may use to provide and improve our respective services, or for any other purpose.
Legitimate Interests
To enforce our agreements, resolve disputes, and protect the rights and interests of Gett, any of our employees, Service Providers, customers, website visitors, users, drivers, couriers, or any member of the general public.
Legitimate Interests
To comply with court orders and warrants, prevent misuse of the Services, and take any action in any related legal dispute and proceeding.
Legal Obligations
Public Task
Legitimate interests
To comply with applicable laws and regulations.
Legal Obligations
Legitimate Interests
If you reside or are using the Services in a territory governed by privacy laws under which “Consent” is the only or most appropriate lawful basis for the processing of personal data (in general, or specifically with respect to the types of personal data you expect or elect to submit or have processed via the Services), your acceptance of our
Terms and Conditions
and this Privacy Policy will be deemed as your consent to the processing of your personal data for all purposes detailed in this Policy. If you wish to revoke such consent, please contact us at
privacy@gett.com
.
3. Data Location & Retention
Data Location
: Your personal data may be maintained, processed and stored by us and our authorized Service Providers (defined in
Section 4
below) in multiple locations, including in the United Kingdom (“
UK
”), Israel, the United States and Ireland, as reasonably necessary for the proper performance and delivery of our Services, or as may be required by applicable law.
While privacy laws may vary between jurisdictions, Gett, its affiliates and Service Providers are each committed to protecting personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy, customary industry standards, and such appropriate lawful mechanisms and contractual terms requiring adequate data protection – regardless of any lesser legal requirements that may apply in the jurisdiction to which such data is transferred.
GT Gettaxi (UK) Limited is registered in the UK, and the primary development hub of Gett is located in Israel, and operated by our Israeli entities. Israel has been recognized as offering an adequate level of data protection by both the European Commission and the UK’s Secretary of State, and the UK has been likewise recognized by the European Commission. For data transfers from the European Economic Area or the UK to countries that have not been recognized as offering an adequate level of data protection, we and the relevant data exporters and importers enter into standard contractual clauses as approved by the relevant competent authorities of the European Union (available
here
) and the UK (available
here
).
Data Retention
: We will retain your personal data for as long as it is reasonably necessary for us to maintain and expand our relationship and provide you with our Services and offerings; in order to comply with our legal and contractual obligations; or to protect ourselves from any potential disputes (i.e., as required by laws applicable to log-keeping, records and bookkeeping, and in order to have proof and evidence concerning our relationship, should any legal issues arise following your discontinuance of use), all in accordance with our contractual terms and data retention policy.
Please note that except as required by applicable law or our specific agreements with you, we will not be obligated to retain your personal data for any particular period, and we are free to securely delete it or restrict access to it for any reason and at any time, with or without notice to you. If you have any questions about our data retention policy, please contact us by e-mail at
privacy@gett.com
.
4. Data Sharing
We may share your personal data with certain third parties and other recipients in accordance with this Privacy Policy and as described below:
Service Providers:
We engage selected third-party companies and individuals to perform services complementary to our own. Such service providers include hosting and server co-location services, communications and content delivery networks (CDNs), billing and payment processing services, data and cyber security services, fraud detection and prevention services, web and mobile analytics, e-mail, text messages and web/mobile notification distribution, monitoring and analytics services, data optimization and marketing services, social and advertising networks, content providers, e-mail, voicemails, support and customer relations management systems, call and session recording services, and our legal, financial and compliance advisors (collectively, “
Service Providers
“). Our Service Providers may have access to your personal data, depending on each of their specific roles and purposes in facilitating and enhancing our Services, and may only use it for such limited purposes as determined in our agreements with them.
Sharing Data between Users and Driving Partners
: In order to provide our Services, we share certain details about users (name, phone, ride start and end point, pick-up time and ride- or delivery-related details entered as free text) and drivers or couriers (name, phone, profile picture, rating, current location, time of arrival estimation, car type/brand and plate number, hobbies and similar information) with each other. In cases where the order is executed by or made through one of our organizational partners (e.g., a vehicle/courier fleet or a booking platform), the above-mentioned details may also be shared with such partner for the purpose of carrying out the order.
Sharing Data of of Future Ride Orders from Ben Gurion Airport with Israel Airports Authority:
In accordance with the terms between Gett and the Israel Airports Authority for the provision, operation and management of a comprehensive system for taxi rider transportation from Ben Gurion Airport to any destination within Israel (the “
Airport Service
”), we are required to enable drivers to enter details of future ride orders from Ben Gurion Airport into our Services. This is a pre-requisite for such drivers’ entry into the designated airport area for picking up riders whose ride was booked at least two hours prior to their flight’s landing time. If you have booked such a future ride, regardless of whether you have a Gett user account, please be aware that we are required to grant the Israel Airports Authority access to the details of your order (including the rider’s name and mobile phone number, flight number and landing time, and the driver’s details). This is to facilitate the Israel Airports Authority’s exercise of official authorities vested in it by law concerning the regulation and monitoring of taxi activities at Ben Gurion Airport.
Customers and their Users
: We share certain personal data with the business customer owning the account to which you are subscribed as a user (if applicable) – including data and communications concerning your use of the Services or other interactions with us, but only in relation to that business account. In such cases, sharing such data means that the account’s administrator(s) or other individuals in your organization may access it on behalf of our business customer, and will be able to monitor and review data concerning the rides or deliveries you ordered via our Services under such customer’s account, as well as access any personal data submitted by you or the individual for whom you ordered the ride or delivery.
Volunteering Initiative Partners:
If you are a driver or courier using the Services as part of a volunteer project or activity you have chosen to participate in, we may share certain personal data about you with our partner in the relevant volunteering initiative – including GPS location of your mobile device and your status (“available”/”unavailable”), to the extent you choose to share them. In such cases, sharing this data means that our volunteering initiative partner’s account administrator(s) or other individuals within the entity or group may access your data on its behalf.
Service Integrations:
If so instructed or permitted by you or your organizational account administrator, we may share your User Data (such as your user profile information, business account information, and relevant usage information) with the provider(s) of any third-party applications or integrations added to your account, or receive certain relevant data from your account on the third-party provider’s service, depending on the nature and purpose of such integration. Note that we do not receive or store your personal password for any of these third-party services (but do typically require your organization’s API credentials in order to integrate with them).
Event Partners:
If you register for any event that we host, organize or sponsor, then with your permission we may share your registration details with others, including the hosts, organizers, speakers, service providers, and sponsors of that event, so that they may contact you with relevant information and offers, or to fulfill any promotions related to that event.
Legal Compliance
: In exceptional circumstances, we may disclose or allow government and law enforcement officials access to your personal data, in response to a subpoena, search warrant or court order (or similar requirement), or in compliance with applicable laws and regulations. Such disclosure or access may occur if we believe in good faith that: (a) we are legally compelled to do so; (b) disclosure is appropriate in connection with efforts to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding actual or suspected illegal activity, fraud, or other wrongdoing; or (c) such disclosure is required to protect the security or integrity of our Services. Additionally, in accordance with the terms for operating the Airport Service, we are required to grant the Israel Airports Authority access to the details of the order you have booked or were matched with (as relevant), information about your use of the Airport Service, and inquiries regarding the Airport Service made by you or concerning you. This is to facilitate the Israel Airports Authority’s exercise of official authorities vested in it by law concerning the regulation and monitoring of taxi activities at Ben Gurion Airport. For more information, please see our
Privacy Policy for Taxi Drivers Executing Rides from Ben Gurion Airport
and our
Privacy Policy for the Self-Service Kiosk for Taxi Orders at Ben Gurion Airport
.
Protecting Rights and Safety
: We may share your personal data with others if we believe in good faith that this will help protect the rights, property or personal safety of Gett, any of our users, partners or customers, or any member of the general public.
Gett Subsidiaries and Affiliated Companies
: We may share personal data internally within our group of companies, for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. In addition, should Gett or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates undergo any change in control or ownership, including by means of merger, acquisition or purchase of substantially all or part of its assets, your personal data may be shared with the parties involved in such an event. If we believe that such change in control might materially affect your personal data then stored with us, we will notify you of this event and the choices you may have via e-mail or prominent notice on our Services.
For the avoidance of doubt, Gett may share your personal data in additional manners, pursuant to your explicit approval, or if we are legally obligated to do so, or if we have successfully rendered such data non-personal and anonymous.
5. Cookies & Tracking Technologies
Cookies:
Our Sites and Services utilize “cookies”, anonymous identifiers, pixels, container tags, and other technologies in order for us to provide our Services and ensure that they perform properly, to analyze our performance and marketing activities, and to personalize your experience. Such cookies and similar files or tags may also be temporarily placed on your device. Certain cookies and other technologies serve to recall personal data, such as an IP address, previously indicated by a user, prospect or other visitor to our Sites. To learn more about our practices concerning cookies and tracking, please review our
Cookie Policy
.
Google Analytics:
We use Google Analytics to collect information about the use of our Sites. Google Analytics collects information such as how often you visit the Sites, which pages you visited when doing so, and which other sites you used prior to coming to our Sites. We do not merge the information collected through the use of Google Analytics with personally identifiable information. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to and use of the Sites is restricted by the
Google Analytics Terms of Service
and the
Google Privacy Policy
. You can learn more about how Google collects and processes data specifically in connection with Google Analytics
here
. Further information about your option to opt-out of these analytics services is available
here
.
6. Communications
Service Communications
: We may contact you with important information regarding our Services. For example, we may send you notifications (through any of the means available to us, including by e-mail, SMS and mobile notifications) of changes or updates to our Services, billing issues, log-in attempts or password reset notices, etc. You can control some of these through the communications and notifications settings found in your mobile app’s user settings, or device notifications settings. However, please note that you will not be able to opt-out of receiving certain communications which are integral to the operation and use of our Services (like password resets or billing notices).
Promotional Communications
: We may also notify you about new features, additional offerings, better ways to use the Services, events and special opportunities, or any other information we think you will find valuable. We may provide such notices through any of the contact means available to us (e.g., phone, SMS, mobile notifications, or e-mail), through the Services, or through our marketing campaigns on any other sites or platforms.
If you do not wish to receive such promotional communications, you may notify Gett at any time by filling out
this form
, sending an e-mail to
unsubscribe@gett.com
, or by following the “unsubscribe”, “stop”, “opt-out” or “change e-mail preferences” instructions contained in the promotional communications you receive.
Friends Referral:
We may contact you with special offers to partner with us as a Gett driver or join our Gett Delivery fleet, if your friend provided us with your contact information and represented to us that they have obtained your prior consent to being contacted by Gett for that purpose.
7. Data Security
We and our hosting services implement systems, applications and procedures to secure your personal data, and to reduce the risks of theft, damage, loss of data, or unauthorized access or use of personal data. These measures provide sound industry-standard security. However, please be aware that regardless of any security measures used, we cannot and do not guarantee that the Services will be immune from any wrongdoings, malfunctions, unlawful interceptions or access, or other kinds of abuse and misuse.
8. Your Rights
Individuals have rights concerning their personal data. If you wish to exercise your privacy rights under applicable law, including the EU or UK General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), such as the right to be informed; the right to request access to, and rectification or erasure of your personal data held with Gett; to restrict the processing of such data, or to have it ported; to object at any time to any processing of your personal data which is based on our legitimate interests (as detailed in
Section 2
above), and to obtain information on the balancing test we have carried out between Gett’s interests and your own prior to such processing; or to withdraw at any time your consent to any processing of your data on the basis of such consent (each to the extent available to you under the laws which apply to you) – you may do so by contacting us via
this form
or by e-mail to
privacy@gett.com
.
You also have a right to lodge a complaint with a competent authority such as the UK’s Information Commissioner’s Office, or the supervisory authority in the EU Member State of your habitual residence, place of work, or of the alleged GDPR infringement (as applicable).
Please note that when you ask us to exercise any of your rights under this Privacy Policy or applicable law, we may require additional information and documents, including certain personal data and credentials, or alternatively that you submit a code sent to the mobile number used for registering your account, in order to authenticate and validate your identity and to properly process your request. Such additional information, and the correspondence related to your request, will be then retained by us for legal purposes (e.g., as proof of the identity of the person submitting the request), in accordance with
Section 3
above.
We may redact from the data which we will make available to you, any personal data or confidential information related to others.
If you would like to make any requests or queries regarding your personal data that we process on our customer’s behalf, please contact the customer or the administrator of such customer’s account directly
, as they would be the “data controller” of such data (see
Section 9
below). Note that if you do contact us in this regard, we may share your communications with the relevant customer and its account users; and that we may also share the contact details of the account administrator with individuals who sent us such a request or query relating to this account.
9. Roles & Responsibilities
Certain data protection laws and regulations, such as the EU or UK GDPR, typically distinguish between two main roles for parties processing personal data: the “data controller”, who determines the purposes and means of processing; and the “data processor”, who processes the data on behalf of the data controller. Below we explain how these roles apply to our Services, to the extent that such laws and regulations apply.
Gett is the “data controller” of personal data pertaining to its users, drivers and couriers, customers, suppliers, visitors and prospects
, and assumes the responsibilities of a data controller (solely to the extent applicable under law), as set forth in this Privacy Policy.
In such instances, our Service Providers processing such data will assume the role of “data processor
”.
Gett is the “data processor” of registration and deregistration data pertaining to users of business accounts
(solely to the extent that such data is shared by our business customer during the onboarding process). In such instances,
Gett’s business customer shall be deemed the “data controller”
of such data and assume all the responsibilities applicable to that role, and Gett will process such data on the customer’s behalf, as its “data processor”, in accordance with its reasonable instructions, subject to our
Terms and Conditions
and the commercial and data processing agreements executed between Gett and such customers (as applicable).
10. Additional Notices & Contact Details
Updates and Amendments
: We may update and amend this Privacy Policy from time to time by posting an amended version on our Services. The amended version will be effective as of the date it is published. We will provide prior notice if we believe any substantial changes are involved via any of the communication means available to us or via the Services. After such notice period, all amendments shall be deemed accepted by you.
External Links
: While our Services may contain links to other websites or services, we are not responsible for their privacy practices. We encourage you to pay attention when you leave our Services for the website or application of such third parties, and to read the privacy policies of each and every website and service you visit. This Privacy Policy applies only to Gett’s Services.
Our Services are not Designed to Attract Underage Children:
We do not knowingly collect personal data from children and do not wish to do so. If we learn that a person who is underage according to the law applicable to them is using the Services, we will attempt to prohibit and block such use and will make our best efforts to promptly delete any personal data stored with us with regard to such child (except for data that must be retained for legal purposes). If you believe that we might have any such data, please contact us by e-mail at
privacy@gett.com
Data Protection Officer:
Gett has appointed
PrivacyTeam
as our Data Protection Officer (DPO), for monitoring and advising on Gett’s ongoing privacy compliance and serving as a point of contact on privacy matters for data subjects and supervisory authorities. If you have any comments or questions regarding our Privacy Policy, if you have any concerns regarding your privacy, or if you wish to make a complaint about how your personal data is being processed by Gett, please contact our DPO at
dpo@gett.com
.
EU Representative:
Dooboo Holdings Limited has been designated as Gett’s representative in the European Union for data protection matters pursuant to Article 27 of the GDPR. Dooboo Holdings Limited may be contacted only on matters related to the processing of personal data of individuals in the EU. To make such an inquiry, please send an e-mail to
privacy@gett.com
, or contact Dooboo Holdings Limited by post at 17 Gr. Xenopoulou Street, 3106, Limassol, Cyprus.
UK Representative:
GT Gettaxi (UK) Limited has been designated as Gett’s representative in the United Kingdom for data protection matters pursuant to Article 27 of the UK GDPR. GT Gettaxi (UK) Limited may be contacted only on matters related to the processing of personal data of individuals in the UK. To make such an inquiry, please send an e-mail to
privacy@gett.com
, or contact GT Gettaxi (UK) Limited by post at Elm Yard (Fl. 2), Elm St., London WC1X 0BJ, United Kingdom.
Questions, concerns or complaints
: If you have any comments or questions regarding our Privacy Policy, or if you have any concerns regarding your personal data held with us, please contact us at:
privacy@gett.com
.
Last updated: January 11, 2024