(last modified June 1st, 2014)
SNTown Inc. (“SNTown”) respects your right to privacy and takes your privacy matters very seriously. This Privacy Policy covers the treatment of user information, including Personally Identifiable Information, obtained by SNTown, including information obtained when you access the www.sntown.com (the “SNTown Site” or “Site”), and the SNTown software, including the SNTown application and the Site (the “SNTown Service” or the “Service”).
This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and is subject to the SNTown End User License Agreement Your use of the SNTown Site and the SNTown Service and any personal information you provide on the SNTown Service remains subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy and our End User License Agreement.
By visiting this Site or using the Service, you are accepting the policies and practices described in this Policy, as such Policy may be amended from time to time. Each time you visit the Site or use the Service, you agree and expressly consent to our collection, use and disclosure of the information that you provide as described in this Policy.
Please note that any content posted at the direction or discretion of users of the SNTown Service becomes published content and is not considered Personally Identifiable Information subject to this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of companies that SNTown does not own or control, or to individuals whom SNTown does not employ or manage, including any of the third parties to which SNTown may disclose user information as set forth in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collected by SNTown
When you install the SwitChat App and register as a user, you provide certain Personally Identifiable Information, such as a “hash” of your device identifier.
Use of Collected Information
If you submit Personally Identifiable Information to us through the SNTown Site, or SNTown Service, then we use your personal information to operate, maintain, and provide to you the features and functionality of the SNTown Site and SNTown Service. In particular, the “hash” of your device identifier is essential to your use of the SNTown Service and will be retained. Any Personally Identifiable Information or content that you voluntarily disclose on the SNTown Service becomes publicly available and may be collected and used by other users of the SNTown Service. We do not use your Personally Identifiable Information to send commercial or marketing messages without your consent or except as part of a specific program or feature for which you will have the ability to opt-in or opt-out. We may, however, use your email address, if provided, without further consent for non-marketing or administrative purposes (such as notifying you of major SNTown Site or SNTown Service changes or for customer service purposes).
When SNTown Discloses Information
We do not sell or share your Personally Identifiable Information (such as email) with other third-party companies for their commercial or marketing use without your consent or except as part of a specific program or feature for which you will have the ability to opt-in or opt-out. We may share your Personally Identifiable Information with third party service providers to the extent that it is reasonably necessary to perform, improve or maintain the SNTown Service. We may share non-personally-identifiable information (such as anonymous User usage data, referring / exit pages and URLs, platform types, asset views, number of clicks, etc.) with interested third-parties to assist them in understanding the usage patterns for certain content, services, advertisements, promotions, and/or functionality on the SNTown Site. We may collect and release Personally Identifiable Information and/or non-personally-identifiable information if required to do so by law, or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with state and federal laws (such as U.S. Copyright Law), international law or respond to a court order, subpoena, or search warrant or equivalent, or where in our reasonable belief, an individual’s physical safety may be at risk or threatened. SNTown also reserves the right to disclose Personally Identifiable Information and/or non-personally-identifiable information that SNTown believes, in good faith, is appropriate or necessary to enforce our License, take precautions against liability, to investigate and defend itself against any third-party claims or allegations, to assist government enforcement agencies, to protect the security or integrity of the SNTown Site or our servers, and to protect the rights, property, or personal safety of SNTown, our users or others.
Data Security
SNTown has commercially reasonable physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to ensure the security of our systems and protect personal information from misuse, loss and unauthorized access. We cannot, however, ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to SNTown and you do so at your own risk. If SNTown learns of a security systems breach, then we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps. SNTown may post a notice on the SNTown Site or through the SNTown Service if a security breach occurs.
Childrens’ Privacy
The SNTown Service is not intended for or designed to attract anyone under the age of 13 and we do not intentionally or knowingly collect personal information on our sites from anyone under the age of 13 (or older in some jurisdictions). If you are under 13 years of age, please do not use the SNTown Service at any time or in any manner.
Business Transition
In the event that we go through a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of our assets, we reserve the right to transfer or assign the information we have collected from our users as part of such merger, acquisition, sale, or other change of control.
We will post a notice on the Site of any such change in ownership or control of the personal information we may have prior to such transfer.
Changes to Policy
This Privacy Policy may be revised periodically. However, we will not use your Personal Information in a way that is materially different than the uses described in this Policy without giving you an opportunity to opt-out of such differing uses. Please revisit this page to stay aware of any changes. Your continued use of the SNTown Site and SNTown Service constitutes your agreement to this Privacy Policy and any amendments.
Contact Information
Please direct all questions in connection with this Policy via e-mail to sntowncom@gmail.com