Games
Virtual Villagers Origins 2
Fish Tycoon 2
Virtual Families 2: Our Dream House
Virtual Families
Virtual Town
Virtual Villagers 5: New Believers
Virtual Villagers 4: The Tree of Life
Virtual Villagers 3: The Secret City
Virtual Villagers 2: The Lost Children
Virtual Villagers: A New Home
Fish Tycoon
Plant Tycoon
Platforms
Android
iPad
iPhone & iPod touch
Mac Games
PC Games
Web Games
Previews
Virtual Families 3
News
Press
The Team
Help
Forums
Home - Privacy / Refunds / Legal
Privacy
Refunds
Legal
YOU MAY WITHDRAW YOUR CONSENT AT ANY TIME BY CONTACTING LAST DAY OF WORK THROUGH ITS WEBSITE OR AT THE ADDRESS BELOW.
Customer Support Form
1. DOWNLOADS
We will never install any form of spyware or adware on your computer or otherwise compromise your privacy. We know only the information that you provide to us in the course of using the various features of our Web sites.
2. THE PERSONAL DATA LAST DAY OF WORK COLLECTS
2.1 WE COLLECT THE DATA YOU GRANT US ACCESS TO
Data we receive if you link a third party tool with the Service (such as Facebook or Google)
Contact information (such as name and email address)
Any information you submit to our customer service team in the Game or via email
2.2 WE ALSO HAVE DATA WE COLLECT AUTOMATICALLY
Data about your account, game progress and analytics about your use of our Services (e.g. in-game play progress, levels, games played, session length)
Your IP address and device identifiers such as your Advertising ID & Device ID numbers
Data about your device, such as device name and operating system, browser type and language
General location data
Precise geo-location data (GPS, with your consent)
2.3 WE ALSO HAVE SOME DATA WE OBTAIN FROM THIRD PARTY SOURCES
2.3.1 Information from Facebook platform
. You may choose to connect to our Services via your Facebook account. The exact information we receive from you will depend on your social media privacy settings, but it will typically include your basic public profile information, such as:
your username
profile picture
age range
gender
your friends playing the same Game
Typical uses include updating game progress on multiple devices you may own so that you can continue your progress using multiple devices. In addition, we may show your Facebook friends in the Game and show your public Facebook profile name and picture in Game leaderboards and in your Game profile.
2.3.2 Third party service providers
. We may receive personal information about you from third-party sources. We may get your personal information, for example, when you installed our Game or when, prior to installation, you click on an advertisement for the Game.
2.3.3 Advertising partners
. From time to time, we may also receive personal information about you from other third-party sources. For example, if you clicked on an advertisement directing you to one of our Services (such as an ad for one of our Games in another publishers' game), we will be provided with information about which ad network and advertising campaign the install originated from.
3. WHY WE COLLECT YOUR DATA
Analytics Providers provide Last Day of Work with ad tracking and help us collect, aggregate and prepare certain information about how you use our services as well as how our services are performing.
3.1 TO MAKE THE SERVICE WORK
Create accounts and allow you to play our games and use our Service
Operate the Service
Verify and confirm payments
Provide and deliver products and services you request
To provide you with the correct versions of our games and/or applications (e.g. knowing which language to make our games available to you in)
Send you Service-related communications
3.2 TO MAKE THE SERVICE MORE SUITABLE FOR OUR PLAYERS
To provide a great Service to our players, we have a legitimate interest to collect and process necessary data to:
Update and develop player profiles
Develop and improve the Service and player experience
Manage our relationship with you
Provide social features as part of the Service
Customize your Service experience
Respond to your comments and questions and provide player support
Provide you Last Day of Work offers in the Service as well as in other websites and services as well as by email
Send you related information, such as updates, security alerts, and support messages
Enable you to communicate with other players
To detect and prevent illegal activities (e.g. hacking or cheating)
To conduct research
To analyze, profile, and segment
In all of the above cases and purposes, we may analyze, profile and segment all collected data.
3.3 TO SHOW PERSONALIZED ADVERTISEMENTS
To show you personalized advertisements in the Service as well as in other websites and services (including email) we have a legitimate interest to process necessary data to
Track the content you access in connection with the Service and your online behavior
Deliver, target and improve our advertising and the Service
3.4 WITH YOUR CONSENT
With your consent, we may process your data for additional purposes, such as using your GPS location to show you local events.
4. WE ALSO SHARE DATA WITH KEY PARTNERS
4.1 WHAT DATA WE MIGHT SHARE
Data we receive if you link a third party tool with the Service (Facebook, etc)
Demographic data (such as to determine the coarse location of your IP address)
Data to fight fraud (such as refund abuse in games or click fraud in advertising)
Data from platforms that the games run on (such as to verify payment)
Data for advertising and analytics purposes, so we can provide you a better Service
4.2 WHO WE SHARE YOUR DATA WITH
Other players in order to provide certain in-app features, such as leaderboards, if you log into the App using a third-party service, such as Facebook or Apple or Game Center.
Advertising network companies in order to serve contextual advertisements (the data include your IP-address, Device ID and advertising ID):
Ironsource
Facebook Ads
Chartboost
Tapjoy
Adcolony
AppLovin
HyprMX
InMobi
Mediabrix/Receptiv
Unity Ads
Vungle
Third party companies that perform services on our behalf, including payment processing, order fulfillment, data analysis, marketing services, email campaigns, hosting services, and customer service. While providing the services for us, these companies may access your personal information, and are required to use it solely as directed by us for the purpose of our requested service.
Playfab
SWRVE
Appsflyer
Facebook
Gogii Games
5. HOW WE PROTECT YOUR DATA
5.1 Security
In order to help ensure a secure and safe player experience, we are continuously working with our partners to offer the most advanced measures to protect your data.
5.2 Data Retention
We retain your data for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you the Service.
6. COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES
We and our partners use cookies and similar technologies to provide and personalize the Service, analyze use, target advertisements and prevent fraud. You can disable cookies in your browser settings, but some parts of the Service may then not function properly.
7 AGE LIMITS
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal data about or direct or target interest based advertising to anyone under the age of 16 or knowingly allow such persons to use our Services.  If you are under 16, please do not send any data about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address.  No one under the age of 16 may provide any personal data.  If we learn that we have collected personal data about a child under age 16, we will delete that data as quickly as possible.  If you believe that we might have any data from or about a child under the age of 16, please contact us.
Last Day of Work Software does not sell products to children. We sell children's products for purchase by adults. If you are under 18, you may use Last Day of Work Software only with the involvement of a parent or guardian.
8. YOUR RIGHTS AND OPTIONS
8.1 Opt-out of marketing emails and other direct marketing
You may opt-out of receiving promotional communications, such as marketing emails from us by following the instructions in such communications.
8.2 Opt-out of targeted advertising
You can opt-out of interest-based advertising on mobile applications by checking the privacy settings of your Android or iOS device and selecting "limit ad tracking" (Apple iOS) or "opt-out of interest based ads" (Android). For more information, see also:
Facebook Privacy Policy
Google Privacy Policy
Twitter Privacy Policy
Unity Technologies Privacy Policy
8.3 Access the personal data we hold about you
If you request, we will provide you with a copy of your personal data in an electronic format or delete all records related to your data. Simply contact us at support@ldw.zendesk.com
8.4 Your other rights
You also have the right to correct your data, have your data deleted, object how we use or share your data, and restrict how we use or share your data. You can always withdraw your consent, for example by turning off GPS location sharing in your mobile device settings.
We will respond to all requests within a reasonable timeframe.  If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third-party dispute resolution provider (free of charge). You may also contact your local data protection authority within the European Economic Area for unresolved complaints.
Desktop Purchases
All of our games are free to try! Please download and install the free demo version of the game before purchasing the full unlimited version. There are many game sites on the Internet where you can download our games, and each online site has its own activation codes. We provide a full version download link when the game is purchased directly through us via our ecommerce provider BlueSnap.  Our version will not work with any other website's activation code.
Desktop Delivery
When you purchase one of more of our games, you will receive an email that provides a secure and unique download link for the full version of each purchased game.  If you have purchased one (or more) of our games and have not received an email within 24 hours, please fill out and submit our
Customer Support Form
and we will be happy to provide that download to you.
All Refunds
All of our games (both mobile and desktop) are free to try. If you have a problem with any of our games, please contact us using the Support Form linked directly above, and we'll be happy to help you resolve it.  This includes problems with in-app purchases.
We review refunds on a case-by-case basis
Please note that
NOT
all refund requests are approved. For example: change of mind, don't like the game anymore, etc. are not granted. Requests that do not contain the needed information (listed below) could be delayed.
All refund requests
must
contain the following information:
your full name
your email address
title of the game
the order number associated with your purchase
the reason you are requesting a refund
For
Windows and Mac games purchased directly from LDW
, you may request a refund
within 48 hours
of your initial purchase by filling out our
Customer Support Form
.
If you purchased the game from a game site other than LDW, you will need to contact support at that site for assistance with your request. We cannot process cancellations or refunds for purchases made on other game sites. We will happily provide any assistance we can.
For
Apple iOS games (iPhone, iPad, iPod touch) and Mac games purchased through Apple
, you will need to contact Apple support for assistance. Apple handles all transactions made through their iTunes and Mac App Stores.
For
Kindle/Amazon games purchased through Amazon
, you will need to contact Amazon support for assistance. Amazon handles all transactions made through their Amazon App Store.
For
Android games purchased from the Google Play App Store
, Google will automatically grant a refund for any reason within 15 minutes of purchase. If Google's time limit has passed, you may request a refund by contacting us
within 48 hours
of your initial purchase by filling out our
Customer Support Form
.
For
Facebook
items purchased through Facebook, you may request a refund by contacting us
within 48 hours
of your initial purchase by filling out our
Customer Support Form
.
Copyright © 2001-2025 LDW Software, LLC. All rights reserved.
LDW is the trading name of LDW Software, LLC, hereafter referred to as LDW.
LDW Software also does business as "Last Day of Work".
All editorial content and graphics on this site are the property of LDW Software and protected by United States and international copyright laws. All software used on this site is the property of LDW Software and is protected by United States and international copyright laws. The compilation of all content on this site is the exclusive property of LDW Software and is protected by United States and international copyright laws. Re-use of any of our content and graphics online for any purpose is strictly prohibited. An exception to this rule is that pages may be downloaded into a web browser cache or printed for personal use only. The HTML used to create these pages, as well as the look and feel of the site is also covered by copyright.
Currently, the extent of the LDW site is as follows: ldw.com, lastdayofwork.com, ldwsoftware.com, ldwforums.com, fishtycoon.com, fishtycoongame.com, planttycoon.com, virtualvillagers.com, virtualvillagers2.com, virtualfamilies.com
TRADEMARKS
LDW, the LDW logo and associated trade dress are trademarks of LDW Software, LLC. Virtual Families and the Virtual Families logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of LDW Software. All rights reserved. Fish Tycoon and the Fish Tycoon logo are registered trademarks of LDW Software. All rights reserved. Virtual Villagers and the Virtual Villagers logo are registered trademarks of LDW Software. All rights reserved. Plant Tycoon and the Plant Tycoon logo are registered trademarks of LDW Software. All rights reserved. Palm, Palm OS, Palm Powered and other Palm-based marks are trademarks or registered trademarks of the Palm Trademark Holding Company, LLC, and Treo is a trademark of Palm, Inc. Other brands may be trademarks of their respective owners. Microsoft, Windows, Windows Mobile are either registered trademarks or trademarks of Microsoft Corp.
All other brand names, product names or trademarks are the property of their respective owners.
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
This site is provided "as is" without a warranty of any kind, either expressed or implied. LDW Software assumes no responsibility for errors or omissions in this site or other documents referenced by or linked from this site. LDW Software has no control over the content of other sites linked from this site.
LDW Software does not warrant that this site, its servers, or email sent from LDW Software are free of viruses or other harmful components. LDW Software will not be liable for any damages of any kind arising from the use of this site, including, but not limited to, direct, indirect, incidental, punitive and consequential damages.
APPLICABLE LAW
By visiting LDW.com, you agree that the laws of the state of California, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern these Conditions of Use and any dispute of any sort that might arise between you and LDW Software or its affiliates.
Last Day of Work
The Team
News
Press Releases
Help
Forums
Privacy/Refunds/Legal
Contact Us
Our Games
Fish Tycoon 2:
Virtual Aquarium
Fish Tycoon
Virtual Families 2:
Our Dream House
Virtual Families
Virtual Town
Plant Tycoon
Virtual Villagers 5:
New Believers
Virtual Villagers 4:
The Tree of Life
Virtual Villagers 3:
The Secret City
Virtual Villagers 2:
The Lost Children
Virtual Villagers:
A New Home
Platforms
PC Games
Mac Games
iPhone & iPod touch
iPad
Android
Web Games
Copyright © 2001-2025, LDW Software, LLC. All rights reserved.
Last Day of Work, LDW and LDW logos are registered trademarks of LDW Software, LLC. Virtual Villagers, Virtual Families, Fish Tycoon, Plant Tycoon are registered trademarks of LDW Software, LLC.