Privacy Policy
At Algoriddim, your Privacy is important to us when you visit our websites or use the services of our djay product line
of apps. We appreciate the trust you place us when providing us with your personal information. Therefore, we would like
to inform you transparently through this Privacy Policy which data we collect and how we use it.
1. Data controller
The responsibility for data processing lies with:
Algoriddim GmbH
legally represented by the managing director Karim Morsy
Königinstr. 33, 80539 Munich, Germany
Email:
info@algoriddim.com
This Privacy Policy applies only to our website, apps, and services. We may provide links to websites and services of
third parties. Please refer to their respective Privacy Policies.
2. What data we collect and what we use it for
Depending on which of our apps or services you use, we collect and process different data. In the following we will
inform you which data we collect when you use the respective service.
2.1. Visiting our websites
When you visit our website, we only collect the information that your browser provides to us. This includes, but is not
limited to, your IP address, the date and time of the request, transferred data volume, web browser, operating system,
language, and version of the browser.
We use the data to provide you a better experience when visiting our website based on our legitimate interest in
optimizing the website, Art. 6 (1) f) GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation).
2.2. Using the apps of our djay product line
When you use one of our apps, we collect data from the device on which you installed our app. In particular, we collect
the hard- and software configuration of your device, your IP-address, your device ID and advertisement ID (only mobile
devices), your app settings and functions used, the frequency, time and duration of your usage and error notifications.
We use your data based on the fulfilment of our contractual duties to provide you the services requested.
In order to fulfil reporting requirements vis a vis music labels, rights holders and collecting societies as well as to
improve our service, we will record data regarding the use of content, such as play duration or play count. Where
possible, such data will be processed in aggregate and anonymized form.
The legal basis for the processing of those data is the performance of the contract between you and us, Art. 6 (1) b)
and our legitimate interest, Art. 6 (1) f) GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation).
If you create a djay account, we store your name and email address.
If your licensed product contains a product key, you can voluntarily register your purchased app with us in order to
store your license data in our database. We collect your name, email address, country, zip code and license key. In
addition, you can store information about your specific usage behavior. We have no access to those data regarding your
usage behavior.
The legal basis for the processing of those data is the performance of the contract between you and us, Art. 6 (1) b)
GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation).
2.3. Customer Support
When you request customer service, we will process the data necessary to handle your request. Depending on the request,
it may also be necessary to collect further data for this purpose. We will make an entry in our computer systems to
track the matter.
To the extent that your request involves assets that we have obtained from third parties, we may request data from them
and merge such data with the data we hold.
The legal basis for the processing of those data is the performance of the contract between you and us, Art. 6 (1) b)
GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation).
2.4. Establishment of Contact
If you contact us by email, the personal data transmitted to us in your email will be stored. The data are only used to
answer your questions. The legal basis for such data processing is the implementation of pre-contractual measures based
on your request or – if you are our customer already – the performance of the contract, Art. 6 (1) b) GDPR.
3. With whom and how we share data
3.1. Overview and GDPR notice
Personal data is only transmitted to third parties such as service providers where necessary for the purpose of the
provision of their services. If personal data is transferred to third countries, we take appropriate measures to ensure
that these third parties comply with an adequate level of protection for personal data, Art. 6 (1) b) GDPR.
We might share your data with
service suppliers who carry out services on our behalf,
competent authorities in order to ensure compliance with applicable laws, and
third parties in the course of a merger or acquisition.
In some cases, we may transfer data to third countries, in particular the USA, in which the GDPR is not applicable, and
the level of data protection is not adequate when compared to the GDPR.
While we take appropriate measures to ensure the best protection of your personal data, please be advised that:
the level of data protection in such third countries, may not be adequate when compared to the standard of the GDPR;
governmental agencies and services, under applicable local law, may have the right to access your personal data; and
that
your rights as a data subject according to the GDPR may not or not fully enforceable.
3.2. Streaming Services
In order to connect a music streaming service account to our app as a source for your music, you agree that the music
streaming service will provide the app the necessary information. This includes publicly accessible information, private
playlists, subscription details, email address, saved titles, albums and shows. This information will only be processed
within the app on your device and not be transferred to our servers.
In order to fulfil reporting requirements towards those streaming services, we will transfer data regarding the use of
content, such as play duration or play count. Where possible, such data will be processed in aggregate and anonymized
form.
The streaming services are:
Apple Music,
Tidal,
Soundcloud,
Beatport,
Beatsource.
The data is used by the app to provide you the services requested based on the fulfillment of our contractual duties.
This is necessary for the performance of the contract between you and us, Art. 6 (1) sentence 1 b) GDPR.
3.3. Payment Processors
If you purchase a subscription for our software via our website our payment processor Stripe will process the payment
and will collect and store information related to the payment. This is necessary for the performance of the contract
between you and us, Art. 6 (1) sentence 1 b) GDPR.
Stripe and we are parties to a Data Protection Agreement incorporating the EU-SCC (Standard Contractual Clauses)
according to Art. 46 Sec II lit c) GDPR. Furthermore, Stripe is certified under the EU-US Data Privacy Framework. For
further information please see Stripe’s privacy policy located at
https://stripe.com/privacy
.
3.4. Subscription Management
In order to provide and manage subscriptions and in-app purchases, we incorporate the services of RevenueCat Inc., 1032
E Brandon Blvd #3003, Brandon, FL 33511, USA in our app. RevenuCat provides a subscription backend around app stores.
This is where our legitimate interest lies, Art. 6 (1) sentence 1 f) GDPR.
Data about purchases will be shared with RevenueCat.
RevenueCat and we are parties to a Data Protection Agreement incorporating the EU-SCC (Standard Contractual Clauses)
according to Art. 46 Sec II lit c) GDPR. For further information please see RevenueCat’s privacy policy located
at
https://www.revenuecat.com/privacy
.
3.5. Customer Support Queries
When processing customer support queries, we use the services of Zendesk, Inc., 181 Fremont Street Fremont Street, San Francisco, CA 94105, USA. This is necessary for the performance of the contract between you and us, Art. 6 (1) sentence 1 b) GDPR.
Zendesk provides a cloud-based customer support platform that al-lows us to bundle customer interaction from all channels, such as phone, email, chat and social media in order to answer customer requests efficiently.
Zendesk may store data in locations in the European Union, in the USA, Australia, or Japan. We and Zendesk are parties to a Data Protection Agreement incorporating the EU Standard Contractual Clauses (SCC) according to Art. 46 Sec II lit c) GDPR. Furthermore, Zendesk is certified under the EU-US Data Privacy Framework.
4. When we delete data, retention periods
Stored personal data shall be deleted if you revoke your consent to store your data, if your information is no longer
required to achieve the purpose pursued by storing your data or if the storage of your data is / becomes inadmissible
for other legal reasons.
The data retention period changes on the basis of circumstances such as: the type of data, reason for collection and
processing, and relevant legal requirements.
5. Newsletter
If you would like to read about the latest and greatest on our djay product line, you can sign up to our newsletter.
By registering (via a double opt-in process) for the newsletter, you agree to receive the newsletter. The legal basis
for such data processing is your consent, Art. 6 (1) a) GDPR.
The data collected will only be used to send the newsletter. Our newsletter is sent via Mailchimp. The provider of this
service is The Rocket Science Group, LLC, 675 Ponce de Leon Ave NE, Suite 5000, Atlanta, GA 30308 USA. We and MailChimp
are parties to a Data Protection Agreement incorporating the EU-SCC (Standard Contractual Clauses) according to Art. 46
Sec II lit c) GDPR. Furthermore, The Rocket Science Group LLC is certified under the EU-US Data Privacy Framework.
For more information on data protection at MailChimp, please refer to the corresponding privacy
policy:
https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/
You may revoke your consent to receive the newsletter and the collection and storage of data associated therewith at any
time. You can revoke your consent by following this link, or by using a link in the newsletters, or by an informal note
to Algoriddim GmbH, Königinstr. 33, 80539 Munich, Germany, or by email to
info@algoriddim.com
.
6. Cookies and other technologies, Data Transfers on our website
On our website, we use temporary session cookies and permanent cookies. Cookies are text files that are stored on your
device which enable analysis of the use of the app. We use cookies and other data collection tools to capture data that
helps us to personalize and optimize our services. Along with the use of such coolies, data are being transferred to and
processed by third parties.
6.1. Cookies we use on our website
6.1.1. Google Analytics
We use “Google Analytics”, a service of Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, United States
of America (hereinafter referred to as: “Google"). Google Analytics allows us to analyze how you use our website. We use
that information to be able to improve and optimize our website. This is also where our legitimate interest rests
pursuant to Art. 6 (1) sentence 1 f) GDPR.
Google uses cookies, i.e., small text files that are stored on your end device which permit analysis of your use of our
website. The information produced by the cookie regarding usage of our website is usually transferred to a server of
Google in the United States of America and saved there. If anonymization of the IP address transmitted by the cookie is
activated on the website (“IP Anonymization”), your IP address will be shortened by Google within the Member States of
the European Union or in other states party to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional
circumstances, will your full IP address be transferred to a server of Google in the United States of America and
abbreviated there. Google will use this information to evaluate your use of our website on our behalf, to compile
reports on the website use, and to render further services connected to website use and internet use vis-à-vis us. While
doing so, pseudonymous usage profiles can be compiled from the processed data. The IP address transmitted using Google
Analytics will not be combined with any other data of Google. We use Google Analytics only with the activated IP
Anonymization described above. this means that your IP address will be further processed only after being shortened by
Google. In this way, reference to a person can be avoided.
You can prevent storage of the cookies produced by Google Analytics by altering the corresponding settings in your web
browser. Please note that, in this case, you may be unable to use all functions of our website. If you want to prevent
collection of the data generated by the cookie and reference to your user behavior (including your IP address) and
processing of this data by Google, you can click here to opt-out or download and install the web browser plug-in
available under the following link: tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
You can find further information concerning terms of use and data protection
at
https://www.google.com/analytics/terms/gb.html
and
https://policies.google.com/?hl=en
.
6.1.2. Google Tag Manager
We use “Google Tag Manager”, a service of Google Inc. Google Tag Manager allows us to manage web page tags from a single
interface. The tool Google Tag Manager, which implements the tags, is a cookie-free domain and does not collect any
personal data itself. Google Tag Manager triggers other tags that may collect data. Google Tag Manager does not access
this data. If deactivated at domain or cookie level, the de-activation will remain in effect for all tracking tags
implemented with Google Tag Manager.
6.1.3. Facebook Custom Audiences
We use “Facebook Custom Audiences”, a remarketing service of Meta Platforms, Inc.1601 Willow Rd., Menlo Park, CA 94025,
United States of America (hereinafter designated as: “Facebook”). Facebook Custom Audiences enables us to display
interest-based advertisements, so-called “Facebook ads”, to visitors of our website when they visit the social network
Facebook or other websites that also use Facebook Custom Audiences. This is also where our legitimate interest rests
pursuant to Art. 6 (1) sentence 1 f) GDPR.
By using "Facebook Custom Audiences", your web browser automatically establishes a direct connection to the Facebook
server. We have no control over the extent and further use of data collected through Facebook Custom Audiences. To the
best of our knowledge, Facebook receives information that you have visited the relevant part of our website or clicked
on an ad on our website. If you have a Facebook account and are registered, Facebook can associate the visit with your
user account. Even if you are not registered with Facebook or have not logged in, Facebook may obtain and store your IP
address and other identifying information.
Facebook Custom Audiences can be deactivated by logged-in users at
https://www.facebook.com/settings/?tab=ads#_
. Please
note that this setting will be deleted if you delete your cookies.
We and Meta are parties to a Data Protection Agreement incorporating the EU-SCC (Standard Contractual Clauses) according
to Art. 46 Sec II lit c) GDPR. Furthermore, Meta is certified under the EU-US Data Privacy Framework.
Please visit the following pages for further information concerning the purpose and scope of the data collection and
Facebook's further processing and use of the data as well as your configuration options to protect your privacy:
https://www.facebook.com/ads/website_custom_audiences/
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
6.1.4. Facebook Connect
We use “Facebook Connect”, a service of Facebook Inc. Facebook Connect makes it easier to register for services on the
internet. Instead of using a registration form on our website, you can enter your login data for Facebook and then use
our services. This is also where our legitimate interest rests pursuant to Art. 6 (1) sentence 1 f) GDPR.
By using "Facebook Connect", your web browser automatically establishes a direct connection to the Facebook server. You
will be redirected to the Facebook page to log in. There you can log in with your user data. This will link your
Facebook account to our service. We have no control over the extent and further use of data collected through Facebook's
use of Facebook Connect. To the best of our knowledge, Facebook receives information that you have visited the relevant
part of our website or clicked on an ad on our website. If you have a Facebook account and are registered, Facebook can
associate the visit with your user account. Even if you are not registered with Facebook or have not logged in, Facebook
may still obtain and store your IP address and other identifying information.
You can prevent the processing of the above information by Facebook by using our registration form and not using
Facebook Connect. You can revoke your consent at any time. The legality of the data processing already carried out
remains unaffected by the revocation.
We and Meta are parties to a Data Protection Agreement incorporating the EU-SCC (Standard Contractual Clauses) according
to Art. 46 Sec II lit c) GDPR. Furthermore, Meta is certified under the EU-US Data Privacy Framework.
6.2. Technologies we use in our apps
6.2.1. Firebase
We use Firebase, a service of Google Cloud EMEA Limited (hereinafter referred to as: “Firebase”). Firebase allows us to
carry out analysis on information which is gathered by our apps. Device information and other information which we
gather is provided to Google in order to enable them to carry out data analysis. This is also where our legitimate
interest rests pursuant to Art. 6 (1) sentence 1 f) GDPR.
We and Google are parties to a Data Protection Agreement incorporating the EU-SCC (Standard Contractual Clauses)
according to Art. 46 Sec II lit c) GDPR. Furthermore, Google is certified under the EU-US Data Privacy Framework.
For further information on how Google's Firebase analytics tool uses data, please see the site "How Google uses data
when you use our partners' sites or apps", (located at
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
).
6.2.2. Facebook App Events
We use the Facebook SDK service called “Facebook App Events”, a service by Facebook Inc. (hereinafter referred to as:
“Facebook App Events”). Facebook App Events helps us to evaluate the reach of our advertising campaigns and use of
Facebook SDK. Facebook provides us with an aggregated analysis of user behavior with our app. This is also where our
legitimate interest rests pursuant to Art. 6 (1) sentence 1 f) GDPR.
We and Facebook are parties to a Data Protection Agreement incorporating the EU-SCC (Standard Contractual Clauses)
according to Art. 46 Sec II lit c) GDPR. Furthermore, Google is certified under the EU-US Data Privacy Framework.
For more information, please see
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
.
6.2.3. Sentry
We use Sentry, a service by Functional Software, Inc. (hereinafter referred to as: “Sentry”), to track errors that occur
within our apps. This is also where our legitimate interest rests pursuant to Art. 6 (1) sentence 1 f) GDPR.
For this purpose, certain information about the error such as device type, operating system version, and some technical
data about the device is sent to Sentry.
We and Sentry are parties to a Data Protection Agreement incorporating the EU-SCC (Standard Contractual Clauses)
according to Art. 46 Sec II lit c) GDPR. Furthermore, Sentry is certified under the EU-US Data Privacy Framework.
For more information, please see
https://sentry.io/privacy
.
6.2.4. CloudKit
We use Apple CloudKit, a service by Apple Inc., One Apple Park Way, Cupertino, California, USA, 95014 (hereinafter
referred to as: “CloudKit”). CloudKit enables us to sync data between your Apple devices (iPhone, iPad and Apple Watch).
This is necessary for the performance of the contract between you and us, Art. 6 (1) sentence 1 b) GDPR.
Your data is stored in a private database, which is encrypted with an account-based key. Therefore, we do not have
access to any data stored in your iCloud account. We also do not have access to your Apple ID — only a unique identifier
that is limited in scope to just our app. It is not possible to track your identity between apps with this identifier.
You can revoke access to iCloud and delete all your data in the iOS Settings app on your iOS device.
We and Apple are parties to a Data Protection Agreement incorporating the EU-SCC (Standard Contractual Clauses)
according to Art. 46 Sec II lit c) GDPR. Furthermore, Apple is certified under the EU-US Data Privacy Framework.
For more information, see Apple’s privacy policy:
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy
.
7. How we protect your data
We will protect your personal data from risks associated with data processing, particularly unauthorized access, use or
disclosure. We maintain appropriate technical and organizational measures for this purpose.
8. Information For US Users
8.1. Our website does currently not recognize or respond to “Do Not Track” browser signals.
8.2. Our website is not directed to children under the age of thirteen. We will not knowingly collect personal data from
children under the age of thirteen without insisting that they seek prior parental consent if required by applicable
law. We will only use or disclose personal data about a child to the extent permitted by law, to seek parental consent,
pursuant to local law and regulations or to protect a child.
8.3. Depending on the US state in which you reside, you may have special rights with respect to your personal data.
9. Information for Brazilian Users
9.1. This section applies and provides you with further information if the processing of personal data
occurs in Brazilian territory,
concerns the data of individuals located in Brazilian territory,
comprises personal data collected in Brazilian territory, or
has as its objective the offer or supply of goods or services to individuals located in Brazilian territory.
In these cases, the Brazilian General Data Protection Law (Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados - LGPD) applies to the
processing of your personal data and the following additions and/or deviations apply to this Data Privacy Notice.
9.2. In addition to the rights mentioned in this Data Processing Policy, you are entitled under LGPD to:
In case your data is not being processed in accordance with the applicable data protection law or in an excessive way,
request us to anonymize, block or delete unnecessary or excessive personal data or;
Request information regarding the public and/or private entities we shared your personal data with;
Be informed about the possibility of not giving your consent to process your data and the consequences of not giving the
consent in case we request your consent to process your data;
Revoke at any time your consent to our processing of your personal data in case we request your consent to process your
data.
9.3. For information about the legal basis of processing and data retention periods please refer to the respective sections of this Data Processing Policy.
10. Your rights
According to the applicable laws, you have various rights in respect of your personal data. If you desire to assert your
rights, please direct your request via email or mail to the address indicated in section 1 above clearly identifying
your person.
10.1. Right to withdraw consent
You have the right to withdraw the consent that you have given to process your personal data at any time with effect for
the future.
Withdrawal does not affect the lawfulness of the processing based on your consent which has occurred up until
revocation.
10.2. Right of access
You have the right to demand information concerning your stored personal data free of charge. At your request, this
information can also be provided electronically.
10.3. Right to rectification, erasure and restriction of processing
You have the right to demand the rectification and the erasure of, or the restriction of the processing of your personal
data. However, if your data is erased or blocked, you can no longer use the relevant services.
Your right to erasure can be precluded by statutory retention obligations.
10.4. Right to data portability
You have the right for us to provide you or other controllers, in machine-readable form, with data which we process in
automated processes or to the processing of which you have agreed.
10.5. Enforcement of rights
You can exercise your rights by informal communication to Algoriddim GmbH, Königinstr. 33, 80539 Munich, Germany or by
email to
info@algoriddim.com
.
We have appointed a privacy officer. You can reach the privacy officer via the following email:
privacy@algoriddim.com
.
Should you have a complaint regarding the processing of your data, you may also contact the competent supervisory
authority for data protection.
As of: December 2024
Sign up for our newsletter
I would like to read about the latest and greatest on the djay product line by Algoriddim.
            If I should change my mind, I can unsubscribe at any time. Further information can be found in
            the
privacy policy
.