Privacy Policy
Intellectual Flame Co., Ltd.
This Privacy Policy applies beginning May 25, 2018. You may change your consent anytime in our App Settings.
The Privacy Policy was updated on May 24, 2018.
Your privacy is important to us so we’ve developed a Privacy Policy that covers how we collect, use, disclose, transfer, and store your information. In addition to this Privacy Policy, we provide data and privacy information imbedded in our products for certain features that ask to use your personal information.
Please take a moment to familiarize yourself with our privacy practices and contact us if you have any questions.
BY INSTALLING THE APPS ON YOUR MOBILE DEVICE, ENTERING INTO, CONNECTING TO, ACCESSING AND/OR USING THE APPS, YOU AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY, INCLUDING TO THE POSSIBLE COLLECTION AND PROCESSING OF YOUR INFORMATION AND YOU ARE CONSENTING TO THE USE OF COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES ON YOUR DEVICE. PLEASE NOTE: IF YOU OR, AS APPLICABLE, YOUR LEGAL GUARDIAN, DISAGREE TO ANY TERM PROVIDED HEREIN, YOU MAY NOT INSTALL, ACCESS AND/OR USE THE APPS AND YOU ARE REQUESTED TO PROMPTLY ERASE THEM, AND ANY PART THEREOF, FROM YOUR MOBILE DEVICE.
What information we collect
Our primary purpose in collecting information is to provide you with a safe, efficient and customized experience and to provide you with Services and features that better meet your needs or requests.
1. Personal Information
We do NOT collect any Personal Information about you. “Personal Information” means personally identifiable information, such as your name, email address, physical address, calendar entries, contact entries, files, photos, call logs, message logs, social media account information , etc.
2. Non-Personal Information
We collect non-personal information about your use of our Apps and aggregated information regarding the usages of the Apps. “Non-Personal Information” means information that is of an anonymous nature, such as the type of mobile device you use, your mobile devices unique device ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, and information about the way you use the Applications.
3. Information collected by our Third Party Advertising Partners
We work with third party advertising partners to provide personalized ads for you. Our partners include but are not limited to Google AdMob, DoubleClick Ad Exchange, DoubleClick for Publishers, Facebook Audience Network, MoPub, Amazon, Fyber, Smaato, Baidu, and etc. You may find more details about our partners in links below:
·    https://www.mopub.com/legal/privacy/
·    https://www.mopub.com/legal/partners/
Our partners may collect hardware and software information such as IP address, device ID and type, advertising IDs (such as Google's AAID and Apple's IDFA, both of which are randomly generated numbers that you can reset by going into your device' settings), device language, operating system, time zones, and identifiers associated with cookies or other technologies that may uniquely identify your device.
How we use your information we collect
1. Personal Information.
We do NOT collect and use Personal Information in any way.
2. Non-personal Information.
Generally non-personal information is used internally to monitor and improve the Services, to perform analyses of the behavior of our users, to measure user demographics and interests, to describe our services to third parties such as advertisers and to analyze how and where best to use our resources. We do not combine Non-Personal Information with Personal Information.
How we share the information we collect
1. Personal Information.
We do NOT collect and share Personal Information in any way.
2. Non-personal information.
We accept advertisements from Third Parties ad networks which may be displayed in our Apps. We may share certain information with third-party advertisers, ad networks and ad platforms (“Advertising Entities”) to develop and deliver targeted advertising in the Apps. We may also allow Advertising Entities to collect non-personal information within the Services which they may share with us, including your device identifier, device type, device brand, device model, network type, device language, and IP address. Advertising entities may also collect non-personal information related to the performance of the advertisements, such as how many times an advertisement is shown, how long an advertisement is viewed, and any click-throughs of an advertisement.
Links to third-party websites and services
The Apps may contain links to other websites and online services, including third-party advertisements. If you choose to click through to one of these other websites or online services, please note that any information you may provide will be subject to the privacy policy and other terms and conditions of that websites or service, and not to this Privacy Policy. We do not control third-party websites or services, and the fact that a link to such a website or service appears in the Apps does not mean that we endorse them or have approved their policies or practices relating to user information. Before providing any information to any third-party website or service, we encourage you to review the privacy policy and other terms and conditions of that website or service. You agree that we will have no liability for any matters relating to a third-party website or service that you provide information to, including their collection and handling of that information.
Compliance with laws and law enforcement
We reserve the right to share your information with third parties if we believe such action is necessary in order to: (1) conform with the requirements of the law or to comply with legal process served upon us; (2) protect or defend our legal rights or property (3) investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person or violations of the terms and conditions of using our Apps and Services.
California Privacy Notice
Last Updated：December 27, 2019
Effective: January 1, 2020
This California Privacy Notice ("Notice") is for California residents and supplements our Privacy Policy. It explains how we collect, use, and share your Personal Information and how to exercise your rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 ("CCPA").
We Don't Sell Your Data
We do not sell your Personal Information, and never will. You share your information as you use and communicate through our Services, and we share your information for business purposes to help us operate, provide, improve, understand, customize, support, and market our Services.
Your rights under the CCPA
For your protection and the protection of all of our users, we may ask you to provide proof of identity before we can answer the following requests.
1. Right to know what personal information we collect. You have the right to request details on the specific personal information we've collected about you. We provide this information in our Privacy Policy, but you can also get this information by contacting us by email in the privacy policy.
2. Right to deletion. You have the right to request the deletion of your data by contacting us by email in the privacy policy.
3. Non-Discrimination. You have the right to be free from any discrimination for exercising your rights to access or delete your Personal Information. We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of these rights.
Children policy
Our Services are intended for use only by those aged 13 and over. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 years of age. If you are under the age of 13, please do not provide us with information of any kind.
If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with Personal Information, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under the age of 13, please contact us.
Contact us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Apps, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at feedback.iflight@gmail.com.